http://www.amctheatres.com/privacy-policy
See A Movie Our Theatres Food & Drinks On Demand Extras Gift Cards Download the App
Full Privacy Policy
Effective date: July 1, 2020
Thank you for visiting AMCTheatres.com or using AMC’s mobile application. American Multi-Cinema, Inc. values its relationship with guests, members and clients, and is committed to responsible information handling practices.
This privacy policy applies to information collected from you by American Multi-Cinema, Inc., its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, “AMC”) when you visit websites where this privacy policy is posted, register for information or content AMC makes available (“Data”) at our websites, through your download and use of any mobile application, widget, shortcut or user interface (collectively, “Apps”) that AMC may make publicly available, and through your electronic communications with AMC. This privacy policy also applies to information collected by AMC through other means.
Although AMC makes available Apps, and a number of websites with unique Data, services and offerings, each AMC website and App shares the following privacy philosophies and principles.
Providing you with notice of AMC's information practices
Giving you choices about how AMC will use information collected from you
Providing you with the opportunity to update or correct your personally identifiable information
Using information security safeguards
Providing you with means to contact AMC about privacy-related issues
If you are a resident of California, please refer to the section.
Table of Contents
What Information About Me Does AMC Collect?
How Does AMC Use Information?
Does AMC Share or Transfer the Information I Provide?
How Does AMC Keep My Personal Information Secure?
Does AMC Use Cookies or Other Technologies?
Can Other Parties Obtain Information From Me When I Visit an AMC Website?
How Do I Contact AMC to Request Access or Correction to My Personally Identifiable Information?
How Do I Opt Out of Receiving Marketing Communications from AMC and Others?
Does AMC Collect Information from Children?
Will This Privacy Policy Change?
1. What Information About Me Does AMC Collect?
You may provide AMC with two types of information during your visit to AMC’s website or your use of our App.
Information AMC collects automatically
Information that you voluntarily share with AMC
The information we collect includes “personal information,” which can have different meanings depending on applicable law. In general, we use the term “personal information” to mean information that can uniquely identify you, but we will treat information we collect from you as personal information wherever necessary under applicable law.
AMC automatically collects information from you when you visit AMC’s website or use our App, such as the search engine you used to access the AMC website, the previous websites you visited, the websites or advertisements you view or select, the type of browser or device you use, the operating system you use, your computer or device's IP address or other unique identifier, and information about the way you use our App. AMC also collects information concerning your movie preferences, such as the movies for which you purchase tickets and the theatres in which you view those movies.
AMC may collect the mobile phone number you use to send AMC a text message, and the content of the message. When you send a text message to AMC, the incoming phone number, the wireless service provider and the date and time of the message will be logged by AMC.
AMC may also assign a unique identifying number, code, or both, to the computer or device that you use to visit or access an AMC website or App, and AMC may collect other information during a particular web browsing session and over time.
You can search the AMC website and the App for movie information, movie show times, and the AMC theatres closest to you. If you use such location-enabled parts of the App or the AMC website, you may be sending AMC location information. This information may reveal your precise or approximate location.
AMC may also use third-party providers to place and manage AMC’s advertisements on the AMC website and App. These third parties may use cookies and other technology to automatically collect information on AMC’s behalf about your visits to AMC websites, use of the Apps and visits to other websites in order to provide advertisements about AMC goods and services that may be of interest to you.
We may ask you to provide personal information when you create an online account, sign up for AMC Stubs™  loyalty program, download and register the App, purchase products or services, join a frequent moviegoer or other loyalty program, subscribe to AMC SMS text message communications, participate in a sweepstakes, promotion or survey, contact AMC with a question or concern, or participate in other activities when you visit an AMC website or use the App. If you are a member of social media networks or services, and you authorize AMC to associate your account or the App with that network or service, AMC will gather information about your online behavior at the AMC websites or through your use of the App, will associate that information with personal information AMC already has about you and use it on-line or offline, in accordance with this privacy policy. AMC also collects personal information that you may disclose on the AMC website or through use of the App, such as ratings or review pages, blogs, and message boards.
Back to Top
2. How Does AMC Use Information?
AMC does not sell your personal information.
AMC uses personal information for the purpose for which you provided it, such as to fulfill your request for products, services or Data, to process and administer your contest or sweepstakes entry, to activate and maintain your account on our website or App, and to allow you to participate in public areas of the AMC website. AMC also uses personal information to notify you of changes to AMC’s websites, to provide you with entertainment news, e-mail offers, SMS text message offers and movie ticket savings, to let you know about other products and services that may be of interest to you, and to tailor AMC's online or in-store offerings to your preferences.
AMC uses anonymous information collected by its third party advertisers to serve you with advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you. AMC combines anonymous usage information collected from your visit to an AMC website or use of our App with that of other users to determine which features and areas of the website or App are most popular. By collecting and analyzing this information, AMC can improve the AMC websites and App. This aggregated information does not contain information personally associated with you.
AMC may also update and supplement personal information collected from you with other information that AMC obtains from third parties or from AMC's subsidiaries and affiliates. If AMC associates information obtained from affiliates and subsidiaries or other third parties with personal information collected under this policy, AMC will treat the acquired information like information AMC has collected itself.
Back to Top
3. Does AMC Share or Transfer the Information I Provide?
AMC may share your information:
With AMC Subsidiaries.
AMC may share your personal information with AMC subsidiaries to provide you with AMC entertainment news, e-mail offers, SMS text message offers and movie ticket savings, and to let you know about AMC products and services that may be of interest to you, and other business purposes.
With Service Providers.
AMC may share your personal information with third parties that provide services for AMC, such as fulfilling orders, Data and information requests, to improve your experience with the App and on AMC’s website and for other business purposes. AMC will share your personal information with these third parties for these purposes; however, these third parties will not contact you directly.
As Required by Law.
From time to time, AMC may be required to share your personal information with law enforcement or other governmental agencies in response to a court order, subpoena, government investigation, or as otherwise required by law. AMC also reserves the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that AMC, in good faith, believes to be unlawful. AMC also may share certain personal information when it believes that such sharing is reasonably necessary to protect the rights, property, and safety of others and itself.
As Part of a Business Transaction.
AMC may also disclose your personal information to third parties in relation to planned or potential corporate sales, mergers, reorganizations, consolidations, dissolutions, bankruptcies, or similar events.
Back to Top
4. How Does AMC Keep My Personal Information Secure?
We have implemented technical, administrative, and physical security measures designed to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, disclosure, use, and modification. Please be aware that, although AMC strives to keep your personal information secure, no security measures are absolute. Use caution when transmitting personal information over the Internet.
Back to Top
5. Does AMC Use Cookies or Other Technologies?
The AMC website and App use technology (e.g., cookies, web beacons, and pixel tags) to collect and store information concerning your use of the AMC website and App, in order to recognize you, provide personalization, optimize performance of the AMC website and App, and collect traffic data (e.g., number of visitors to the AMC website, frequency of visits or use, length of visit, and the use made, or the feature, function or advertisement selected). If you choose to reject all cookies or similar technology, you may be unable to use much of the functionality of the AMC website and App.
The App may also use various technologies to track your web browsing activity conducted through the App and may store such information on your mobile device. Many mobile devices have this technology pre-loaded or incorporated in the web browser, or the technology may be included in a mobile application you download and use on your device. You may be able to manage that information gathering and storage through your device.
In some instances, these cookies may be used by us or other web sites during your future navigation of the internet to target specific advertisements to you based on your previous use of the AMC website, the App, or other websites. The AMC website may also read cookies already stored within your browser to identify non-personal information about you and communicate this information to other advertisers. You may remove cookies used by the AMC website for advertising purposes by deleting cookies from your browser history.
Some browsers have “do not track” features that allow you to tell a website not to track you. These features are not all uniform. We do not currently respond to those signals. Instead, we collect, use, and share information as described in this privacy policy regardless of a “do not track” choice.
Back to Top
6. Can Other Parties Obtain Information From Me When I Visit an AMC Website?
AMC may allow third parties to deliver advertisements on the AMC website, through the App or SMS text messages. The AMC website and App may also contain links to websites that are owned and operated by third parties. You should be aware that when you click on these third-party advertisements or links, you may deploy technology (such as cookies or web beacons), which third parties may use to identify some of your preferences or to recognize you if you have previously been to their website or otherwise had contact with them. AMC has no responsibility (and disclaims any representations, warranties or responsibility) for these third-party advertisements and websites, including, without limitation, their content and privacy policies. AMC encourages you to read the privacy policies of the advertisers and websites to learn how they may collect and use information about you.
If you voluntarily disclose personal information in a public area of the AMC website or App, such as a review page, blog or message board, third parties may collect this information and use it to send you unsolicited marketing communications, messages or for other purposes. You disclose personal information in public areas of the AMC website or App at your own risk.
Back to Top
7. How Do I Contact AMC to Request Access or Correction to My Personally Identifiable Information?
AMC retains your personal information for as long as you use the App, remain a member of the AMC Stubs™ loyalty program, or maintain an online account with an AMC website, and for a reasonable time thereafter. AMC retains anonymous information it collects under this privacy policy for up to two years from the date of collection, and thereafter may only retain such information in the aggregate.
You may obtain a copy of your personal information maintained by AMC by contacting AMC Entertainment, Attention: Privacy Manager, 11500 Ash Street, Leawood, KS 66211 or at privacymanager@amctheatres.com. For your protection, you will be required to provide proof of your identity to obtain a copy of your personal information. You may correct any errors in your personal information by providing AMC with the correct information. You may uninstall the App from your mobile device at any time, and AMC will make reasonable efforts to delete the personal information in its possession concerning your use of the App; however, you will continue to receive e-mail, SMS text messages and other communications if you selected those services through your account at the AMC website. AMC will delete all of your personal information (except for your transaction history) from AMC's records upon your written request. However, you will not be able to access some areas of the AMC website, use some aspects of the App or have the App function properly if you choose to delete your personal information.
Back to Top
8. How Do I Opt Out of Receiving Marketing Communications from AMC and Others?
When you create an account with AMC and during certain purchase transactions, you may opt out of receiving marketing communications from AMC and its service providers. If you have an account with AMC, you may update your preferences concerning marketing communications at any time. You may also opt out of receiving communications from AMC by following the directions in AMC's e-mail or SMS text message communication with you, by e-mailing privacymanager@amctheatres.com, or by mailing your request, which must include your current contact information, to:
AMC EntertainmentAttn: Privacy Manager11500 Ash Street, Leawood KS 66211
You may stop the delivery of Push Notification or other e-mail messages from AMC by managing your notification preferences in the account settings section of the App or your online account with an AMC website.
AMC will implement your request within a reasonable time. Please note that your request to opt out of receiving marketing communications will only apply to future communications and transactions with AMC and its service providers. Even if you choose to opt out of receiving marketing communications from AMC, AMC will still send you transactional or administrative communications.
If you have subscribed to AMC's SMS text alerts by sending AMC to 272727 via SMS text, you will receive up to six SMS text alerts from AMC a month. Depending on the terms of your contract with your mobile telecommunications service provider, message and data rates may apply.
If at any time you want to stop receiving SMS text alerts from AMC, please send STOP to 272727 via SMS text, manage your communication preferences in the account settings section of the App or online account with an AMC website or in writing to the address above.
If you are a Nevada resident, contact us here: privacymanager@amctheatres.com.
Back to Top
9. Does AMC Collect Information from Children?
AMC is committed to protecting the privacy of children. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13.
Back to Top
10. Will This Privacy Policy Change?
AMC may change this privacy policy at any time. If AMC modifies this privacy policy, AMC will post it on the AMC website and the App, and include the effective date of the modification. If there are material changes to this privacy policy, AMC may notify you of the modification by sending you an e-mail at the last e-mail address you provided to us, posting a notice through the App, by prominently posting notice of the modification here and on the home page for each AMC website governed by this privacy policy, through other reasonable delivery methods, or as otherwise required by law.
Your use of the AMC website or App means that you accept the terms of this privacy policy and that AMC has the right to use information it collects from you, whether personal information or anonymous, as stated in this privacy policy. If you do not accept the terms of this privacy policy, do not use the AMC website or App. If you have any additional questions, please feel free to contact AMC any time at privacymanager@amctheatres.com.
California Privacy Rights
Categories of personal information we collect
We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular California consumer or household (“personal information”). In particular, we have collected the following categories of personal information from consumers within the twelve (12) months preceding the effective date of this privacy policy:
Category
Collected
A. Identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, social security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
Yes
B. Any categories of personal information described in Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e).
Yes
C. Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law.
Yes
D. Commercial information, including records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Yes
E. Biometric information.
No
F. Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an Internet Web site, application, or advertisement.
Yes
G. Geolocation data.
Yes
H. Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
No
I. Professional or employment-related information.
Yes
J. Non-public education information
Yes
K. Inferences drawn from any of the information identified above to create a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
Yes
For additional information, see What information we collect about you.
Categories of sources of personal data
We obtain the categories of personal data listed above from you, and the inferences we create come from our analysis of the information you provide to us.
For additional information, see What information we collect about you.
Our business and commercial purposes for collecting personal information
We use the personal information we collect for our operational purposes or other purposes set out in this privacy policy (see How Does AMC Use Information?). Those purposes may include:
Auditing related to a current interaction with the consumer and concurrent transactions, including, but not limited to, counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance with this specification and other standards.
Detecting and monitoring security events, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity.
Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Short-term, transient use, provided the personal information that is not disclosed to another third party and is not used to build a profile about a consumer or otherwise alter an individual consumer’s experience outside the current interaction, including, but not limited to, the contextual customization of ads shown as part of the same interaction.
Performing services on behalf of the business, including maintaining or servicing accounts, modifying loyalty program services, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing advertising or marketing services, providing analytic services, or providing similar services on behalf of the business.
Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration.
Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by the business, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by the business.
In the twelve (12) months preceding the effective date of this Privacy Policy, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information of California consumers for a business purpose:
Category A: Identifiers
Category B: Categories of personal information described in Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)
Category D: Commercial information
Category F: Network Activity
Category G: Geolocation data
Category K: Inferences
We also use the personal information we collect for our commercial or economic purposes, such as attracting consumers to buy, rent, lease, join, subscribe to, provide, or exchange products, goods, property, information, or services, or enabling or effecting, directly or indirectly, a commercial transaction.
Categories of third parties with whom we share personal information
For information on where we share personal information, see Does AMC Share or Transfer the Information I Provide?
In the twelve (12) months preceding the effective date of this Privacy Policy, we have not sold personal information of California consumers.
Your rights under California law
You have the right to ask us to send you the following information:
The categories of personal information we have collected about you.
The categories of sources from which we collected the personal information.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information the business has collected about you.
You have the right to ask us to delete the personal information about you we have collected.
Non-discrimination
Your privacy rights are important. If you exercise your privacy rights under California law, we will not do any of the following in retaliation:
Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through the use of discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
How California residents can submit requests
If you are a California resident and you want to submit a request to us regarding your California rights, you can submit an online request form through our portal , contact us via e-mail to privacymanager@amctheatres.com. You do not have to create an account with us to submit a request.
We can only respond to your request if it is verifiable. This means we are obligated to take reasonable steps to verify your identity and your right to access the information you request. We may ask you to provide additional information that will help us do so. We will only use that additional information in the verification process, and not for any other purpose.
If you submit a request to delete personal information, you must separately confirm the request. After receiving your request, we will send you a separate communication with instructions on how to confirm your request to delete.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Authorized agents
If you wish to submit a request to know, delete, or opt out through an authorized agent, we require the following before we can process the request:
A notarized copy of your written permission authorizing the agent to make the request, and
That you verify your identity directly with us.
Direct confirmation from you that you provided the agent permission to submit the request.
If your authorized agent has a valid power of attorney under California Probate Code sections 4000 to 4465, we may request proof of the power of attorney instead of the foregoing.
We may deny a request from an agent that does not submit proof you authorized them to act on your behalf.
Notice of Financial Incentive
Upon providing the information required to sign up for the AMC Stubs™ loyalty program, which includes certain personal information, you are eligible to receive benefits, coupons, and other price reductions for our products and services. You may choose not to receive these offers by discontinuing your loyalty account.
Specifically, loyalty members receive benefits in the form of birthday rewards, free upgrades on food and beverage items, waived convenience fees for online transactions, and accrual of points for money spent with AMC that may be redeemed at AMC for cash value.
We do not expressly ascribe a monetary value to the data that we collect, and we use that information only as described in this Privacy Policy. To the extent we are required to ascribe a monetary value to the data we collect from you, it is equal to the value of the discount, coupon, upgrade, waived fee, or listed price of the gifted item that we have provided to you as described in further detail below.
AMC Stubs™ A*List and Premiere members accrue one hundred (100) points per dollar spent. AMC Stubs Insider members accrue twenty (20) points per dollar spent. Redeemable five- dollar ($5.00) awards are granted each time a member accrues 5,000 points. Point accrual and redemption value are subject to change in accordance with the terms and conditions of the AMC Stubs™ program.
The value of upgrades on food and beverage items and Birthday Rewards (including free popcorn for all AMC Stubs™ members, and a free drink for AMC Stubs A*List and Premiere) vary by geographic location, and may be determined based on the listed price of the item at the location where the rewards are redeemed.
The value of a waived convenience fees vary by geographic location and point of sale, and may be determined based on the stated convenience fee as set forth at the point of sale.