http://www.trombone.org/about/privacy.php
Articles
Recent
Browse by Category
Publishing
Reviews
Recent
Browse by Category
Send Review Items
About
Reader Banners
Team
Privacy
Contact
Search
Home
OTJ: Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
The Online Trombone Journal (OTJ) is committed to personal privacy. This privacy statement outlines what personal information the OTJ may collect about you and how that information may be used. The following explains the OTJ's information collection and disclosure practices for the website www.trombone.org.
The Online Trombone Journal may amend this privacy statement from time-to-time without notice; therefore, the OTJ asks that you review this statement periodically to ensure that you are aware of the most updated statement.
In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
No method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage, however, is 100% secure. Consequently, the OTJ does not insure or warrant the security of information you transmit, and you transmit information through our website at your own risk.
Informaton Collected
When you view pages on our site, the web server and related systems automatically collect certain technical information from your computer and about your connection. We also collect information using the following methods:
Cookies
A cookie is a file that is written to your computer containing information about your visit.
If you prefer not to receive cookies, you may configure your browser not to accept them at all, or to notify and require approval before accepting new cookies. Some web pages may not function properly if the cookies are turned off, or you may have to provide the same information each time you visit those pages.
Third Party Services
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. including Demographics and Interest Reporting. Google Analytics uses cookies to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website will be transmitted to and stored by Google. The OTJ can only acess aggregated data from this service.
You can use the Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-on to disable tracking by Google Analytics. For more information, please visit Google’s Privacy Policy.
Automatially Collected Information
Information automatically collected. When you view pages on www.trombone.org, some information about your visit is automatically collected by the web server itself.
This information facilitates server optimization, troubleshooting and delivering the appropriate information to your web browser. This information is not coupled with any personal indentification such as name, member name, email address or geographical information.
This information includes:
Your IP address
The domain name from which you visit our site
User-specific information on which pages are visited
Aggregate information on pages visited
The referring website
The date and time of visit
The duration of visit
Your browser type
Your screen resolution
Your interactions with the web page
Aggregate information collected by Google Analytics
Manually Collected Information
Information you provide us. If you initiate a site membership or complete our contact form then the OTJ may collect personal information that you provide, including but not limited to:
Name
Email Address
Contact Message
How We Use Information We Collect
By providing this information you acknowledge that, where permitted by federal or state law, the OTJ may use this information for the express purposes for which the information was provided, which may include to:
Respond to your requests for information
Improve online content and communications
Forward your feedback to the OTJ authors and development team
Sharing Information with Third Parties
The Online Trombone Journal does not sell, rent, give away, or loan any personally identifiable information collected to any third party for commercial purposes.
"Share This" Use
The Online Trombone Journal uses ShareThis to provide social media share buttons on selected content. Their privacy statement relating to our use of their service can be found here. The information you provide to authenticate with these sharing services is not accessed or collected by the OTJ.
Links to Other Websites
This Site may contain links to other websites of interest.
The OTJ does not control third-party websites and is not responsible for the privacy practices or contents of any linked website.
The OTJ strongly suggests that you refer to their privacy statements, if available.
Updated: August 26, 2019