http://www.imax.com.au/about/privacy.aspx
Imax is closed
We’re getting a makeover! Keep up to date about the new development.
Find out more
Privacy Policy
This website ('Site') is owned and operated by WORLD'S BIGGEST SCREENS Pty Ltd, ABN 18 093 736 308 ('WORLD'S BIGGEST SCREENS, we, our, us'). WORLD'S BIGGEST SCREENS is committed to the protection of personal information provided by you to the Site.
This Privacy Policy applies to the collection, storage, use and dissemination by WORLD'S BIGGEST SCREENS of your personal information ('Your Personal Information').
Access to the contents of this Site is conditional upon your approval of the Privacy Policy, which should be read together with the Terms and Conditions.
As part of WORLD'S BIGGEST SCREENS's commitment to the protection of Your Personal Information, we have developed this policy in line with the voluntary National Principles for the Fair Handling of Personal Information developed by the Australian Federal Privacy Commissioner, which represent industry best practice.
Our Privacy Policy contains the following important information regarding Your Personal Information:
Collection of Your Personal Information
Storage and Security of Your Personal Information
Use and Disclosure of Your Personal Information
Access to your Personal Information
Children's Privacy
Disclaimer
Further Information on Privacy
Contact Us
Collection of Your Personal Information
For the purposes of this Privacy Statement, Personal Information means information or an opinion (including information or an opinion forming part of a database), whether true or not, and whether recorded in a material form or not, about an individual whose identity is apparent, or can reasonably be ascertained, from the information or opinion.
This Privacy Statement will not apply to web sites which are linked to this Web Site and over which WORLD'S BIGGEST SCREENS has no control. You should check the privacy policy of any other web site you enter.
By using this Web Site you agree to the privacy policy of WORLD'S BIGGEST SCREENS Pty Limited (''WORLD'S BIGGEST SCREENS'') as set out below. You agree that your use of this Site implies your consent to the collection and use of Your Personal Information (or your children's personal information) in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.
If we deem it necessary, we may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time in line with industry best practice. It is prudent for you to review our Privacy Policy regularly to ensure that you are satisfied and consent to all amendments to our Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this Site following any amendments is valid confirmation of your acceptance to the amendments.
Your Personal Information is collected to enhance your use of the Site and continually improve our Site.
Some of the information collected will not personally identify you but instead track your use of the Site. We obtain this information by our use of 'Cookies'. Cookies are commonly used by websites on the Internet and are a feature usually placed in your hard drive that recognizes and identifies your computer. The Cookie does not contain any information that personally identifies you and we do not use Cookies in order to obtain such information. Your browser should allow you to refuse Cookies if you desire.
We will collect information that does personally identify you where required (this may include your name, email address, gender, age and subscribers details). We only collect this information to carry out the functions offered on the areas of Site that you choose to enter. If you do not wish to provide your Personal Information, you should not use these parts of the Web Site.
WORLD'S BIGGEST SCREENS recognises that your privacy is very important to you. For this reason, if we can (and you want to), you do not have to identify yourself when you use or access most of the features of the Web Site. You will not be penalised if you do not provide us with your Personal Information.
Storage and Security of Your Personal Information
WORLD'S BIGGEST SCREENS will use all reasonable endeavours to maintain the security of Your Personal Information.
We require our staff and service providers to respect the confidentiality of Your Personal Information.
Due to the nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that Your Personal Information will always be secure during transmission or from unauthorised access during storage. Please contact WORLD'S BIGGEST SCREENS immediately if you become aware or have reason to believe there has been any unauthorised use of Your Personal Information. To the extent permitted by law, we exclude any liability for loss or damage caused by breaches of the security, integrity or privacy of this Web Site.
Personal Information that you submit to our Web Site may be disclosed to a third party if the disclosure is:
Required by law;
Permitted by the National Privacy Principles;
Necessary to co-operate with a judicial process or a law enforcement agency;
Necessary to protect and defend the rights or property of WORLD'S BIGGEST SCREENS, this site, or participating sites; or
Necessary to lessen or prevent unlawful activity or serious threats to individuals, public health or safety.
Use and Disclosure of Your Personal Information
WORLD'S BIGGEST SCREENS may provide certain information about you to its related bodies corporate. Subject to your prior approval, WORLD'S BIGGEST SCREENS's commercial sponsors, advertisers, business partners or associates located both in and outside Australia ('WORLD'S BIGGEST SCREENS Partners') may wish to send you information about their products or services.
If you subsequently decide that you do not wish to receive information about the products and services of the WORLD'S BIGGEST SCREENS Partners, please Contact Us with your request to be removed from our mailing list. We will use reasonable endeavors to remove your name within 14 days of receipt of notice.
Access to your Personal Information
WORLD'S BIGGEST SCREENS will use all reasonable endeavours to keep Your Personal Information accurate. Please Contact Us to examine Your Personal Information if required. We will use reasonable endeavours to provide a complete list of Your Personal Information within 14 days of receipt of your enquiry.
You may Contact Us to amend any of Your Personal Information that is inaccurate or request that Your Personal Information be deleted. We will use reasonable endeavours to amend or delete your records as requested within 14 days of receipt of notice. If applicable, any legal requirement on WORLD'S BIGGEST SCREENS to maintain certain records of Your Personal Information shall prevail over any of your requests.
Children's Privacy
All person's under the age of 18 must obtain the consent of their parents or legal guardians before using this Site or submitting any information to this Site. WORLD'S BIGGEST SCREENS will adhere to this Privacy Policy in respect of any information submitted by minors but the primary responsibility rests on parents and guardians to properly supervise their children's use of the Site.
Disclaimer
WORLD'S BIGGEST SCREENS will only collect, use or disclose information that personally identifies you as set out in this Privacy Policy unless in our opinion WORLD'S BIGGEST SCREENS is required by law to protect the rights or property of WORLD'S BIGGEST SCREENS or any third party, or to avoid injury to any person.
In accordance with WORLD'S BIGGEST SCREENS's established relationships with the WORLD'S BIGGEST SCREENS Partners, users of our Site may link directly to sites operated by WORLD'S BIGGEST SCREENS Partners. Although certain WORLD'S BIGGEST SCREENS Partner sites may be co-branded with the WORLD'S BIGGEST SCREENS logo, you acknowledge that WORLD'S BIGGEST SCREENS may not operate such sites. We encourage you to always read the applicable privacy policy of any WORLD'S BIGGEST SCREENS Partner on exiting this Site.
WORLD'S BIGGEST SCREENS Partner sites may collect additional personal information from you in addition to Your Personal Information supplied to WORLD'S BIGGEST SCREENS. You acknowledge that WORLD'S BIGGEST SCREENS is not responsible for the content or practices of the sites operated by WORLD'S BIGGEST SCREENS Partners including the manner in which they collect, store, use or disseminate your personal information.
If you would like any further information about your rights to privacy, please see the Australian Privacy Commissioner's website or contact the Internet Industry Association.
Contact Us
If you have any queries regarding this Privacy Policy or would like to read, amend or delete any of Your Personal Information, please contact WORLD'S BIGGEST SCREENS by email addressed to info@imax.com.au .
IMAX Theatre Sydney
31 Wheat Road
Darling Harbour
Sydney NSW 2000
AUSTRALIA
Contact Us
Sign up for MYMAX news
Be the first to know about the latest from MYMAX
Thank you for registering with MYMAX News. You can login anytime and update your details
Login
Like
Tweet