https://www.hotglass.com/privacy.html
PRIVACY POLICY
Search Glass Line:
What can we help you find today?
Home
Current & Back Issues
Subscribe
Contact us - E-mail
Guests - Sample Issues
Glass Line Magazine on Facebook
User Center
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY / LEGAL DISCLAIMER
Privacy Policy
We collect no personal data without your knowledge and consent.
We share no personal data with any outside parties and never have.
We have no personal data from visitors to share even if we wanted to
share it, which we don't.
Any statistical data collected from our server logs cannot be used to
identify an individual visitor and is only used internally to help us
make our sites more responsive to visitors.
We have no technology that would allow us snoop on individuals during
their visits or after they leave.
E-mail addresses from correspondence with any of our sites are not sold,
reused or repurposed in any way.
Maintaining your privacy is important to us.
GLASS LINE recognizes and understands the importance of protecting your
privacy as a user of this website. We do not collect personal information
about you, except for the information you voluntarily provide. Examples
of voluntarily submitted information would include when you submit an
email to us with comments about our web site or products reviewed on the
web site, or you provide answers to a voluntary readership survey, or
you participate on our BBS or FORUMS.
We do set cookies from time to time
to better gauge our readership level but we do not gather personal data
via these cookies.
What are cookies?
From time to time,GLASS LINE or its advertisers may send a "cookie"
to your computer. A cookie is a small piece of data that is sent to your
browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. A
cookie can't read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created
by other sites. Cookies do not damage your system We use cookies to identify
which areas of GLASS LINE's Network of Web sites you have visited or customized,
so the next time you visit, those pages may be readily accessible. Our
advertisers may also use cookies to ascertain how many times you’ve seen
an advertisement. We and our advertisers may use this information to better
personalize the content, banners, and promotions that you see on our Sites.
You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the settings of your
browser. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies, or allow your
browser to show you when a cookie is being sent.
If you choose not to accept these cookies, your experience at our site
and other Web sites may be diminished and some features may not work as
intended.
Your personal information is treated confidentially. We do NOT provide
or sell your personal information to other companies, and our staff is not
allowed to use the information for any purpose other than to conduct
normal business practices related to GLASS LINE. The following is
considered to be personal information: your name, address, phone number,
date of birth, job, personal interests, credit card information, your
e-mail address, and data about the pages you visited at GLASS LINE.
Legal Disclaimer
Unless otherwise noted, all the information and contents posted at this
site are the property of GLASS LINE, and are protected by U.S. and foreign
copyright and trademark laws. By accessing this site, you agree to the
following terms and conditions. If you do not agree, you have no right to
use this website.
1. The GLASS LINE website and its contents may not be copied or distributed
in any manner without the prior written consent of James Thingwold, Administrator
of GLASS LINE, with the following exception:
You may copy up to 14 words, or paraphrase an article provided that you
attribute the material to https://www.hotglass.com
2.GLASS LINE MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO
THIS WEBSITE, ITS CONTENTS, OR THE MANUSCRIPT WHICH ARE PROVIDED FOR USE
"AS IS", AND IS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND.
3. Portions of this website may publish the comments and opinions of
readers and members.GLASS LINE does not assume or have any responsibility
or liability whatsoever for any reader/member comments, or opinions.
If you should have questions about our privacy or legal policies,
please contact us by e-mail.
HOME
BACK ISSUES
ONLINE EDITION
SUBSCRIBE
USER CENTER
CONTACT US
E-mail
PRIVACY POLICY
CONTACT US
E-mail
Web
HotGlass.com
GlassLine.net
LampWorkers.com
Copyright ©
1995-2020 GLASS LINE. All Rights Reserved.
All trademarks mentioned herein belong to their respective owners.
Last Modified: Thursday, 19-Dec-2019 08:15:08 MST