http://www.rateashow.com/privacy.html
Now you can let the Networks know what YOU want to watch!
Privacy Policy / Disclaimer
RateAShow.com is a subsidiary of Bay Net
Communications. In the following disclaimer
RateAShow.com and Bay Net Communications will be
referred to as "US", "OUR", or
"WE". Any advertiser, user or member will be
referred to as "YOU", "PERSON" or
"PERSONS".
First and foremost, Rate A Show is intended for entertainment usage only. Whereas we have taken precautionary measures to assure fair and honest calculation of votes on our polls, this is the Internet, and out in Internet land there are a host of unscrupulous people with nothing better to do with their time than to try a devise ways to bypass security measures.
RateAShow.com does not promote the activity of
selling of collected information to other companies. Any
information we collect from you will be used solely
within this company. Our servers collect I.P. addresses
on every computer using our service, as do most other servers on the Internet. This practice is
common throughout the industry. They are used solely to
resolve technical problems.
Message Boards
While using the services offered on this site we
suggest you use common sense and discretion when placing
or responding to postings on our site. All persons
placing or responding to postings on this service are
unknown to us. Under no circumstances should you offer or
reveal any personal information on yourself that cannot
be readily gained in the public sector.
Any persons registering or using this site do so at their
own risk. Although we are under no obligation to review
messages posted on our site, we do reserve the right to
monitor and alter or delete any materials we feel is in
any way offensive to other viewers. All persons posting
on our site are solely responsible for the content of
their postings and shall be held personally accountable
for any violations of the law. Any person who is involved
with fraud, cyber-stalking or harassing behavior or
advertising or posting information that is proven or
believed to promote violence, racism, hate crimes,
pornography, prostitution, sexism, vulgarity or any other
illegal action will be reported to the proper
authorities. We offer no guarantee to the validity of any
pictures, images or information posted on this site.
Any persons using these public areas must do so with
courtesy to other users. Use of offensive language in our
public areas will not be tolerated. Continued use of
offensive language will cause termination of your right
to use our service. We shall retain the right to
determine what language is considered offensive. Passing
out, or letting other persons use your password to access
our site will be grounds for termination of your account.
Affiliate, Partners and Linked Sites / Pages
RateAShow has many affiliates,
partners, and links throughout the site. We are not
responsible for any practices these connected companies
adhere to. WE HIGHLY SUGGEST THAT YOU READ THEIR POLICIES
BEFORE ENTERING ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION ON THEIR SITES.
You can find the policies listed somewhere on the
questioned sites (usually at the bottom of the home
page). If you cannot locate the polices it should be
assumed by you that they not only collect all information
they can, but also sale it to advertising companies and
that if you do submit private personal information on
these sites that they will abuse it to the fullest extent
possible!!!
Copyright Info
Any and all content used on RateAShow
is the sole property of ours or used with permission and
consent of the copyright owner. Some items appearing in
our poll section have been forwarded to us for usage.
These items have been used throughout the Internet and
are considered open for usage in the public domain. If
you believe that your work has been copied in a way that
constitutes copyright infringement . We encourage links to our site from others. If
you would like to use portions of our site for
promotional usage
.
By Using this site you hereby agree to defend,
indemnify and hold harmless all individual's and
companies described in the aforementioned as
"US", "OUR", or "WE" or any
others involved in the production or promotion of this
site from any and all claims or actions resulting from
your use of this site including, but not limited to any
violations of this agreement.
Like Our Site?Tell a Friend Abut it.Enter recipient's e-mail address:
Home
|
Privacy Policy / Disclaimer
|
|
|
Link To Us
Program schedules are subject to change. Times are Eastern and Pacific time zones.Not all network affiliates carry the network programs at their listed time.Please consult your local stations for current programs.