http://www.livingenglish.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy – Living English®
Skip to content
About us
Workshops
Presenting to Camera
Courses
On-Line Training
Contact us
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Data Privacy Notice
Your personal data – what is it?
Personal data relates to a living individual who can be identified from that data. Identification can be by the information alone or in conjunction with any other information in the data controllers’ possession or likely to come into such possession. The processing of personal data is governed by the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (the ‘GDPR’).
Who are we?
We are LIVING ENGLISH and we are the data controller and the data processor. This means that we decide how your personal data is processed, and for what purposes, and process your data. Our registered offices are located at 8 Dighton Road, London SW18 1AN.
How do we process your personal data?
LIVING ENGLISH complies with its obligations under the GDPR by keeping personal data up to date, by storing and destroying it securely; by not collecting or retaining excessive amounts of data; by protecting personal data from loss, misuse, unauthorised access and disclosure and by ensuring that appropriate technical measures are in place to protect personal data.
We may use your personal data for the following purposes:
– To administer your courses;
– To maintain our own accounts and records;
– To send you marketing material and updates about LIVING ENGLISH.
What is the legal basis for processing your personal data?
Under Article 6 (1a) of the GDPR, the legal basis that LIVING ENGLISH employs for processing your personal data is that you, the ‘Data Subject’ have given us your consent to the processing of your personal data for one or more specific purposes, as described in this Data Privacy Notice.
Sharing your personal data
Your personal data will be treated as being strictly confidential, and will never be shared without your consent.
All the personal data that we hold about you will be processed by our staff in the United Kingdom, and no third parties will have access to your personal data without your consent, or unless there is a legal obligation for us to provide them with this information. Please be aware however that your personal data may be stored on a cloud-based system whose servers are located within the European Union.
How long do we keep your personal data for?
We will keep your personal data securely for a maximum of 10 years, after which time it will be destroyed securely if it is no longer needed for the lawful purposes for which it was obtained. If you consent to receiving marketing from us, any information we use for this purpose will be held by us until such time as you notify us that you no longer wish to receive marketing information from us. Should you cease to be a student of LIVING ENGLISH, we shall destroy any personal data that we hold about you securely.
Your rights and your personal data
Unless subject to an exemption under the GDPR, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data:
– to request a copy of your personal data which LIVING ENGLISH holds about you;
– to request that LIVING ENGLISH corrects any of your personal data if it is found to be inaccurate or out of date;
– to request your personal data to be erased where it is no longer necessary for LIVING ENGLISH to retain such data;
– to withdraw your consent to the processing of your personal data at any time;
– to request that LIVING ENGLISH provides you with your personal data, and where possible, to transmit the data directly to another data controller (known as the right to data portability);
– where there is a dispute in relation to the accuracy or processing of your personal data, to request a restriction is placed on further processing;
– to object to the processing of your personal data with regards to Direct Marketing;
– to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO).
Access to your information and correction
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. If you would like a copy of all or some of your personal information, please email or write to us at the addresses provided in the “Contact Details” section of this Data Privacy Notice. In some cases, we may make a small charge for this service.
We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. You may ask us to correct or remove information you think is inaccurate.
Marketing
We would like to send you information about products and services of ours and other companies within our group which may be of interest to you. If you have consented to receive marketing, you may opt out at a later date.
You have a right at any time to stop us from contacting you for marketing purposes or giving your information to other entities within our group. If you no longer wish to be contacted for marketing purposes, please email or write to us at the addresses provided in the ‘Contact Details’ section of this Data Privacy Notice.
Automated Decision Making
We use automated decision making to segment and target product offers based on our customers’ demands and needs. For further details, you may contact our Data Protection Officers whose details are provided in the ‘Contact Details’ section of this Data Privacy Notice.
Further processing
If we wish to use your personal data for a new purpose, not defined by this Data Privacy Notice, then we will provide you with a new notice explaining this new use prior to the commencement of the new processing and setting out the relevant purposes and processing conditions. Where and whenever necessary, we will seek your prior consent to the new processing.
Cookies
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard internet log information and visitor behaviour information. This information is used to track visitor use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity.
For further information please visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
Other websites
Contact Details
To exercise all relevant rights, or to raise queries or complaints, please in the first instance contact the Director of LIVING ENGLISH:
By email:
liz@livingenglish.co.uk
By post:
The Director
LIVING ENGLISH
8 Dighton Road
London SW18 1AN
You can contact the Information Commissioner’s Office on 0303 123 1113 or via email https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/email/ or by post at The Information Commissioner’s Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire SK9 5AF
Proudly powered by WordPress
|
Theme: Sydney by aThemes.