https://www.rareproductions.co.uk/about/privacy-policy
PRIVACY POLICY
October 11, 2017Your privacy is critically important to us. At RARE Productions, we have a few fundamental principles:We don’t ask you for personal information unless we truly need it. (We can’t stand services that ask you for things like your gender or income level for no apparent reason.)We don’t share your personal information with anyone except to comply with the law, develop our products, or protect our rights.We don’t store personal information on our servers or the offsite servers of the third party service providers we use to provide our core services unless required for the on-going operation of one of our services.In our social networking and mobile application products, we aim to make it as simple as possible for you to control is what visible to the public, seen by search engines, kept private, and permanently deleted.Below is our privacy policy, which incorporates these goals:RARE Productions operates several websites including RARE Productions (collectively, the “Websites”), as well as a number of mobile applications on behalf of our customers (collectively, the “Applications”). It is RARE Productions policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our Websites and Applications.Non-Personally-Identifying InformationRARE Productions collects, or may have a third-party service collect, non-personally-identifying information of the sort that mobile applications typically make available, such as the type of device using the Application, the operating system, location information, and aggregated user statistics. For instance, RARE Productions may monitor the most popular features of the Application. RARE Productions’ purpose in collecting non-personally-identifying information is to better understand how users utilize the Application. From time to time, RARE Productions may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing or disclosing to third parties a report on trends in the usage of the Application or of mobile applications including the Application.Personally Identifying InformationCertain users of the Application choose to interact with RARE Productions in ways that require RARE Productions to gather personally identifying information. The amount and type of information that RARE Productions gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask users who log in to a social network through the Application to provide a username and an email address. Those who engage in transactions with RARE Productions are asked to provide additional personally-identifying information, including, as necessary, their first and last name, physical address, telephone number, and additional data such as financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, RARE Productions collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfil the purpose of the user interaction with RARE Productions. RARE Productions does not share personally identifying information other than as described below. Users can always refuse to supply personally identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Application-related activities.Sharing of Personally-Identifying InformationRARE Productions shares personally-identifying information only with those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on RARE Production’s behalf or to provide services available through the Application, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. For instance, RARE Productions uses third party vendors and hosting partners to provide the necessary hardware, software, networking, data storage, and related technology required to run the services available through the Application. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using the Application you consent to the transfer of such information to them and their potential sub-contractors. RARE Productions will not rent or sell personally identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, RARE Productions discloses personally-identifying information only when required to do so by law, or when RARE Productions believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of RARE Productions, third parties or the public at large.Use of Email Addresses and Push NotificationsIf you are a user of the Application and have supplied your email address, RARE Productions may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what is going on with RARE Productions and our products. We primarily use our various product blogs to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum.With your consent, RARE Productions may also send push notifications or alerts to the device you use to access the Application. Such notifications can reach you even when you are not logged in to the Application or the Application is not running on your device. RARE Productions uses push notifications to send you messages related to the services provided through the Application or to make available to you general information regarding RARE Productions and its products. You can deactivate push notifications in the settings of your device at any time.Protection of InformationRARE Productions takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration, loss, or destruction of personally identifying information.CookiesA cookie is a string of information that a web server stores on a user’s computer or other device, and that the user’s device provides back to the web server each time the user returns. RARE Productions uses cookies as part of the Application to remember your user preferences and make available to you the services provided through the Application. By using the Application you consent to the use of cookies by RARE Productions as described above.Do-Not-Track DisclosuresNeither RARE Productions nor any third party engages in the collection of personally identifiable information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or online services when you are accessing or using the Application. For this reason, the Application does not respond to “Do Not Track” signals or other mechanisms providing you the ability to exercise choice regarding the collection of such information.Age LimitationThe Application is not directed and should not be available to children under 13 years of age. We do not knowingly collect any kind of personal information from children under 13 years of age. If you are under the age of 13, do not use the Application or otherwise provide us with personal information. If we become aware that such information has been collected, we will immediately delete such information. If any parent or guardian learns or otherwise becomes aware of a child under 13 years of age using the Application or otherwise providing personal information to us, please contact us.Review of and Changes to Personally Identifying InformationEmail us at ben@creativapps.co.uk to find out what personally identifying information we have collected about you and request any necessary changes.Privacy Policy ChangesAlthough most changes are likely to be minor, RARE Productions may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in RARE Productions’ sole discretion. Changes to the Privacy Policy will be effective as of the date we post the revised version on this page or make it otherwise accessible through the Application as a notification and will apply only to our collection, use and sharing of information after such date. RARE Productions encourages users to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a RARE Productions account, you should also check your social network dashboard for alerts to these changes. After the effective date of any change in this Privacy Policy, your continued use of the Application, other than to review the revised version of this Privacy Policy, will constitute your acceptance of such change.Your ConsentBy using the Application, you declare your consent to our collection, use, and sharing of any information pertaining to you as described in this Privacy Policy.IF YOU DO NOT CONSENT TO OUR COLLECTION, USE, AND SHARING OF YOUR INFORMATION AS DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE EXIT AND DO NOT USE THE APPLICATION.Effective DateThe effective date of this Privacy Policy is displayed at the top of its first page.License InformationNote: This Privacy Policy document is available under a Creative Commons Share alike license. This document is derived from the original work by Automattic , San Francisco, California, authors of the world famous Wordpress.com.
Would you like to work for RARE
Go To RARE Jobs Page
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
X
X