http://www.shots.net/terms
theAwards
Europe
Americas
theWork
theCraft
theTalent
theInspiration
theNews
theInsight
theShowcase
theFocus
theWork
The best new work, curated by shots.
theCraft
Q&As and behind-the-scenes.
theTalent
The people who make the spots you love.
theInspiration
Inspiration for creative minds.
theNews
Industry moves and breaking campaigns.
theInsight
Thought-pieces and opinions.
theShowcase
Showreels and monthly round-ups.
theFocus
Our monthly digital magazine.
Information
shots Awards Europe
shots Awards Americas
shots Presents
Source Membership
About Shots
Newsletter
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
This is the Terms & Conditions page.
Subscription Terms & Conditions
1. These terms and conditions apply to subscriptions of shots
2. Your subscription will be fulfilled by shots, which is part of Extreme Reach UK Limited, a company registered in England and Wales under registered number 09939311 whose registered office is at The Broadgate Tower Third Floor, 20 Primrose Street, London, United Kingdom, EC2A 2RS.
3. Your subscription shall be on these terms to the exclusion of all other terms and conditions of business, including any that you may send to us when placing, renewing or paying for a subscription. We may vary these terms at any time.
4. For current prices, contact us at shots@extremereach.com or by telephone on + 44 207 2975900.
5. Unless otherwise agreed, your subscription will not begin until we have received payment in full cleared funds for your subscription term.
6. You may not cancel your subscription before the end of your subscription term and there shall be no refund of any subscription fees paid.
7. The prices quoted for shots include delivery.
8. We will use reasonable endeavours to contact you towards the end of your subscription term to remind you to renew your subscription if you wish to do so.
9. We deliver printed issues of shots to the address you give to us when you place or renew a subscription. Please notify us at shots@extremereach.com or by telephone on + 44 207 2975900 if you change address. We will not be liable to you for any non-delivery to you if you fail to notify us of a change of address. We will also not be liable to you for any delay in delivery or non-delivery if such delay or failure is due to circumstances beyond our, or our agents, control, such as power failure, fire, flood, government act, strikes, labour disputes or malicious damage involving employees.
10. Each username and password to shots.net is for a single user. A user will receive a user name and password in order to do so. Only the specified user can access the service with that user name and password. You may not make available a single subscription to multiple users on a network or otherwise and you are responsible for preventing unauthorised use. If you believe that there has been unauthorised use, you must promptly notify us at shots@extremereach.com or by telephone on + 44 207 2975900. Additional users based at a different location may be purchased at the full rate. Subscribers shall indemnify shots against all costs, losses or expenses resulting from any unauthorised use of a user name and/or password by any unnamed user or third party.
11. All rights in the content of shots.net, including, but not limited to, text, images, sound, software (including, code, interface and website structure), video and look and feel, design and compilation are owned by shots or its licensors. No part of any such content may be reproduced in any form (save downloads necessary to access shots.net) without our prior written permission or as permitted by law. You may only use the content for your own requirements in the course of your business.
12. We use reasonable endeavours to ensure that all information contained in your subscription products is accurate and up-to-date at the time of publication, but all warranties, conditions and terms implied by statute or common law are excluded to the fullest extent permitted by law. Nothing in these terms excludes our liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence or for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation.
13. We shall not be liable for any loss of profits, loss of business, depletion of goodwill and/or similar losses or pure economic loss, or for any special, indirect or consequential losses, costs, damages or expenses however arising. Our total aggregate liability in contract, tort (including negligence or breach of statutory duty), misrepresentation or otherwise, arising in connection with the performance of these terms shall be limited to the price paid for your subscription during the 12 months preceding the date on which the claim arose.
14. We use any personal and transactional information (e.g. name, address, e-mail address, debit or credit card details) you supply to us in order to fulfil your subscription, and to contact you to renew your subscription.
15. You may not assign, sub-license, sub-contract or otherwise transfer to any third party (including any group company) your rights and/or obligations under these terms. We may assign, sub-license, sub-contract or transfer our rights to any third party at any time.
16. We may terminate your subscription immediately without a refund if you breach any of these terms. Failure by us to enforce any provision of these terms shall not be deemed to be a waiver of our right to do so.
17. These terms shall be governed by the laws of England and Wales and you submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of England.
18. Any claims for missing printed issues must be submitted in writing to shots@extremereach.com within 3 months of the publication date of that issue. Replacements for notifications outside of this time period have to be paid for.
19. No changes to invoice details can be made after the order has been processed if we were not informed of the changes at the time of the order being placed.
Terms of Use
1.	Introduction
1. This website ("the Website") is operated by Extreme Reach UK Limited, Company Number 09939311 (England) and whose registered address is The Broadgate Tower Third Floor, 20 Primrose Street, London, United Kingdom, EC2A 2RS.
2. Please read these Terms & Conditions carefully before using the Website. By accessing any part of the Website, you shall be deemed to have accepted these Terms & Conditions in full, regardless of whether or not you choose to register as a member on the Website. If you do not accept these Terms & Conditions, you must leave the Website immediately.
3. Extreme Reach UK Limited may revise these Terms & Conditions at any time by posting an update on the Website. Your continued use of the Website after any such change constitutes your acceptance of the new Terms & Conditions and they shall be binding on you. You should therefore check the Website from time to time to review the then current Terms & Conditions. These Terms & Conditions were last updated in August 2018.
2.	Disclaimer
1. Whilst Extreme Reach UK Limited endeavours to ensure that the Website is normally available 24 hours a day, it shall not be liable if for any reason the Website is unavailable at any time or for any period. Access to the Website may be suspended temporarily and without notice in the case of system failure, maintenance or repair or for any other reasonable cause.
2. You acknowledge that whilst Extreme Reach UK Limited endeavours to ensure that information on the Website and any related material provided to you by Extreme Reach UK Limited, whether by email or otherwise (“the Extreme Reach UK Limited Materials”)) is accurate and complete, it is provided only for general information, is not intended to address your particular requirements and does not constitute any form of advice or recommendation by Extreme Reach UK Limited. You acknowledge that the Extreme Reach UK Limited Materials should not be relied upon by you in making (or refraining from making) any specific investment or other business or personal decisions and acknowledge that professional advice should be obtained before making any such decision. Finally, you acknowledge that some of the content may be supplied by third parties and the accuracy and completeness of it will not have been checked by Extreme Reach UK Limited.
3. Extreme Reach UK Limited will use reasonable endeavours to ensure that the Website and the Extreme Reach UK Limited Materials do not contain or promulgate any viruses or other malicious code. However, it is recommended that you should virus check all such materials and regularly check for the presence of viruses and other malicious code.
3.	Use of Website Content
1. All intellectual property rights in the Extreme Reach UK Limited Materials are reserved by Extreme Reach UK Limited or its licensors or users (as applicable).
2. You agree that in using the Extreme Reach UK Limited Materials you shall (except where otherwise agreed in writing with Extreme Reach UK Limited):
a. use them only in accordance with the following permitted uses:
i. viewing them on a computer screen and printing not more than one copy of them (and not further copying them);
ii. where and to the extent (only) that permission to download and store them is specifically granted in the relevant Extreme Reach UK Limited Materials (if at all), downloading and storing the content on the hard disk of your computer or portable media but not making any further transfer or copy of it; and
iii. making only such other use (if any) of them as may be specifically authorised in the Extreme Reach UK Limited Materials.
For the avoidance of doubt, you agree not to distribute, reproduce, modify, store, transfer or in any other way use any of the Extreme Reach UK Limited Materials (including as part of any database, library, news, information, archive, website or similar service) other than as set out above.
b. not create a database (electronic or otherwise) that includes any Extreme Reach UK Limited Materials;
c. not disseminate advertisements on the Website or use the Extreme Reach UK Limited Materials for any other commercial purposes (which would include using them to promote or encourage the sale of your goods/services);
d. not transmit or re-circulate any Extreme Reach UK Limited Materials to any third party (unless specifically authorised to do so by Extreme Reach UK Limited);
e. not remove the copyright or trade mark notice(s) from the Extreme Reach UK Limited Materials;
f. not disseminate any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising, promotional materials, "junk mail," "spam," "chain letters," "pyramid schemes," or any other form of solicitation;
g. not disseminate any material which is or may infringe the rights (including intellectual property rights) of any third party or be unlawful, threatening, defamatory, obscene, indecent, offensive, pornographic, abusive, liable to incite racial hatred, discriminatory, menacing, scandalous, inflammatory, blasphemous, in breach of confidence, in breach of privacy, which may cause annoyance or inconvenience or may restrict or inhibit the use of the Website by any person or which constitutes or encourages conduct that may be considered a criminal offence or give rise to civil liability in any country in the world;
h. not disseminate any material which does or may bring Extreme Reach UK Limited or any of its brands or subsidiaries into dispute or in any way damage their reputation;
i. not disseminate any material that may interrupt, damage, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment, including, without limitation, computer viruses, logic bombs, Trojan horses, worms, harmful components, corrupted data or other malicious software or harmful data; and
j. not post link(s) that take users to material that contravenes any of the above restrictions.
3. Additional terms may apply to:
a. any purchases you make through the Website;
b. registration to the Website and/or any other email alert or other related services; and
c. any promotion, competition or draw appearing on the Website.
4.	Use of Software
Copyright in any software that is made available for download from the Website and/or the Extreme Reach UK Limited Materials belongs to Extreme Reach UK Limited or its suppliers. Your use of the software is governed by the terms of any licence agreement that may accompany or be included with it. Do not install or use any software unless you agree to such licence agreement.
5.	User Generated Content
1. The pages of the Website where you are capable of posting content are provided for your private, non-commercial exchange of lawful, relevant, fair and appropriate information, opinions and comment. Use of the Website that is inconsistent with those stated purposes is strictly prohibited. By submitting any content to the Website, you:
a. grant Extreme Reach UK Limited the right to use such content and all material embodied therein for any purposes including, without limitation, to edit, copy, reproduce, translate, disclose, post and/or remove such content from the Website and hereby waive all of the moral rights that you have under Chapter IV of the Copyright, Design and Patents Act 1988 in respect of any material you post to the Website;
b. warrant to Extreme Reach UK Limited that all such content complies with the provisions of Clause 3.2; and
c. acknowledge that Extreme Reach UK Limited may require you to confirm the above rights and warranties and agree to do so within 7 days of any request from Extreme Reach UK Limited.
2. Extreme Reach UK Limited reserves the right (but not the obligation) at its sole discretion to refuse or remove any content that is posted to, or available on, the Website without the need to give any reasons for doing so. However, Extreme Reach UK Limited will not review the materials that you or anyone else makes to the Website and therefore, unless we are specifically notified of the nature of any item of content, you cannot assume that Extreme Reach UK Limited is aware of it. If you object to the publication of any material placed on the Website please contact Extreme Reach UK Limited using the Web Editor contact details shown on the “Contact Us” section of the Website and we will take whatever action we deem appropriate.
3. Extreme Reach UK Limited accepts no responsibility for any statements, material or other submissions placed on the Website by users.
6.	Links to and from other websites
1. Links on the Website to third party websites are provided solely for your convenience. If you use these links, you leave the Website. Extreme Reach UK Limited has not reviewed these third party websites and does not control and is not responsible for these websites or their content or availability. Extreme Reach UK Limited therefore does not endorse or make any representations about them, or any material found on them, or any results that may be obtained from using them. If you decide to access any of the third party websites linked to the Website, you do so entirely at your own risk.
2. You may link to the home page of the Website but strictly only on the basis that you do not replicate the home page of the Website, and subject to the following conditions:
a. you do not create a frame or any other browser or border environment around the Website;
b. you do not in any way imply any endorsement by Extreme Reach UK Limited other than with its written consent or misrepresent your relationship with Extreme Reach UK Limited;
c. you do not use any logos or trade marks displayed on the Website without the express written permission of Extreme Reach UK Limited;
d. you do not link from a website that is not owned by you; and
e. your website does not contain content that is distasteful, offensive or controversial, that infringes any intellectual property rights or other rights of any other person or otherwise does not comply with all applicable laws and regulations.
3. You may link to other pages of the Website only with the prior written consent of Extreme Reach UK Limited and subject always to the obligations set out in Clause 6.2. If you wish to do so, please contact Extreme Reach UK Limited using the Web Editor contact details shown on the “Contact Us” section of the Website.
7.	Registration
1. To access certain parts of the Website, Extreme Reach UK Limited may require you to register and provide certain information about yourself. Such registration shall be subject to specific terms of registration. When you register you also agree to:
a. provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the relevant registration form (such information being the "Registration Data"); and
b. contact the Web Editor shown on the “Contact Us” section of the Website in the event that you wish to update your Registration Data.
2. Where you register on the Website, you will be allocated a user name and password. These account details must be used solely by you; sharing your user name and password with any other person or making it available to multiple users on a network is strictly prohibited. Accordingly, you agree to:
a. maintain the security of your user name and password and be fully responsible for all use of the Website made using your user name and password;
b. immediately notify Extreme Reach UK Limited if you become aware of any unauthorised use of your user name and password or any other breach of security by sending an appropriately worded email to shots@extremereach.com; and
c. ensure that you exit from your website account at the end of each session.
Extreme Reach UK Limited cannot and will not be liable for any losses, damages or costs arising from your failure to comply with these requirements.
8.	Trade Marks
All Extreme Reach UK Limited trade marks (whether registered or unregistered) and graphics, logos, designs, page headers and button icons are the intellectual property rights of Extreme Reach UK Limited and neither they nor any confusingly similar versions may be used by you including (but not limited to) as part of any trade marks and/or domain names without the prior written consent of Extreme Reach UK Limited other than for the purpose of referring to Extreme Reach UK Limited and its associated brands lawfully and in good faith (only).
9.	Suspension of access to the Website and User Indemnities
1. If, for any reason, Extreme Reach UK Limited believes that you have not complied with any of these Terms & Conditions it may, at its sole discretion, cancel your access to the registration sections of the Website immediately and without giving you any advance notice.
2. Without prejudice to the provisions of Clause 9.1, you agree to compensate Extreme Reach UK Limited in respect of any claims, losses, expenses and/or liabilities (including legal fees) which arise from your use of the Website and/or the Extreme Reach UK Limited Materials (or by a third party using your user name and password) including in particular (but not limited to) any statements, contributions or other content posted on the Website or any breach of Clause 3.2.
10.	Limitation of Extreme Reach UK Limited's Liability
1. Extreme Reach UK Limited will not be liable to you for any loss or damage caused by Extreme Reach UK Limited or its employees or sub-contractors in circumstances where:
a. there is no breach of a legal duty of care owed to you by Extreme Reach UK Limited (or its employees or sub-contractors); or
b. such loss or damage is not a reasonably foreseeable result of any such breach; or
c. in respect of any increase in the loss or damage resulting from your actions.
2. Without prejudice to Clause 10.1 but subject to Clause 10.3, any liability of Extreme Reach UK Limited arising in respect of your use of the Website and/or the Extreme Reach UK Limited Materials (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) shall be limited in aggregate to five hundred pounds sterling (£500) per event unless otherwise agreed in writing between us.
3. Nothing in these Terms & Conditions shall exclude or limit Extreme Reach UK Limited's liability for:
a. death or personal injury caused by the negligence of Extreme Reach UK Limited and/or its employees negligence; or
b. fraudulent misrepresentation by Extreme Reach UK Limited and/or its employees.
11.	Privacy and Cookies Policy
The provision of personal information by you and use of it and cookies by Extreme Reach UK Limited is subject to Extreme Reach UK Limited's Privacy and Cookies Policy available as a link to this Website.
12. General
1. In the event that any provision of these Terms & Conditions is held to be invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of these Terms & Conditions shall remain valid and enforceable.
2. These Terms & Conditions shall be governed by the laws of England and Wales and the courts of England and Wales shall have exclusive jurisdiction.
Please note your calls to Extreme Reach UK Limited may be recorded for training and quality control purposes.
shots is giving you a gift this holiday season!
<path d="M0 0v140h140V0H0zM128.5 128.5h-117v-117h117V128.5zM31.3 75.7c-2.6 0-4.8-0.7-7-1.8l-1.8 4c2.1 1.4 5.2 2.3 8.4 2.3 4.5 0 8.2-1.6 8.2-6.3 0-4-3.1-5.3-6.7-6.5 -3.6-1.1-4.2-1.5-4.2-2.3 0-0.9 0.6-1.3 2.7-1.3 1.7 0 3.9 0.5 5.9 1.6l1.7-4.2c-2.1-1.2-4.9-2-7.4-2 -4.7 0-8 1.8-8 6 0 4.2 3.1 5.4 7.9 6.9 2.2 0.7 2.9 1.1 2.9 2C34 75.2 33.4 75.7 31.3 75.7zM48.6 68.8c0-3.5 1.3-4.6 3.4-4.6 2.2 0 3.4 1.1 3.4 4.7v10.9h5.3V68.5c0-5.7-2.3-9.2-7.4-9.2 -2.1 0-3.8 0.8-4.7 1.8v-9.1l-5.3 2.6v25.3h5.3V68.8zM73 80.2c5.2 0 9.1-4.3 9.1-10.4 0-6.2-3.9-10.5-9.1-10.5 -5.2 0-9.1 4.3-9.1 10.5C64 76 67.8 80