https://www.hearthsideinspirations.com/wpautoterms/terms-and-conditions/
Last updated: March 18, 2019Please read these Terms of Use (“Terms”, “Terms of Use”) carefully before using the https://www.hearthsideinspirations.com website (the “Service”) operated by Hearthside Inspirations (“us”, “we”, or “our”).Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Service.Privacy PolicyThe Service’s Privacy Policy is part of, and subject to, these terms and conditions of use. You may review our Privacy Policy on the Privacy Policy page of this website. To the extent there is a conflict of terms, the terms of the Privacy Policy shall govern.AccountsWhen you create an account with us, you must provide us information that is accurate, complete, and current at all times. Failure to do so constitutes a breach of the Terms, which may result in immediate termination of your account on our Service.You are responsible for safeguarding the password that you use to access the Service and for any activities or actions under your password, whether your password is with our Service or a third-party service.You agree not to disclose your password to any third party. You must notify us immediately upon becoming aware of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account.Intellectual PropertyThe Service and its original content, features and functionality are and will remain the exclusive property of Hearthside Inspirations and its licensors.You agree not to copy or reproduce content from the Service without written permission. Requests to use content available on this Service should be addressed to Kathy Galloway and submitted by email to kathy@hearthsideinspirations.com or by mail to PO Box 1613, Afton, WY 83110.Links To Other Web SitesOur Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by Hearthside Inspirations. Hearthside Inspirations has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that Hearthside Inspirations shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services that you visit.TerminationWe may terminate or suspend access to our Service immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if you breach the Terms.All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.We may terminate or suspend your account immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if you breach the Terms.Upon termination, your right to use the Service will immediately cease. If you wish to terminate your account, you may simply discontinue using the Service.All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.DisclaimerYour use of the Service is at your sole risk. The Service is provided on an “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” basis. The Service is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or course of performance.Information on the Service is for informational purposes only and should not be construed to be professional advice. We do not guarantee the accuracy of the information provided and assume no responsibility or liability for any loss or damages resulting from your use of the information provided.IndemnificationYou understand and agree that you will indemnify, defend and hold us and our affiliates (if any) harmless from any liability, loss, claim and expense arising from your use of the Service or your violation of these terms, conditions, and policies.Governing LawYou agree to obey all applicable laws while using the Service.These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of United States without regard to its conflict of law provisions.You also agree that any dispute between you and us, excluding any intellectual property right infringement claims we pursue against you, shall be settled solely by confidential binding arbitration per the American Arbitration Association commercial arbitration rules. All claims must be arbitrated on an individual basis and cannot be consolidated in any arbitration with any claim or controversy of anyone else. All arbitration must occur in Lincoln County, Wyoming, United States. Each party shall bear one half of the arbitration fees and costs incurred, and each party is responsible for its own lawyer fees.Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have between us regarding the Service.Health DisclaimersAny references to physical or mental health on the Service are for informational or educational purposes. The materials on the Service are provided “as is” and without warranties of any kind either express or implied.Not a Substitute for Professional Medical Advice or Treatment. The Service’s content is not a substitute for direct, personal, professional medical care and diagnosis. The information contained on the Service is not intended to provide specific physical or mental health advice or diagnosis whatsoever and should not be relied upon in that regard. We are not medical professionals and nothing on this website should be misconstrued to mean otherwise.For people in poor health or with pre-existing physical or mental health conditions there may be risks associated with participating in activities mentioned on the Service or using the products or procedures described or sold on the Service. If you choose to participate in such activities or use such products or procedures, you agree that you do so of your own free will, knowingly and voluntarily assuming all risks associated with such activities, products or procedures.All data on the Service is to be used for informational purposes only. Products and services described and sold are offered only in jurisdictions where they may be legally offered. Though information provided is believed to be accurate at the time it is published, it is not guaranteed to be all-inclusive nor accurate and should not be relied upon to be so.You agree to hold Hearthside Inspirations, its owners, agents, and employees harmless from any and all liability for all claims for damages due to injuries, including attorney fees and costs, incurred by you or caused to third parties by you, arising from participating in the activities or using the products or procedures discussed and sold on the Service, excepting only claims for gross negligence or intentional tort.Comments and ReviewsIf you post content on the Service (e.g. comments, product reviews, photos, etc.), you represent that you have the legal right to share such content, that the content is accurate, and that it does not violate the law or these terms and conditions. We reserve the right to edit or delete content you post. However, we are not liable or responsible for content that you and others post on the Service. If claims are made against us because of the content you post, you agree to indemnify and defend us against those claims at your sole expense.Severability Of These Terms and ConditionsIf any part of these terms and conditions are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, that part shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that the remainder of these terms and conditions are fully enforceable and legally binding.ChangesWe reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will try to provide at least 30 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, please stop using the Service.Contact UsIf you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.You may email us at kathy@hearthsideinspirations.com.You may also mail your concerns to us at the following address:Kathy Galloway, PO Box 1613, Afton, WY 83110, USACovid-19Click here to see what we are doing to keep our clients safe.
MenuSign Up for Our Newsletter! Close
Please leave this field emptySubscribe to our newsletter to receive
wellness tips, exclusive offers and news. We promise not to overload your inbox with messages or spam.First nameEmail *Select list(s): Blog Posts New Products & Special Offers Classes & Events
We keep your data private and share your data only with third parties that make this service possible. Please read our privacy policy for a full description of how we use and protect your data.Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.Contact Us Close
Your Name (required) Your Email (required) Subject Your Message Books by Kathy Close Recent Posts Ground Yourself to the Heartbeat of the Earth A Meaningful Life What’s in the Middle
Toggle the Widgetbar
Refunds and Returns - Terms and Conditions - Privacy Policy