http://www.istd.org/terms-and-conditions
Dance
Dance Genres
Teach
Discover
Join
Partner
Examinations
Login to Account
Contact
Shop
Advertise
Document Library
Go Back
Dance Overview
Benefits of Dance
Dance Genres
Events & Courses
Find an ISTD Teacher
Cecchetti Classical Ballet
Classical Indian Dance
Contemporary Dance
Disco, Freestyle & Rock 'n' Roll
Classical Greek
Imperial Classical Ballet
Latin American
Modern Ballroom
Modern Theatre
National
Sequence
Tap Dance
Street
Teach Overview
Progression Routes
Teaching Qualifications
Bursaries & Funding
How to Become a Tutor
Approved Dance Centres
Discover Overview
Our History
Our Governance
Our People
Our Dance Genres
Dance Magazine
News
Job Vacancies
Join Overview
Membership Benefits
Membership Enrolment
Membership Resources
Membership Types
Rejoin
Renew Membership
Partner Overview
Become a Corporate Partner
Become an Approved Dance Centre
Become an ISTD Exam Centre
Current Partners
Examinations
Examinations Structure
DanceSport Syllabus Outlines
Theatre Syllabus Outlines
My Details
Dance Teacher Profile
Terms and Conditions
Please read the following terms and conditions carefully - you may wish to print this page out for future reference.1. Company Details:The Imperial Society of Teachers of Dancing is a company limited by guarantee, registered in England, no. 00392978 and registered charity no. 250397. The registered office is 22/26 Paul Street, London EC2A 4QE and the VAT number is 233 2336 96.2. Contact Details:T: +44 (0)20 7377 15773. The website, its contents, terms and conditions and contracts shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English Law. Those who access the site from other locations are responsible for compliance with their local laws and taxes as applicable.4. The Imperial Society of Teachers of Dancing does not accept any responsibility for any website not under our control, which may act as a portal to our site or be connected by a link with our site.5. As a benefit to customers, the website may include information or links to events which are not entirely organised by the Imperial Society of Teachers of Dancing. The organisation and staging of these events is not within our control. Therefore, the Society is not liable for these events.6. The Society reserves the right to refuse the supply of goods/service at its discretion.7. Sharing and/or reproducing Imperial Society of Teachers of Dancing syllabus material including DVDs, CDs and books is not permitted. A copyright statement is placed on all material. 8. Images Images on ISTD.org, dance-teachers.org and https://shop.istd.org/shop/ must not be downloaded or reproduced for personal, business or promotional purposes. 9. The Imperial Society of Teachers of Dancing is an independent body. Advertising on this site does not imply an endorsement of the advertiser’s products or services by the Society. We reserve the right to refuse to publish or alter advertisements without notice for the purpose of complying with the legal and moral obligations placed on the Society.10. Any disputes not resolved by normal complaints procedure will be resolved exclusively in the courts of England and Wales under English Law.11.  If any provision of these Terms and Conditions shall be unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable then that provision shall be excluded and shall not affect the validity and enforce-ability of the remaining terms and conditions.12. These Terms and Conditions do not affect your statutory rights.13. These Terms and Conditions are subject to change at any time without prior notice. We recommend that you print and keep a copy.
We use cookies on this website to improve your experience – find out more about what they are in our privacy policy gdpr-and-privacy
Accept