http://www.celticradio.net/php/service_mod.php?type=privacy
Welcome Guest ( Log In | Register )
Lost Password   Member Lookup   Resend
Song
Album
Artist
Turn Off Ads
Our Privacy Policy
CelticRadio.net has adopted the following privacy policy as part of our commitment to protect any personal information which you may provide to us through this website or by any other means. Any change to this privacy policy will be posted on this website and will become effective 5 days after posting. Please note that this privacy policy does not apply to other websites linked through CelticRadio.net. Personal information which you choose to provide to other websites will be subject to the privacy policies of those websites.
We will not use or disclose your personal information unless you have given your permission,
except for the following purposes:
to assess, operate and improve CelticRadio.net and the services provided through it;
to keep you informed about CelticRadio.net and our services through our website;
if we are required to disclose such Personal Information by any applicable law, regulation or
legal process.
We will not sell, trade or rent your Personal Information to others unless you have given your
permission. With your permission, we will only share your Personal Information with carefully
chosen, reputable and trustworthy third parties. We will follow the relevant legal requirements
and use all reasonable precautions to ensure that only responsible third parties see your Personal
Information. However, we are not responsible for any breach of security or act or omission of third
parties who receive the Personal Information.
Your Personal Information may be used, transferred to or stored in countries outside your own.
This privacy policy will apply to such Personal Information whether or not required under the laws of
each country.
In addition to the use of your Personal Information as described above, we may also gather
anonymous information which may be used by us or shared with third parties. This is information
which does not identify you, but which may be helpful for marketing purposes or for improving our
website or the services provided through it.
CelticRadio.net may, from time to time, use Cookies. Cookies are pieces of information that a
website transfers to your computer's hard disk for record keeping purposes and they can make the
World Wide Web more useful by storing information about your preferences on a particular site. The
use of Cookies is normal practice in the industry and many major websites use them to provide useful
features for their customers. Cookies do not personally identify users but they do identify a user's
computer. Most browsers are initially set to accept Cookies. If you prefer, you can set your
Internet browser to refuse Cookies.
In all cases, CelticRadio.net operates under highest ethical standards in protecting and administering our users confidential Personal Information.
If you should have any questions about our privacy policy, please contact us.
Turn Off Ads
Celtic Radio is a TorontoCast radio station that is based in Canada. TorontoCast provides music license coverage through SOCAN. © Celtic Radio Network, Highlander Radio, Celtic Moon, Celtic Dance Tavern, Ye O' Celtic Pub, Celt-Rock-Radio.
All rights and trademarks reserved. Read our Privacy Policy.
Celtic Graphics ©, Cari Buziak
Link to CelticRadio.net
Best Viewed With Chrome (1680 x 1050 Resolution), Javascript & Cookies Enabled.
[Home]
[Top]