http://www.postcards.org/postcards/privacy.html
1001 Postcards Privacy Policy
use your back button to return to the previous page, or click here to go to our homepage
1001 Postcards, and its advertisers and affiliates are deeply committed to protecting the privacy of Internet users. Below is information outlining our continued support for the responsible management of consumer information.
Personal Information
1001 Postcards will never share your personally identifiable information (name, postal address, phone number, email address, etc.) with any third party without your explicit permission, unless it is required to comply with the law or with legal process.
Consistent with the Federal Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA), we will never knowingly request Personally Identifiable Information from anyone under the age of 13 without requesting verifiable parental consent.
Non-Personal Information
1001 Postcards may, however, share non-personal, non-individual information in aggregate form with third parties for business purposes.
For example, we may tell our business partners how many customers in certain demographic groups sent certain cards.
This information will never include any content that can be identifiably linked to you (or any individual).
Contacting You
We will never contact you unless you request us to do so.
We never send spam.
Retrieving Cookies
1001 Postcards retrieves personal information about our users only during the process of sending or picking up postcards for the 1001 Postcards service, with the use of "cookie" technology as you use the service.
We respect your right to privacy.
The data we collect from cookies and other places is used solely for the purpose of delivering and retrieving postcards.
(For example, once you've sent or received one card, your name and email address will be pre-entered into the personalization form for the next card.)
If you do not wish to have this information stored on your computer, you may remove all 1001 Postcards cookies from your computer here.
Postcard Content On Our Servers
Information maintained on our servers is limited to the content of cards filled out by the sender.
This information may contain some or all of the following: the names and email addresses of both the sender and recipient; the IP address of the sender; the date the message was sent; and the message itself.
This information is presented when the card is picked up, and not at any other time.
Cards are maintained for 60 days, and then are deleted from our system.
When you send one of our cards, the information you provide to us is used to customize your greeting with the recipient's name and with your message, and to deliver an email notification to the recipient. We treat our cards as private correspondence between the sender and the recipient and will not disclose the contents of a card, other than to the intended recipient, unless we are required to do so by law or we in good faith believe that such action is necessary to (1) comply with the law or with legal process; (2) protect and defend our rights and property; (3) protect against misuse or unauthorized use of 1001 Postcards; or (4) protect the personal safety or property of our users or the public. However, if you provide a false email address or attempt to pose as someone else when sending a card, information about you - including your computer's IP address - may be disclosed as part of any investigation into your actions.
Under normal circumstances, we will not monitor or edit the contents of the cards you send. On occasion, however, 1001 Postcards personnel may need to view your message in connection with the technical processing of your greeting or the maintenance of our network. Also, if you ask one of our customer service representatives to help you send a card or to verify that a card was sent, that representative will be able to access all information about the card, including the recipient's email address and the message.
1001 Postcards uses reasonable precautions to keep the personal information disclosed to us secured.
However, we are not responsible for any breach of security.
Linked Sites
1001 Postcards also links to a wide variety of other sites. We are not responsible for their privacy policies or how they treat information about their users.
use your back button to return to the previous page, or click here to go to our homepage