http://www.laney.co.uk/privacy
Laney Amplification
Guitar
Bass
Acoustic
Live Sound
Keyboards
Drums
Accessories
Lifestyle
Privacy Policy
Introduction
This privacy notice tells you what to expect when Headstock Distribution Ltd collects personal information. It applies to information we collect about:
Visitors to our own websites or premises
Complainants and other individuals in relation to a data protection or freedom of information complaint or enquiry
People who use our services, eg who subscribe to our newsletter, request a publication from us or take part in a competition
People who notify under the General Data Protection Regulation
Job applicants and employees
This policy applies only to laney.co.uk and not to any site linked to by this website. We encourage you to read the Privacy Policy of any website you may visit after leaving ours.
It is likely that this Privacy Notice will be updated from time to time. We will notify you of any significant changes, but please check back any time. It is important to us that your information is also up to date, so please keep us informed if your data does change and review any account information on our website, where applicable.
When using our website, Headstock Distribution Ltd is the data controller.
This website is not intended for children and no data is knowingly collected from, or about them
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, or your legal rights, please visit our contact page and contact the webmaster stating that your query is to do with GDPR.
Contact Details
Laney Amplification is a trading style of Headstock Distribution Ltd, a limited company, registered and operating in the United Kingdom. Our company registration number is 1486774. Our registered address is: Steelpark Road, Coombswood Business Park, Halesowen, West Midlands, B62 8HD.
When we collect data about you
There are a number of ways in which we may collect data about you.
When you contact us via our website, Social Media, online portals, email, telephone or post.
When you contact us at a show or event
When you download one of our apps
When you register an extended warranty with us
When you register to receive our newsletter
When you register for an account with us
If you visit our premises your image or car registration may be recorded on CCTV. Your name, visit time and car registration will also be registered on our systems as a visitor.
What data we collect about you
Your first and last name
Your email address
If you register for an online account, or register a product for an extended warranty, then we will also collect your billing/delivery address, telephone number, date of birth and gender. We will also store an encrypted record of your login details.
Third party data sharing
We may share your data with our trusted third parties. These are:
Freight companies in order to deliver an item to the address specified by you. This data would be limited to your name and address but may also include further contact details necessary to ensure safe delivery of a parcel.
Our legal advisers or law enforcement in the event of a legal issue.
Our payment processors. This data would include financial information such as credit card details, your name and address.
How we use the data we collect
We will only use the personal data we collect to:
Process any orders you place with us
Respond to any queries or support requests
Adhere to any legal, contractual or regulatory obligations
Carry out any necessary fraud or reference checks
Protect our staff and premises using CCTV systems
Where you have agreed we may provide relevant marketing information.
Opting out
You can unsubscribe from marketing communications at any point by clicking on the link contained within any email you receive. Opting out of marketing communications will have no bearing on any personal data that we keep related to an account or other personal data necessary for carrying out a sales or service transaction with us.
Cookie Policy
When someone visits laney.co.uk we collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. We collect this information in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting the www.laney.co.uk website. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any personally identifying information from any source. If we do want to collect personally identifiable information through our website, we will be up front about this. We will make it clear when we collect personal information and will explain what we intend to do with it.
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site.
Cookie
Name
Purpose
More information
Google Analytics
_utma _utmb _utmc _utmz
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site.
We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Click here for an overview of privacy at Google
By using this site you, the user accepts the use of cookies on this site.
How we protect your data
We have in place security measures that we deem appropriate to ensure the security of your personal data. These steps are designed to minimise the risk of data being lost, stolen or access by unauthorised users. Access to data is limited to personnel who are deemed necessary to process it.
We are bound by the GDPR to report any suspected data breaches and will notify you and the relevant regulatory body where legally required.
The internet is not a completely safe medium for data transfer and whilst we have put in place safeguards we are unable to guarantee the security of any information passed between us via the internet. We accept no responsibility for any loss or damages suffered as the result of using this method of data transfer.
How long we keep your data
We will only collect, store or process your personal data for as long as is necessary for the purpose for which it was collected. This timeframe may be superseded by any legal or regulatory reasons. Generally this will be 7 years.
In some circumstances where we are legally required to keep data for longer, or the reason for which we originally collected the data has expired we may anonymise the personal elements of the data and thus retain it indefinitely without further notification. An example of this would be the extended warranty period offered; after 5 years your data will be anonymised however we will retain the product, serial number and date of registration for future statistical requirements.
Where is your data processed
For the most part your data will be wholly processed in the UK, however there may be a requirement to pass data to third parties and suppliers outside of the EU.
Your legal rights
The key elements of the GDPR are:
Right of Access – You have the right to request a copy of the data that we hold about you. Where this data is being processed. How the data is being used and how long the data will be retained for.
Right to Rectification – You have the right to update or amend your data if required. This includes either inaccurate, out of date or incomplete data.
Right of Restriction – You can request a restriction to how we use your data if you consider it be unlawful or you consider it to be inaccurate.
Right to Object – You can object to us processing your data for direct marketing purposes. We may retain data and reject an objection if it is to defend our legal rights. We may also reject a request in the event of a scenario for ‘the greater good’.
Right to be Forgotten –
You have the right to withdraw your consent for data to be processed at any time. It may not always be possible to comply with this request where a specific legal reasons exists. You will be notified of this at the time of your request.
Any request to access your personal data will usually be free of charge, however in certain cases such as repetitive, unfounded or excessive requests we reserve the right to charge a reasonable fee or refuse your request.
We will try to respond to any legitimate request for access to personal data within 30 days of receiving the request. There may be certain occasions, where the request is particularly complex, where it may take us longer than this time. We will notify you and keep you updated if this is the case.
We may request information from you to confirm your identity and ensure your rights to access the data you have requested are legitimate.
Contacting the regulator
If you feel that at any time your data has not been handled or processed correctly by us then you have the right to register a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office. They can be contacted via the following:
Wycliffe House,
Water Lane,
Wilmslow,
Cheshire
SK9 5AF
T. 0303 123 1113
F. 01625 524510
www.ico.org.uk
Laney Amplification | Established 1967
Products
Guitar
Bass
Acoustic
Live sound
Keyboards
Drums
Accessories
About
Timeline
T'S & C'S
Privacy policy
5 Year Warranty
Follow
Instagram
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Contact
Laney Amplification,
Steelpark Road,
Coombswood Business Park,
Halesowen, West Midlands,
B62 8HD, UK
+44 121 508 6666
Follow