http://www.chrismcmorrow.net/policies/privacy-policy
Search
Home
Prints
DUBLIN
DUBLIN PUBS
IRISH LANDSCAPE & PEOPLE
CORK
LIMERICK
ROMANTIC
ITALIAN SCENES
FRENCH SCENES
Original Paintings
Bio /Galleries
Contact
Sign in
Create an Account
Menu
0
Cart 0
Privacy policy
Chris McMorrow Artist  (VAT No:  IE 3227515C)
respects your right to privacy and complies with his obligations under the Data Protection Acts 1988 and 2002. The purpose of this Website Privacy Policy is to outline how we deal with any personal data you provide to us while visiting
Chris McMorrow Artist respects your right to privacy and complies with his obligations under the Data Protection Acts 1988 and 2002. The purpose of this Website Privacy Policy is to outline how we deal with any personal data you provide to us while visiting this website. Naturally, if you are not happy with this Website Privacy Policy you should not use this website. By visiting this website, you are accepting the terms of this Website Privacy Policy.
Personal Data
I will process any Personal Data you provide to me for the following purposes:
to provide you with the goods or services you have ordered;
to contact you if required in connection with your order or to respond to any communications you might send to me;
to contact you with information on special offers or promotional information.
If you believe that any information about you that I am holding is incorrect or incomplete, please email me as soon as possible, at the above address. I will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Non-Personal Data:I use the Non-Personal Data gathered from visitors to my website in an aggregate form to get a better understanding of where my visitors come from and to help me better design and organise my website and its content.
I will not disclose your Personal Data to third parties unless you have consented to this disclosure or unless the third party is required to fulfil your order (in such circumstances, the third party is bound by similar data protection requirements). We will disclose your Personal Data if we believe in good faith that we are required to disclose it in order to comply with any applicable law, a summons, a search warrant, a court or regulatory order, or other statutory requirement.
SecurityI am committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, I have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. Credit card details etc. are not retained by me and I have no access to such when processing transactions. They are processed by Elavon Merchant Services , PayPal and Shopify Payments , all recognised online merchant payment service providers.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
My site uses traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being accessed. This helps me analyse data about web page traffic and improve the website in order to tailor it to customer needs. I only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help provide you with a better website, by enabling me to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives me access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with me
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websitesMy website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave my site, you should note that I do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, I cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Website DisclaimerThe information contained in this website is for general information purposes only. The information is provided by Chris McMorrow Artist  and while I endeavour to keep the information up to date and correct, I make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the website for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk.
In no event will I be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of, or in connection with, the use of this website.
Through this website you are able to link to other websites which are not under the control of Chris McMorrow Artist. I have no control over the nature, content and availability of those sites. The inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within them.
Every effort is made to keep the website up to date and running smoothly. However, Chris McMorrow Artist takes no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond his control.