https://www.sortoffilms.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Menu
Privacy Policy
General:The information on this page refers to pages on https://www.sortoffilms.co.uk – if you have any queries, please contact us.Cookies:Like most websites, we store information about your visit in the form of ‘cookies’. The cookies help us to tailor our website to your preferences. Cookies are placed on your computer, which provide information about how you use the site. This information is used statistically, is anonymised and the cookies, do not gather personal information about you and do not allow us access to your computer.An example; we use Google Analytics cookies to identify which pages are being used. The cookies let us know whereabouts in the world you are connecting to the site from, which pages are visited and how long visitors stay on pages. This anonymous data about website traffic is part of reviewing how effective the site.A full list of cookies used by this site is available at the end of this page. External Sites:Sort Of…Films can take no responsibility for third party groups or companies recommended / mentioned on this site.We are not responsible for the content of external websites linked to from pages on the Sort Of…FIlms website. We do our best to make sure everything is as it should be. Let us know if you spot something, which you think shouldn’t be on the site.Pages on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, maps, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way, as if you had visited the other website. These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.For example, if you have a Vimeo account and you’re logged into it when you watch videos on this website, your Vimeo account will log content you have viewed via this site, as if you were watching it directly on the Vimeo site.Your Data:When you send information to Sort Of…Films via the contact form on this website, we receive this information in an email. Generally, we delete this email, once we have replied, and we do not store your details in the long-term. Deleted emails will be retained on our hosting account servers for approximately one month following deletion. Exceptions to this would include emails discussing contracts or where Sort Of…Films are required to keep information to comply with government laws (eg. for tax records). All emails are accessed and stored locally on password protected devices. Back ups of contact form submissions are also stored on our servers via this website. These are deleted periodically. Information sent via the ‘Request a Quote’ form is handled in the same way as contact information. Details submitted via the form will be kept indefinitely, if we began working on a project, based on information you have submitted via this form. See more below ‘Who we share your data with’.All data we receive via this website will only be used for the purpose expressed on the particular form. We won’t pass on your personal details to third-parties (exceptions to this are listed below). By contacting Sort Of…Films, you won’t be added to any mailing lists.Who we share your data with:This website is hosted in the UK. Emails you send us pass through the hosts servers. You can read their privacy policy here.Web developers/designers who work on this site will be able to see any data submitted via the site. We currently use Design Now, and you can read their terms here.Accountants will have access to some client information, whilst going about their business completing year-end accounts etc.Your Rights:You can contact us to request a list of data we hold about you. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, tax, or security purposes.
Receive occasional updates around video strategy, trends and inspirational case studies!
Your Name*
First
Last
Your Email*
Enter Email
Confirm Email
By submitting this form you'll be added to our mailing list and we'll send you occasional email updates.
You can unsubscribe at anytime and your email address won't be be passed to any third parties, apart from Mailchimp, who manage our mailing list.Read our full privacy policy.By ticking the box, you accept the sites privacy policy.*I agreePlease tick the box before pressing send (helps to stop spam)
General:The information on this page refers to pages on https://www.sortoffilms.co.uk – if you have any queries, please contact us.Cookies:Like most websites, we store information about your visit in the form of ‘cookies’. The cookies help us to tailor our website to your preferences. Cookies are placed on your computer, which provide information about how you use the site. This information is used statistically, is anonymised and the cookies, do not gather personal information about you and do not allow us access to your computer.An example; we use Google Analytics cookies to identify which pages are being used. The cookies let us know whereabouts in the world you are connecting to the site from, which pages are visited and how long visitors stay on pages. This anonymous data about website traffic is part of reviewing how effective the site.A full list of cookies used by this site is available at the end of this page. External Sites:Sort Of…Films can take no responsibility for third party groups or companies recommended / mentioned on this site.We are not responsible for the content of external websites linked to from pages on the Sort Of…FIlms website. We do our best to make sure everything is as it should be. Let us know if you spot something, which you think shouldn’t be on the site.Pages on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, maps, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way, as if you had visited the other website. These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.For example, if you have a Vimeo account and you’re logged into it when you watch videos on this website, your Vimeo account will log content you have viewed via this site, as if you were watching it directly on the Vimeo site.Your Data:When you send information to Sort Of…Films via the contact form on this website, we receive this information in an email. Generally, we delete this email, once we have replied, and we do not store your details in the long-term. Deleted emails will be retained on our hosting account servers for approximately one month following deletion. Exceptions to this would include emails discussing contracts or where Sort Of…Films are required to keep information to comply with government laws (eg. for tax records). All emails are accessed and stored locally on password protected devices. Back ups of contact form submissions are also stored on our servers via this website. These are deleted periodically. Information sent via the ‘Request a Quote’ form is handled in the same way as contact information. Details submitted via the form will be kept indefinitely, if we began working on a project, based on information you have submitted via this form. See more below ‘Who we share your data with’.All data we receive via this website will only be used for the purpose expressed on the particular form. We won’t pass on your personal details to third-parties (exceptions to this are listed below). By contacting Sort Of…Films, you won’t be added to any mailing lists.Who we share your data with:This website is hosted in the UK. Emails you send us pass through the hosts servers. You can read their privacy policy here.Web developers/designers who work on this site will be able to see any data submitted via the site. We currently use Design Now, and you can read their terms here.Accountants will have access to some client information, whilst going about their business completing year-end accounts etc.Your Rights:You can contact us to request a list of data we hold about you. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, tax, or security purposes.
About Ed
ED CARTLEDGE | Managing Director and Principal FilmmakerI’m holding a ‘proper’ camera for the first time and my stomach is in knots. I’m 4 years old and the camera is my dad’s Olympus SLR. I haven’t been given the necessary permissions. The smell of its leather case is weirdly intoxicating and the jolt of electricity that shoots through me when I accidentally release the shutter is an early sign of my physiological need to create images. I’m dissatisfied with the prints. I learn about exposure.Later, aged 14, I’m about to call ‘action’ for the first time. A ‘crew’ of three have excitedly conceived and choreographed a comedic ‘fight scene’ to be filmed by me on the unwanted handycam of a family friend. A mini-masterpiece of visual storytelling, edited entirely ‘in-camera’ by shooting in sequence, ‘The Fight’ (as it is imaginatively titled) will of course soon be lost to the mists of 1990s standard definition VHS. I will forever hold it dear but know it could have been better with a bit more time in storyboarding.Flash forward to higher education (specifically, The University of Sheffield) and my obsession with the moving image shows no signs of abating. I become the Creative Director of the Filmmaking Society, making countless, increasingly elaborate short films with varying degrees of pretentiousness and finding lifelong friends, several of whom I continue to work with to this day.Those circles evolve and broaden following my graduation with a Masters Degree in Film Theory. I co-found The South Yorkshire Filmmakers Network, graduate from the renowned Arista Story Editors and European Audiovisual Entrepreneur Network (EAVE) residentials and following training in business management, create Sort Of…Films Ltd. It’s 2003.During the subsequent, formative years of the business, I also work as a freelancer in a variety of capacities for other production companies, a screenwriter, a musician and a lecturer in film studies. These sub plots will all help to inform the central narrative as Sort Of…Films progresses from a bunch of mates making films together to a dynamic and respected agency.
Sort Of…Films H.Q., Sheffield.
Now, with so many years of operation, stories to tell and films under my belt, I occasionally ask myself why. Why do I want to continue offering my services as a filmmaker to organisations which aim to have a positive impact on people, society and the planet? Firstly, because I know that I have the knowledge and experience to help those organisations to make their project matter. Secondly, because that curious 4 year old and that excitable 14 year old and that ambitious student are all still here and they all keep telling me that there’s still room to get better…
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.