https://www.spreadtheword.org.uk/access-policy/
About Us
Our
News
Our
Opportunities
Our
Projects
Workshops & Events
Network & Knowledge
Support Us
JOIN THE
NETWORK
search-icon
user-icon
Life Writing
Prize
Young People’s Laureate
For London
London Writers Awards
Rethinking ‘Diversity’ in Publishing
Free Reads
A Manuscript Assessment Service
The London
Writers Network
About Us
News
Opportunities
Our ProjectsLife Writing
PrizeYoung People's Laureate
For LondonLondon Writers AwardsRethinking 'Diversity' in PublishingFree Reads
A Manuscript Assessment ServiceThe London
Writers Network
Workshops & Events
Network & Knowledge
Support Us
Join The Network
FAQs
Access Policy
Access Policy
Spread the Word’s Access Policy
As part of Spread the Word’s mission to support underrepresented writers and to celebrate diverse voices, we have created an Access Policy to highlight our commitment to disabled writers, their families, friends and carers. Our commitments include:
• We have curated an Access List* which enables writers who identify as disabled to receive priority booking to events listed on our seasonal programmes. This will enable you to let us know which events you’d like to attend and what support you need so we can set this up for you. You can sign up to the list below:
Subscribe
• All venues in which we run our workshops and events are fully accessible. Our major events are BSL interpreted and we will strive to ensure other access needs are met when requested.
• All disabled writers are entitled to bring a carer with them to our events (at no additional cost).
• All of our video/ audio interviews will have subtitling or transcripts available for our audience to access.
• We are committed to providing and creating adapted handouts on request to writers attending our workshops and events.
• We want to ensure that disabled writers are able to enter our annual prizes and competitions: video and audio submissions are welcome alongside / instead of written applications. We are also committed to providing forms in different formats for our projects and prizes.
• We want to increase opportunities for disabled writers. Our development scheme, the London Writers Awards is for London-based writers of colour and working class writers, LGBTQIA writers+, D/deaf and disabled writers. The scheme provides bursaries and an access fund.
• We want to improve the visibility of disabled writers and welcome their inclusion in our major prizes and programme.
• We are committed to championing schemes that support the inclusion of disabled people within their programme.
We know that the booking system on our website is not fully accessible to Blind writers. If you would like to book on to one of our workshops, please contact us at hello@spreadtheword.org.uk and we’ll make sure your booking is put through. We are in the process of developing a new website which will be fully accessible. We recommend that Blind writers sign up to our Access List to receive priority booking of our seasonal programmes.
We’re fully aware that we may not have covered all aspects of disability in the policy, nor do we have all the answers as to what different people need, which is why we would value your feedback on how we can ensure more writers feel welcome at our events, workshops and to work with us. With your input, and by openly communicating with disabled people and their friends, families and carers, we can get a better idea of your needs and how best we can facilitate access to our programme.
Contact information
Email: hello@spreadtheword.org.uk
*You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the link in the footer of our emails. For information about our privacy practices, please visit our website.
We use Mailchimp as our marketing platform. By clicking below to subscribe, you acknowledge that your information will be transferred to Mailchimp for processing. Learn more about Mailchimp’s privacy practices here.
A Pocket Guide to Writing Dialogue
Pocket Guides
Applications are open to 1-2-1 feedback for narrative non-fiction writers
Opportunities
Get involved in High Street Tales
Woolwich High Street
Opportunities
Spread the Word’s spring 2021 season
Opportunities
STAY IN
TOUCH
Sign up
SUPPORT
US
Find out how
JOIN LONDON
WRITERS NETWORK
Find out how
SPREAD THE WORD’S E-NEWSLETTER
Sign up to our mailing list to keep up to date
with Spread the Word’s news and opportunities.
Submit
Cancel