http://www.statefair.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
!
Nebraska State Fair awarded 1st place in five categories by IAFE
Right
Close
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy & Terms
The Nebraska State Fair is committed to respecting and protecting your privacy rights when visiting any page of our Website, www.statefair.org. To protect your Personal Information, the Nebraska State Fair has created the guidelines outlined below, which explain the kinds of information the website collects, how it is used, the conditions under which it is made available to third parties, how information is maintained and our compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Act. Your use of the website indicates your acceptance of and agreement with the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.
Information Collected
While visiting the website, we may ask you to provide information that personally identifies you ("personal information") for purposes of interacting with the website. Such personal information may include, but is not limited to, your name, phone number, street address and e-mail address, age and gender. On any page that collects personal information, we will specifically describe what information is required in order to provide you with the product or service or enter you in the promotion you have requested, as well as respond to your inquiry or comment. This personally identifiable data is collected by means of form interfaces on our website, into which the user must voluntarily enter the information requested. If you place an online order or enter a commercial transaction at this website, we will collect additional personally identifiable information, including billing address and credit card information. We may also collect personally identifiable information through purchase forms, surveys, contests, emails we receive from you and your other interactions with our website. You may browse the website without registering or providing any personally identifying information.
IP Addresses
This website also collects anonymous data that is not indicative of and cannot be traced to an individual without the cooperation of their Internet Service Provider. This data includes information about the user's remote IP address, referral data (which page "linked" to the present request) and the browser software's user-agent string. This information is accepted passively from the HTTP headers that are sent from the user when requesting any file from the server. The Nebraska State Fair does log IP addresses for systems administration, troubleshooting purposes and to determine website usage.
Use Of Personal Information
We believe in protecting your privacy and will not share personal information with third parties outside of the Nebraska State Fair, except as described in this Privacy Policy. We believe that we can enhance your experience on our Website with the information you share with us. We use personal information about you to improve our advertising and marketing efforts, to statistically analyze website usage, to improve our content and product offerings and to personalize the website's content, layout, and services. We also may use your personal information, such as your e-mail address or mailing address, to contact you regarding products and/or services that may be of interest to you, to respond to an inquiry from you regarding the information that we have collected, to respond to your comments and suggestions and to fill orders and complete commercial transactions that you initiate with this website.
The Nebraska State Fair may match specific and/or aggregated personal information with third party data to provide you with product and content offerings that interest you and improve our advertising and marketing efforts. The Nebraska State Fair also may disclose aggregated user statistics in order to describe our services to potential advertisers, partners, other third parties, our affiliate companies and for other lawful purposes. For example, we provide our advertisers with aggregate information about our users, such as statistics regarding the number of website users that view their advertisements.
As part of your experience on our website, you may receive communications from us related to products and services that might interest you. While we believe these services will enhance your experience at our website, you will at all times be able to opt out from receiving these communications, either by specifically opting out of these services or by deleting your profile from our database.
We have today, and will in the future, have arrangements with third party service providers, such as credit card processors, shipping companies, and fulfillment services, other third-party vendors, or any partner who assists in the operations and/or administration of this website.
When you sign up for a service we offer on the Website, we may be required to share personal information with that service provider in order to provide the service. These third party providers are not permitted to retain or use personal information for any purpose unrelated to providing the service.
We reserve the right to disclose personal information when needed to comply with the law or a legal process, cooperate with investigations of purported unlawful activities, to identify persons violating the law, to investigate or assist in investigations incident to misuse or abuse of this website, or in connection with the sale of part or all of the Nebraska State Fair.
Party Collecting The Information
Information entered by website visitors is retrieved directly by the Nebraska State Fair: 501 E. Fonner Park Road, Ste 200, Grand Island, NE 68801
This Privacy Policy only addresses the use and dissemination of information that the website collects from you. To the extent that you disclose any information to other parties, whether through, for example, online auctions, chat rooms, personal ads, or the like, through third party services or promotions offered on or through the website or through other websites throughout the internet, different policies may apply and the Nebraska State Fair shall not be responsible for the use or dissemination of such information.
Links To Other Materials
Third party sites linked to and from the site are not necessarily under the control of the Nebraska State Fair. The Nebraska State Fair shall have no responsibilities or liabilities whatsoever for the content or privacy practices of any such linked site or any link or linking program at any time. The Nebraska State Fair does not necessarily endorse companies (or related products or services) to or from which the website is linked. If you decide to access any of the third party sites linked to the website, you do so entirely at your own risk. The Nebraska State Fair hereby disclaims any rights to trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos, copyrights, patents, domain names or other intellectual property interests of third parties.
Children's Privacy
The Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (“COPPA”) applies only to websites of a commercial nature, and while the Nebraska State Fair is a nonprofit organization, it considers COPPA to provide sound advice for any website that is intended for use by children. For this reason, the Nebraska State Fair does not knowingly collect or solicit any personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age without verifiable parental consent.
In the event that we receive actual knowledge that we have collected such personal information without the requisite and verifiable parental consent, we will delete that information from our database as quickly as is practicable. With respect to any form interface that appears on a webpage at our website, no information will be knowingly collected from any user under the age of 13. Where “age” or “date of birth” is requested on the form interface, no information will be stored or transmitted unless the response indicates that the user is 13 years of age or older.
Providing personal information is never a prerequisite for accessing the basic content or resources on this website.
Maintenance Of Personal Information
The personally identifiable information collected at this website may be indefinitely retained and electronically archived. Please keep in mind that information collected at this website may be different than that collected at or through other activities, events, or functions related to the Nebraska State Fair and the use and disclosure, if any, of such information may vary and are not covered under this policy.
Opting-Out
We respect your privacy and ability to choose whether to share information with us and any third party. You may choose to "opt-out" of sharing personal information in several ways. When choosing to use certain features or services on the website, you can choose whether to share optional personal information in connection with the feature or service. If you receive communications from us that you prefer not to receive, you may opt-out from receiving these communications, either by specifically indicating this preference in a communication to us via the Unsubscribe link or by deleting your registration profile from our database. You may also opt-out altogether from providing personal information to us by not registering on the website and thereby not providing personal information. You may also choose at a later date to have your name removed from our database. To do so, please follow the process described below. Certain portions of the website and certain services provided on the website, however, do require registration in order to access or use these areas and services. If you choose not to register or provide certain information, these areas will not be accessible to you.
Reviewing, Changing And Deleting Your Personal Information
You may access all of the personal information that we collect from you online and maintain by e-mailing us at nebraskastatefair@statefair.org. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
Security
State fair maintains industry standard encryption technologies to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of the personal information that you provide through the website. Please keep in mind, however, that no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit using our website, and therefore, it is important to remember that you transmit such information at your own risk. State fair does not assume responsibility for use or disclosure of your information that are the result of unauthorized or illegal access to our systems or to those of our vendors or partners.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions or comments about our Privacy Policy, please e-mail us at nebraskastatefair@statefair.org
Effective Date And Changes
Understanding that Internet technologies are rapidly evolving, any changes to this policy will be promptly posted on this page, with an updated "effective date" posted below. The Nebraska State Fair reserves the right to modify the terms of this policy at any time and in our sole discretion, by posting a change notice to this page. Your continued use of the website following our posting of a change notice will constitute binding acceptance of those changes.
This Privacy Policy was last modified on 4/1/15.