http://www.chorusamerica.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Chorus America ("CA") is a nonprofit organization. CA respects your concerns about privacy and values the relationship we have with you.  This Privacy Policy describes the types of information we collect on www.chorusamerica.org, how we may use that information and with whom we may share it.
This Privacy Policy also describes the measures we take to protect the security of the information and how you can reach us to update your contact information, remove your name from our mailing lists, or ask questions you may have regarding our online privacy practices.
This Privacy Policy explains the following:
The information CA may collect
How CA protects your information
How CA uses the information you provide
How CA handles child privacy
Links to other websites
How to unsubscribe, opt out, or correct your information
How to contact CA
How CA notifies you about privacy policy changes
The Information We May Collect
While using our website, you do not have to identify yourself or divulge personal information. We do not collect personally identifiable information about you on this site without your knowledge, and all such information is collected directly from you. CA may periodically ask you to provide information such as your name, email address, and other information about you to fully access the Services of the Site. You are under no obligation to provide us with this information.
How CA Protects Your Information
We maintain administrative, technical, and physical safeguards for this website to protect against unauthorized disclosure, use, alteration or destruction of the information you provide on the site. However, no data transmissions over the Internet or via wireless networks can be guaranteed to be 100 percent secure. Consequently, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we make efforts to ensure security on our systems.
How CA Uses the Information You Provide
CA uses the information we collect from you in an effort to send you news and information about CA, our programs and services, and for other purposes. We may provide this information to our contractors and successors, and from time to time we share or rent mailing addresses to member organizations; however, we will not sell, rent, trade, lend, or otherwise share your personal information with nonmember organizations or individuals for commercial purposes. Finally, we may disclose information when required by law or when we have a good faith belief that release is appropriate to protect our rights or property, or to protect our donors and supporters from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful conduct.
We restrict access to personal information to CA employees, contractors, and agents who need to know that information in order to operate, develop, or improve the Services and Site. These individuals are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline, including termination and criminal prosecution, if they fail to meet these obligations.
Information on Children's Privacy
We believe every precaution must be taken to protect children online. CA does not knowingly ask children 13 and under for any information. Visitors who are 13 or under should ask a parent or legal guardian for assistance when using www.chorusamerica.org and should not submit any personally identifiable information.
Links to Other Websites
CA users may provide links to third party websites, and other websites may link to our website. CA does not endorse, nor is it responsible for the content of any third-party websites we may list on www.chorusamerica.org. Sites that are linked to our site may have different policies; please review the privacy policy notices on those sites for details.
How To Unsubscribe, Opt-Out, or Correct Your Information
If at any time you wish to unsubscribe from our email list, you may do so by emailing service@chorusamerica.org or by clicking "Unsubscribe" in any edition of the UPDATE enewsletter or other CA email communication. If at any time you wish to review, update, or correct your information, you can do so online by logging in to the Site and editing your membership dashboard directly or by contacting us through any of the methods set forth below.
How to Contact CA
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, the information we have collected from you online, the practices of this site or your interaction with this website, send email to: service@chorusamerica.org.
You can also reach us via US mail at:
Chorus America
1200 18th Street NW, Ste 1250
Washington, DC 20036
When you send email or other communication to CA, we may retain those communications in order to process your inquiries, respond to your requests, and improve our services in the future.
How CA Notifies You About Privacy Policy Changes
The effective date of this privacy policy is January 20, 2012. This privacy policy may be amended by CA at any time by posting such amendments on this site, and your continued use constitutes acceptance of those amendments.
User menu
Cart
Get News
Please enter your email *
Subscribe