http://www.netgem.com/fr/mentions-legales
Les cookies nous aident à fournir une meilleure expérience utilisateur. En utilisant notre site, vous acceptez l'utilisation de cookies.
OK
Disclaimer
This website is presented by Netgem for the purpose of disseminating information free of charge for the benefit of the public. Netgem monitors the quality of the information available on this website and updates the information regularly. However, Netgem does not guarantee, and accepts no legal liability whatsoever arising from or connected to, the accuracy, reliability, currency or completeness of any material contained on this website or on any linked site. This website is not a substitute for independent professional advice and users should obtain any appropriate professional advice relevant to their particular circumstan
Security
Netgem applies a range of security controls to protect its website from unauthorized access. Netgem accepts no liability for any interference with or damage to a user’s computer system, software or data occurring in connection with or relating to this web site or its use. Users are encouraged to take appropriate and adequate precautions to ensure that whatever is selected from this site is free of viruses or other contamination that may interfere with or damage the user’s computer system, software or data.
Copyright Notice
The content of this website is copyright protected. You may download, display, print and reproduce this material in unaltered form only (retaining this notice) for your personal, non-commercial use or use within your organization. Apart from any use as permitted under French Copyright law, all other rights are reserved. Requests and inquiries concerning reproduction and rights should be addressed to: Netgem, 10, Avenue de l’Arche, 92400 Courbevoie. This notice is not to be erased. You are not permitted to re-transmit, distribute or commercialize the information or material without seeking prior written approval from Netgem. You are not permitted to use the Netgem website to sell a product or service or to increase traffic to your website.
Linking to this site
You may link to the Netgem website at your full expense and responsibility. You must not alter any of the website’s contents, or frame or reformat the files, pages, images, information and materials from this website on any other website. Netgem reserves the right to prevent linking by giving notice.
Privacy
Netgem places great importance on adopting and implementing measures to ensure the privacy of users of its website.
In general, you can visit our website without telling us who you are or giving us personal information. Your IP address (Internet address of your computer) will be used only to assist us in measuring traffic to our web site which enables us to improve the quality of service we offer you via this website.
We will not collect personal information about you unless specifically indicated. In that case, we will take all the necessary steps and use the best technology to protect your personal data. Netgem will not give away or sell your personal data. This site contains links to other websites.
Netgem is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. If you have any questions regarding our Privacy Policy or if you would like to correct or update your personal information provided to Netgem on our website, please contact us at Netgem, 10, Avenue de l’Arche, 92400 Courbevoie.