http://www.advintive.com/privacy/
Home > Privacy Policy
Home > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Advanced Interactive Canada Inc. (‘Advintive’) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal information. This policy outlines how we handle the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information. The provincial and federal privacy laws applicable in Canada guide our policy.
What information do we collect?
In the course of conducting business with you, Advintive will collect information from you, such as your name, title, company or organization, address, telephone number, fax number, email address and photograph. If you participate in our surveys or contests, your survey opinion and submissions for our contests will be collected. On our website, we may collect your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address and cookies. Your “IP address” is a unique 32-bit numeric address that distinguishes your computer from another computer. “Cookies” are small text files that contain information about you, such as your user name and password, which are stored on the web browser of your computer. Advintive uses a high encryption algorithm on its cookies so that only our server can read and decrypt the contents within it and other parties will not be able to access such information.
What privacy principles does Advintive follow?
1.Accountability
Advintive is responsible for ensuring the protection of the information you have provided to us.
2. Why do we collect your information?
We collect information from you for the following reasons:
To provide information on our products and services that may be of interest to you
To contact you, when necessary, regarding issues concerning your use of our products and services
To obtain information about your use of our products and services, potentially through a survey
To better understand your needs, as input to future product and service development plans
To obtain information about your qualifications and skills if you submit your resume to us for the purposes of applying for a position with ADVINTIVE and the information may be legally required.
3. Obtaining your consent
We will obtain your consent prior to the collection, use or disclosure of your information. Consent may be expressed or implied. Implied consent means that you provide the information to us and the purpose of providing such information would be clear to you, even if we did not state it. Our privacy policy, however, does not limit Advintive from collecting and using information that is publicly available. This means, for instance, your name and business email address could be added to our email and / or postal communication list so that we can provide further information to you on our products and services.
We will, however, respect your choice not to be contacted. All our marketing email messages contain an option to automatically “opt-out” of receiving messages from us. You may also elect not to receive communication from us by sending an email to info@advintive.com with your name, email address and (if applicable) your postal address to request that we remove your email, address and name from our mailing lists.
4. Limiting collection
Advintive will only collect information about you that is necessary to achieve the purposes identified in this policy.
5. Limiting use, disclosure and retention
Advintive will use the information you provide only for the purposes identified in this policy. We will not use this information for any other purpose unless we have obtained your consent.
Advintive will only disclose information about you to its affiliated companies, partners, and to authorized agents that assist us in performing our functions for the limited purposes listed above. Our agents may include companies and individuals that deliver packages, provide marketing assistance and process credit card transactions.
We will not sell or otherwise disclose the information collected from you to other third parties, except in those limited cases where we are legally required to do so (such as in response to a court order, or disclosure to a public body to assist in an investigation).
We will retain the information that we have collected from you only so long as it is necessary to achieve our stated purposes or if it is legally required that we retain such information.
6. Ensuring accuracy
Advintive will make reasonable efforts to ensure that the information we collect from you is accurate and complete. If you notice any errors in the information that we have collected from you or wish to update your information, please notify your ADVINTIVE contact or email info@advintive.com. You can advise us as to where you saw the incorrect information so that we can then correct or update such information.
7. Safeguards
Advintive will protect personal information with security safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the information.
8. Individual access to information
If you require access to your own information, please write to us by fax, email or post, with your request. We will respond to you within thirty (30) days of receiving your request.
9. Compliance and complaints
If you have any questions or concerns with our privacy policy and practices, you may contact us by writing to:
Advanced Interactive Canada Inc. (Advintive)
312 – 8988 Fraserton Court, Eagles Landing
Burnaby, British Columbia
V5J 5H8  Canada
Attention: Privacy Manager
T 604.637.8718
E info@advintive.com
You may also contact the Privacy Commissioner of Canada (for international matters and inter-provincial matters).
Significantly enhance the communication services in your remote locations
CONTACT US TODAY:   T 604.685.4011  E info@advintive.com
TechnologyOverview
WiDOX 3.1
MiLTE
HiDENSITY
FAQs
ApplicationsRemote Work Camps
Remote Communities
Emerging Countries
Schools
SolutionsPhone Services
High Speed Internet
TV and Radio
Business Services
Distance Education
ClientsTestimonials
CompanyAbout
Our Team
CSR
Partners
Become a Partner
Scroll to top