http://www.lowcomdom.com/~lcd/privacy.html
LowComDom Performances Presents
The National Daily World Enquiring Globe
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Front Page
The Crapolla
The Dictionary»
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
Film Reviews»
By Title
By Actor
By Director
By Year
Ratings
Iris In
Mojo Cam
Today's Jokes
Archives
RSS Feed
Disclaimer
Mexico
Las Vegas
Where's Svlad?
T-Shirts
Sweat Shirts
Mugs
Caps
Statement of Irresponsibility
Press Releases
The Ugly Mug
Privacy Policy
LowComDom Performances takes privacy very seriously.
Our privacy policy is simple: We will collect no personal information about you unless you choose to provide that information to us. (suckers!)
Here is how we handle information we gather when you come to LowComDom's World Wide Wackiness.
If you do nothing during your visit but browse through the web site and read pages, we will gather and store certain information automatically. This information does not identify you personally. (Although we could probably figure it out if we really wanted.) We automatically collect and store only the following information.
The Internet domain (for example, "idiot.com" if you surf from work, or "bonehead.edu" if you're avoiding working on that term paper you're supposed to be doing and connect from a university's domain) and IP address from which you access our web site. For example we know that your IP adress is
.
The type of browser
and platform
used to access our site. We use this only to laugh at you behind your back if you chose to use a browser embedded in an operating system rather than to promote fair trade in the software industry. It's people like you who will make our American Way crumble under the yoke of the future Robber Barons. We hope you're happy.
The date and time you access our site
Aren't you supposed to be working right now?
The pages you visit. I see you're mildly depressed by your searches for "Mommy Mommy" jokes.
If you linked to LowComDom from another web site, the address of that website. We might owe them money or need to go buy them out or something.
We use this information to learn about the number of visitors to our site. We do not track or record information about individuals. We're really crappy at record keeping anyway. You know I haven't balanced my checkbook in three years. It's all a matter of time before this gold mine I'm sitting on comes crashing down, taking out several high-powered Sillycon Valley venture capitalists with it.
By the way, is your screen really
That's a lot of pixels!
If You Send Us Personal Information
We do not collect personal information for any purpose other than to respond to you. We do not create individual profiles with the information you provide. (See the comment above about our shitty record-keeping. Hey, we don't owe you money, do we? Do you have a signed contract?)
LowComDom does not collect information for commercial marketing. We HATE SPAM. We wish we could wipe it out. We will not sell names. It promotes SPAM, and it's not what you came here for. You asked for jokes: that's what you're going to get, and nothing else! (Except maybe the abuse you're reading on this page.)
We do not:
Sell server logs. Only dorks do this.
Violate other's personal space and/or snap other people's bras. We used to, but we've had the shit kicked out of us too many times.
We do not send threatening letters to the President of the USofA from an address we picked out of our web log. The Secret Service usually figures this out when they storm your house at 3 a.m. and throw you up against the wall in your Spiderman Underoos. They fish through your computer and see you have only been here and 14 porn sites. These guys can put two and two together real fast.
We do not use products of a certain company in Redmond, because we don't trust them. We'd love to tell you more, but any more than that and we'll probably be defending ourselves in court.
We do not issue cookies without a really good reason, and then always issue milk with the cookie.
The name of a person on the mailing lists may not be revealed to a person outside the company, even if they are a porn star.
Web logs are for statistical use only and not for blackmailing purposes.
Cameras are for blackmailing purposes.
MojoCam cameras may not photograph the kitty box. It's in his contract.
We do:
Close the door when we use the restroom.
Wear pants in the presense of a lady.
If there's anything you don't understand about this policy or need more clarity on, please don't hesitate to write me. We'll read this letter at the weekly staff meeting and have a good laugh.
Biff Pondwater
Founder and President