https://www.fretful-federation.co.uk/privacy
Privacy Policy | Fretful Federation
Facebook
Twitter
Home
About
News
Events
Gallery
Audio & Video
Tuition
Join Us
Contact
Select Page
Privacy Policy
Who we are
We are The Fretful Federation. Our website address is: https://www.fretful-federation.co.uk/. We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy and the privacy of your data. We want your trust and confidence. This policy sets out what personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, and how it is used, and how we keep it secure. Please read it through carefully and if you have any queries contact us – see link at the bottom of this page.
What personal data we collect from you
Information provided need to run our club/society. This includes:
Contact Names
Post Code, Address and Phone Contact Details
Any other Personal Information about you that we need to run our club/society.
How we use your Information
Your information will not be sold, exchanged, or given to any other company without your consent other than for the purposes below:
To run our club/society, and undertake any admin related activities (e.g. membership renewals)
To improve our club allowing us to respond to queries and provide support
To send periodic emails, including telling you about our activities
To investigate any issues relating to our club/society.
We do not sell or otherwise provide your personal information to third-parties for marketing purposes.
Processing of data
We process your personal information to deliver information about the club and to improve our club/society. We may also contact you directly with information about the club/society if you provide consent. There is a section below that describes how to withhold your consent.
Use of cookies on our website
We have a Cookies Policy. You can read our Cookies Policy by clicking on the link in the footer of this website.
How we store your data and for how long
We follow generally accepted standards to store and protect the personal information we collect, both during transmission and once received and stored. The personal information is retained for no longer than is necessary to provide membership services for our club/society that you have requested and thereafter for legitimate legal or business purposes including:
required by law, contract, or similar obligations applicable to our business operations.
for preserving, resolving, defending, or enforcing legal/contractual rights
maintaining adequate and accurate business and financial records
Withdrawing consent
You can withdraw consent to any use we make of your personal information by contacting us – see link at the bottom of this page. However, you cannot withdraw consent for processing necessary to provide the membership services you have requested unless you also ask us to no longer provide the service.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we make material changes to our privacy policy we will publish a notice via our website and inform you via email.
Access to your personal information
You have a right to request access information held about you. Please contact us using the link below. We will respond within 30 days and return your information.
Right to complain
If you consider that we have failed to comply with this Privacy Policy and/or Data Protection Legislation in relation to information about you which we hold or process, you have a right to make a complaint to the relevant supervisory authority, which in the UK is the Information Commissioner’s Office
Contact us
If you have any inquiries, questions regarding our privacy policy, or wish to withhold consent, please contact us We will respond within 30 days.
Search for:
Recent Posts
Next Event
Mandolin players
2019 – A busy year
Brighton Festival Fringe
East Dean Festival
Recent CommentsA WordPress Commenter on National BMG Festival in Worthing Archives
April 2020
February 2020
November 2019
October 2019
August 2019
July 2019
June 2019
Categories
Forthcoming Events
News
Next event
Past Events
Meta
Log in
Entries feed
Comments feed
WordPress.org
NEW MEMBERS WELCOME!
FIND OUT HOW TO JOIN
Facebook
Twitter
© Fretful Federation | Privacy Policy | Cookies Policy | Site by Bright Sea Media
Pin It on Pinterest
Share This
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest