http://www.ocalacivictheatre.com/privacy-policy
skip to Main Content
Box Office: (352) 236-2274
TwitterFacebookInstagram
General Overview
This site is owned by The Marion Players, Inc. dba Ocala Civic Theatre (OCT). OCT is a 501 (c)(3) nonprofit organization established to uplift, inspire, and entertain by providing quality theatrical experiences and performing arts education.
PRIVACY & DATA COLLECTION POLICIES
The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to disclose to you what information we may collect, how we may collect it, with whom we may share it, and certain other matters related to such information, including the choices you have regarding our collection of information and our use and disclosure to other parties of information we may have collected from you. OCT is committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information we collect about you to process and complete the commercial transactions you request that can be completed on this Site, and to provide you with a more personalized experience. We have created this Privacy Policy in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to protecting the privacy of all of our customers and visitors. Except as otherwise discussed in this Privacy Policy, this document only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you online. For some services, we collect and transfer personal information to a service provider. For some services, such as ticket sales, we act as a service provider for our theatre. We encourage you to review the privacy policy before purchasing tickets on this site. Or, as a result of visiting our site you may visit or click-through to other merchants (e.g. unaffiliated ticket sites) through links on our site who may collect and use your personal information in ways that are different than how we utilize your information. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of these sites before you disclose your personal information to others.
1. Types of information that may be collected
The personally-identifiable information we collect is used to facilitate the purchase of tickets and/or other products and/or services to our customers. In the process of providing these tickets, products and/or services, we require our customers to provide certain personally-identifiable information. Specific details may include, but are not limited to the following and may be subject to change:
The personally-identifiable information that may be collected from our customers in completion of a ticket, product and/or service purchase, includes, but may not be limited to: customer’s first and last name, first and last name of the credit card owner, credit card billing address, credit card number, credit card security code, credit card expiration date, customer’s shipping address, phone number, and email address. You may also have the opportunity to permit us to maintain this information in a personal profile for you so you do not have to re-enter the information each time you make a purchase. If a customer sends us personal correspondence, such as emails or letters, we may collect such information into a file specific to you.
2. How is information collected?
We may collect information from you in several different areas on the Site, including but not limited to those described below:
Newsletters, Site Emails, Mobile Offers
We may offer newsletters and/or other communications to share information with you about the Site, about us and our affiliates and subsidiaries, or about our business partners and advertisers and sponsors. You may receive a newsletter either by registering for a particular newsletter or in conjunction with a special feature or membership for which you have registered on the Site. You may cancel your subscription by following the instructions provided on the Site or in the designated area of the newsletters or emails or as specified in a mobile communication. Remember, if you consent to receive texts from us, your wireless carrier may impose a charge on incoming texts. Please check with your wireless carrier for details. From time-to-time we may request personally-identifiable information from you via surveys or voting polls. Participation is voluntary and you will have the opportunity to decide whether or not to disclose information. At times, you may have to register to vote or to take part in a survey.
Transaction Information
If you place an order or subscribe for any of the services offered on our Site, we will ask you to complete an order form that will request certain information from you, including financial information such as a credit card number and expiration date and general contact, billing and shipping information. We will use this information to complete the transaction that you have requested, e.g., to deliver the information, products or other services that you order, and to invoice you. Such information is collected and stored through encrypted means for your protection.
3. How we use the information we collect?
We internally use personally-identifiable information about our customers to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, to statistically analyze site usage, to improve our content and product offerings and to customize our Site’s content and layout. We believe these uses allow us to improve our Site and provide better service to our customers. We may use a customer’s email address and mailing address or phone number, to contact a customer regarding administrative matters or notices, issues with a transaction, satisfaction with the Site and/or our products and services and to provide further information regarding additional events, products and/or services in which we believe the customer would be interested. We may use information in the file we maintain about a customer to resolve disputes and troubleshoot problems.
4. With whom the information may be disclosed.
Information we collect may be accessed by a variety of parties, depending upon the purpose for which the information was provided and the context in which the information was provided. In order to process your requests we may provide your personally-identifiable information to service providers or other companies who work on our behalf in order, for example, to process the transaction or other goods/services you have ordered. When we do so, we use reasonable efforts to assure that they comply with our Privacy Policy and applicable law. When we are acting as a service provider on behalf of the theatre, we provide your personally-identifiable information to the client for use, among other things, in connection with identification/verification of purchasers of tickets and event security.
We may, without your consent, access and disclose your personal information, any communications sent or received by you, and any other information that we may have about you as may be permitted or required by law, regulation, rule or court order pursuant to requests from governmental, regulatory or administrative agencies or law enforcement authorities; or to prevent, investigate, identify persons or organizations potentially involved in, or take any action regarding suspected fraud, violations of our Terms of Service, or activity that appears to us to be illegal or we believe may expose us to legal liability. Additionally, we may disclose personal information in situations that we believe to be emergencies involving potential threats to the physical safety or any person or property if we believe that your information in any way relates to that threat. Otherwise we will not provide your information to unaffiliated third parties for marketing purposes.
5. What choices do I have about OCT collecting, using, and sharing my information?
It is possible for you to use much of the Site without giving us any personally-identifiable information. When you do give us personally-identifiable information, you will have an opportunity at the time we collect your information — to limit e-mail communications from us or opt-in to be added to our mailing list. You can request at any time that OCT not send future e-mails to you either by unsubscribing from the communication or by contacting us at info@ocalacivictheatre.com or calling us at 352-236-2274.
We reserve the right to disclose personally-identifiable information in the good faith belief that we are required to do so by law, or that doing so is reasonably necessary to comply with legal process, respond to any claims, or to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of OCT or its employees, Site users, performers, or the public.
6. What security precautions are in place to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of your information?
We have implemented reasonable security measures to safeguard the personally-identifiable information you provide to us. However, please keep in mind that “perfect security” does not exist on the Internet and/or the World Wide Web.
7. Links to other Websites
You should be aware that when you are on the Site you could be directed to other sites beyond our control. For example, if you “click” on a banner advertisement, you will likely leave the Site and move to a different website which is not operated by us. This includes links from advertisers, sponsors and partners that may use the Site’s logo as part of a co-branding agreement. These other Websites may independently collect data or solicit personal information and may or may not have their own published privacy policies. If you visit a Website that is linked to our Site, you should carefully review that site’s privacy policy before providing any personal information.
8. Limitation of Liability
By providing us with any personally-identifiable information you expressly and unconditionally release and hold harmless OCT and all of its subsidiaries, affiliates or related companies and their respective, directors, officers, employees and agents from any and all liability for any injuries, loss or damage of any kind arising from or in connection with the use and/or misuse of your collected personally-identifiable information. In addition, while OCT takes efforts to ensure the proper and appropriate use of OCT data provided by OCT to third party companies, promotional partners or vendors, OCT is not liable for any injuries, loss or damage of any kind arising from or in connection with the use and/or misuse of your collected personally-identifiable information by OCT or the above-mentioned non-OCT entities.
9. Notification of changes and acceptance of the Privacy Policy
By using this Site, you signify your agreement to the terms of our Privacy Policy. OCT may change this policy from time to time. If so, any such changes will be posted on this page, so that OCT may keep its users informed of its information collection practices. Accordingly, we recommend that you consult this page frequently so that you are aware of our latest policy. Your continued use of the Site shall constitute your acceptance of such revised Privacy Policy.
10. Correcting and updating personal information
If your personally-identifiable information changes (such as your zip code), we will endeavor to provide a way to correct, update or remove the personal data you have provided to us. This can be done by contacting us at the address below:
11. Whom do I contact with questions or concerns about this privacy policy?
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Site, or your dealings with this Site, please contact:
Ocala Civic Theatre
4337 E Silver Springs Blvd
Ocala, FL 34470
352-236-2274
info@ocalacivictheatre.com
Privacy Policy
Copyright 2020 - Ocala Civic Theatre - All Rights Reserved
QuestionPro provides unparalleled insights and just launched enterprise features including Communities, Customer Experience, Workforce and Mobile
Ticketing System provided by
Arts People
Back To Top