https://www.johnstoncountync.org/privacy/
Privacy Policy
This site is owned and maintained by the Johnston County Visitors Bureau (JCVB), operating as a tourism authority whose mission is to promote travel to and within the county of Johnston.
Content and Information Disclaimer
Content and information contained in this site has been compiled by JCVB based on material supplied by the visitor industry in the county and other industry organizations. While every effort is made to ensure the accuracy of this information, all data is subject to change without notice. Visitor industry colleagues and travelers are advised to contact individual businesses or organizations to reconfirm information. The JCVB does not endorse or recommend any specific facility, project, or organization contained in this site.
Links to other Web Sites
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that JCVB is not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites. We encourage users to be aware when they leave our site and should read the privacy statements of each web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by JCVB.
Opt-out
Users who have registered with us in the past and no longer wish to receive updates may select to opt-out of future transmissions by replying to us, noting "Unsubscribe" in the subject line in the e-mail, or e-mail us directly at info@johnstoncountync.org
Correction/Updating Personal Information
If a user has registered with us in the past and their personally identifiable information changes, please notify us at info@johnstoncountync.org and provide contact details so we may update our database.
Personal Information
Through our Web site, JCVB will not collect any personally identifiable information about you (e.g., your name, address, telephone number or e-mail address), unless you voluntarily choose to provide it to us by registration or filling out survey forms. If you do not want your Personal Information collected, please do not submit it to us. When you do provide us with Personal Information, we usually use it to respond to your inquiry, process your order, or provide you access to specific account information. Also, to support our customer relationship with you:
JCVB may store and process Personal Information and share it with our worldwide affiliates to better understand your business needs and how we can improve our products and services; or JCVB may use Personal Information to contact you about an offer in support of your business needs or to conduct online surveys to understand better our customers' needs and profiles.
If you choose not to have your Personal Information used to support our customer relationship such as direct marketing or market research, we certainly respect your choice. We do not now and do not intend to sell, rent, or otherwise market your Personal Information to third parties.
Non-Personal Information Collected Automatically
When you access our Web sites, we may automatically collect information that is not personally identifiable such as type of Internet browser and computer operating system used; domain name of the Web site from which you came; number of visits, the date and time of your visit, average time spent, pages viewed. We may use this information and share it with our affiliates to measure the use of our Web site and improve its content.
Use of Feedback Utilities
Any information submitted to the JCVB through the Feedback utilities in this site will be considered non-confidential and the JCVB reserves the right to use and reproduce such information and/or disclose it to other parties without restriction.
"Cookies" - Information Placed Automatically on Your Computer
When you view one of our Web sites, we may store some information on your computer in the form of a "Cookie" to automatically recognize you the next time you visit. Cookies can help us in many ways, for example, by allowing us to tailor a Web site to better match your interests or to save your password so that you do not have to re-enter it each time. If you choose not to be recognized, please refer to your Internet browser to erase Cookies from your computer hard drive, block all Cookies or receive a warning before a Cookie is stored.
Security
The JCVB takes reasonable precautions to ensure the security of your Personal Information and protect it from loss, destruction, falsification, manipulation, and unauthorized access or unauthorized disclosure.
Questions and Comments
If you have any questions or comments about the JCVB Privacy Policy (e.g., to review and update your Personal Information), please contact us.
Notification of Changes
If JCVB decides to change our policy, we will post those changes on our privacy page so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
Free Visitors Guide
Get your free Visitors Guide today to learn about Johnston County and all it has to offer!
Get the Guide
Sign up for our Event Newsletter
Go