http://www.dancesportscotland.org/terms-and-conditions
Terms and Conditions
0131 564 1707
dancesportscotland1945@gmail.com
Home
About Dancesport Scotland
Join
Contact Us
Menu
HomeJoinWhat's OnPre-RegistrationsSocial Dance ClubsProfessional TeachersChildren's League 2019Covid-19 Guidance
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
The terms and conditions below will govern your use of our website and all sub domains. You must accept these terms and conditions in full; if you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions please do not use our website.
Intellectual Property Rights
Unless otherwise stated, we own the intellectual property rights in the website and material on the website.
In respect of all material that you post on our website, you grant to us a worldwide, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free licence to use, reproduce, adapt, publish, translate and distribute such material in any media, together with the right to sub-licence such rights.
Licence To Use Website
When using our website you can view, download for caching purposes, and print pages, however, there are conditions:
Material from this website must not be republished in any form or reproduced or stored on any other website. (Public or private retrieval system)
Without our express permission (written) you must not copy, sell, resell or otherwise exploit our website for commercial purpose.
Material on our website must not be edited or modified in any way.
Limitations of Liability
All information on this website is given free-of-charge, we cannot be held liable in respect of the information given on this website.
We will make every effort to ensure that the information on our website is correct, however, we do not guarantee its entirety and accuracy.
We do not guarantee that our website will remain available or that all the material used is kept current.
We exclude all representations, warranties and conditions (including, without limitation, the conditions implied by law of satisfactory quality, fitness for purpose and the use of reasonable care and skill) to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law.
We will not be liable for direct, indirect or consequential loss or damage arising under these terms and conditions, whether arising in tort, contract, or otherwise, including, without limitation, any loss of profit, contracts, business, goodwill, data, income, revenue or anticipated savings.
We will not be liable for any direct, indirect or consequential loss or damage arising under these terms and conditions or in connection with our website, however, nothing in these terms and conditions shall exclude or limit our liability for fraud, for death or personal injury caused by our negligence, or for any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
Restricted Access
Access to certain areas of our website is restricted. We reserve the right to restrict access to areas of our website, or indeed our whole website, at our discretion.
ID and Password Usage
If at any time we provide you with a user ID and password to enable you to access restricted areas of our website, you must ensure that that user ID and password is kept confidential. You will accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your user ID or password.
We may disable your user ID and password if you breach any of the policies or terms governing your use of our website or any other contractual obligation you owe to us.
Bulletin Board/Chat Room/Comments
You must not use our website in any way that causes, or may cause, damage to the website or harm the usability of the website.
You must not use our website in any way which is unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful, or in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful purpose or activity.
You must not use our website for any purposes related to marketing without our express written consent.
You must not use our website to copy, publish or send mass mailings or spam.
Illegal Use of Website
You must not use our website to copy, publish or send material which is illegal or unlawful, or material which could give rise to legal action under English, Scottish and other applicable law. All material you copy, publish or send via our website must not be defamatory, obscene, indecent, hateful, discriminatory or inflammatory; such material must not infringe any person's intellectual property rights or rights of confidence, impinge upon any person's privacy, or constitute incitement to commit a crime; further, material must not be misleading, deceptive, sexually explicit, threatening, abusive, harassing or menacing.
We reserve the right to edit or remove any material posted upon our website.
We may take such action as we deem appropriate to deal with the posting of unsuitable material, including suspending or cancelling your account, restricting your access to our website, or commencing legal proceedings against you.
Policy Amendments
We may occasionally update this privacy policy by posting a new version on our website. It is in your interest to check this page regularly to ensure you are comfortable with any changes made.
These terms and conditions, together with our privacy policy constitute the entire agreement between you and us in relation to your use of our website, and supersede all previous agreements in respect of your use of this website.
HomeJoinWhat's OnPre-RegistrationsSocial Dance ClubsProfessional TeachersChildren's League 2019Covid-19 Guidance
Copyright © 2020 dancesportscotland.org.All rights reserved.
ConstitutionByelawsPrivacy PolicyTerms and ConditionsThe British Dance Council