http://www.nirvanaclub.com/info/miscfiles/privacy.htm
PRIVACY POLICY
definitions
"NFC" refers to "Nirvana Fan Club" and describes all content placed on the URLs: www.nirvanaclub.com, www.nirvanaclub.net, www.nirvanaclub.org, www.nirvanafanclub.com and www.nirvana2.com
links
This web site contains links to other web sites.
Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are moving to another web site.
We encourage you to read the privacy statements of these linked sites as their privacy policy may differ from ours. The NFC webmaster has no responsibility over the content found on the sites that are linked to.
nirvanaclub.com
The nirvanaclub website (and the domains that fall under it, see definition) stores absolutely no personal information about its visitors without prior notification, or if the user chooses to submit details.
The poll function stores a cookie on the user's computer which is used to control whether a person has voted. This cookie expires after a week. The user does not have to use the poll.
The counter function stores the user's IP address for a few minutes to prevent the same person from triggering the counter multiple times. No IP addresses are stored permanently, used for statistics, or otherwise kept on the server for more than a few minutes.
In the event that personal information needs to be obtained (for contests and other purposes), this is clearly stated. The information will be deleted when the contest (or a similar event) is concluded. No information collected for these purposes is shared with a third party. The NFC webmaster is the only one who will be able to access this information.
The user can contact the NFC webmaster if he/she wishes to withdraw from a contest, or have personal information altered (i.e. an e-mail address). The information is collected so that the winner(s) of a contest can be contacted upon its closing.
No e-mail addresses submitted to the site will ever be used for sending unsolicited mail, spam, or other types of unwanted e-mail. If an e-mail address is requested, the purpose for the request is clearly stated.
No personal information posted in the chatroom is stored permanently.
nirvana2.com
The NFC Discussion Board service strives to ensure privacy for its members and visitors.
No email address submitted to the message board will ever be
collected for spam, nor distributed to a third party.
If you register on the message board located at http://www.nirvana2.com/,
you can edit whatever information you want visible to the public. You can also specify to have your e-mail address
hidden from the public. Any information you are uncomfortable sharing with the public, you may edit out at any time
from your profile. Only information you specify in your profile is stored on the server. In addition, the messages you choose to post on the board are stored on the server for a period determined by the webmaster. If you send an "NFC Mail", the message will be stored on the server until the receipient chooses to delete it. One can use the board (read only) without submitting any personal information.
Your profile is password-protected and no one will know or be able to edit that information but yourself.
Your password is, for your safety, encrypted. Thus, not even the site administrator can retrieve your password and alter your
information.
The NFC Discussion Board uses cookies to store the username and encrypted password of a user, if that person logs in. The cookies can be deleted by logging out. Other information specified in a user profile may also be stored in cookies. Rejecting the cookies will not hinder the use of the board, however certain functionality will not be available (i.e. always having topics displayed for a specified time period, and setting a timezone).
All information is collected by the webmaster of NFC and is not shared with anyone else (except message board posts that are available for anyone to view).
You may not register for the message board if you are younger than 13 years.
If you have any concerns, feel free to email the webmaster.