https://www.memorabletv.com/privacy/
Memorable TV
Networks
ABC
CBS
NBC
FOX
The CW
Cable
HBO
Showtime
Freeform
Starz
TNT
Cinemax
HISTORY
Hallmark
Investigation DIscovery
SYFY
TV Land
POP
Lifetime
BET
Streaming
Netflix
Amazon
Apple TV+
Hulu
HBO Max
Disney+
CBS All Access
DC
UK TV
BBC
ITV
Channel 4
TV
Classic TV A-Z
Episodes
Vintage Eps
Movies
Movies A-Z
News +
Features
People
Actors A-Z
Idols
Interviews
Connect with us
WHERE WE STAND ON YOUR PRIVACY
Privacy Policy
Welcome to our website located at https://www.memorabletv.com (the ‘website’).
Review Memorable TV’s legal and privacy notices for details on how we collect, use and protect your personal information on this website.
Your use of, this website or any software application or service owned by Memorable TV is subject to this privacy policy. This privacy policy explains the data that we collect and how we use it.
We respect your privacy. If you have any privacy concerns or questions about this privacy policy, you can contact us by email at: admin@memorabletv.com
ABOUT US AND THIS POLICY
All references to “we”, “us” or “our” refer to Memorable TV.
This policy gives you the details of who we are and the details of our privacy policies, including: what data we collect about you when you use Memorable TV; what organization is collecting the information; how the information will be used or disclosed; what choices are available to you regarding the collection and use of the data; what security measures are in place to protect your personal information; and how you can correct any inaccuracies in the information. Information collected or provided by or to us may be shared with and used by any of our affiliates in accordance with this Privacy Policy as if the relevant affiliate was ‘we’ ‘us’ or ‘our’ in this Policy.
This policy may be amended from time to time without notice and it is your responsibility to read it carefully and review any changes that may have been made. Since changes will be posted on this page, we encourage you to check this page regularly.
YOUR INFORMATION: WHAT WE COLLECT, HOW WE COLLECT IT, AND HOW IT IS USED
Unlike many websites and on-line services, we don’t collect specific data or personal information about your visit to Memorable TV. However certain data is collected that does not directly identify you and is collected as you use Memorable TV, including your IP address, and information gathered with the use of a “cookie” (cookies are discussed further below). Such information includes, without limitation, which pages and content are browsed, interactions with advertising and content, and other data related to preferences and usage. We use this information to, among other things, provide our services to you, create new products and services, and target advertising and content to generate statistics, reports and for various analytic purposes (including combining the data we collect with data from other sources).
Personal information
This Web site does not request any personal information or collect any information that personally identifies you or allows you to be personally contacted. We do not share any personal information with any third parties nor do we use any personal information for any purposes.
Tracking and Cookies
When you visit Memorable TV, we and our advertising associates may store and access information from your device, including “cookies”, clear GIFs (which are also sometimes called web bugs or web beacons) and browser details. We may collect information such as your browser type, the type of operating system you use, the domain name of your Internet service provider, IP address, pages visited on the site, services used and how you have used them. We and our advertising associates do this for a variety of purposes. In the case of our advertising associates, this may include the personalization of advertisements based on your visits to sites in that party’s network. Please note that Memorable TV do not currently respond to a web browser’s “do not track” instructions (e.g., a “do not track” signal). However, Google analytics manages ‘Do Not Track’ instructions from your browser in accordance with its own privacy policies: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/.
Consent for the use of cookies
If you continue to use Memorable TV, we will imply from this that you consent to our use of cookies.
Memorable TV E-mail
If you send email to us, you’ll be sending us your email address. We’ll use your email address for no other purpose than to respond to your email. We will never share your email address with any third parties.
WHICH ORGANIZATIONS ARE COLLECTING THE INFORMATION?
When you provide information to Memorable TV, that information is collected and maintained either by Memorable TV or by an authorized agent or contractor of Memorable TV, including, without limitation, web hosting companies, customer care service providers, and/or transaction processing service providers, unless specifically stated otherwise at the point of collection.
ADVERTISING
We may use your non-personal information to serve ads to you via a Memorable TV, as well as to provide you with promotions, products and services. We may also use third-party advertising companies and other business associates to serve ads on Memorable TV and provide you with promotions, products and services. These third-party advertising companies and our business associates may be located throughout the world.
These third-party advertising companies and business associates may receive and share with us information relating to the advertisements that they serve you including, without limitation, date and time of ad shown, the ad that was shown, your IP address and your interactions with such advertisements. These third-party advertising companies and business associates may use cookies, clear GIFs and anonymous information about your visits to Memorable TV to measure and improve the effectiveness of their ads, promotions, products and services. This information may also be used for targeted marketing purposes. The information received by these third-party advertising companies and business associates is subject to the privacy policies of these third-party advertising companies and business associates. We may be given access to this information by these third-party advertising companies and business associates which we may use for purposes including, without limitation, to provide services to you, to better target advertising and content to you and to generate statistics and reports and to carry out analytics that help us to provide our services, to create new products and services, to better target advertising and content, (on our and our business associates’ websites, applications and devices) to generate statistics, reports and for various analytic purposes.
Many of our advertising associates are part of the Network Advertising Initiative. You may opt-out of behavioral advertising for Network Advertising Initiative member companies by following the link below and opting-out of all or some of the advertising networks: http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
Opting out of Flash Cookies is described above in the tracking information section.
COMMITMENT TO CHILDRENS’ PRIVACY
Protecting the privacy of children is important to us. For that reason, Memorable TV is not directed at anyone under 13 and is not structured specifically to attract anyone under 13. We also do not collect or maintain personal information from those users who we actually know are under 13. Should we learn or be notified that we have collected information from users under the age of 13, we will immediately delete such personal information.
OTHER DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We will not otherwise use or disclose your non-personal information without your consent except (i) as described in this privacy policy, (ii) as required by court order or other government or law enforcement authorities in order to comply with legal process or law, (iii) in the event of a merger where another company has acquired Memorable TV, (iv) in order to protect against the misuse or unauthorized use of Memorable TV, (v) in order to protect and defend our rights and property, or (vi) in order to protect the personal safety or property of our users or the public.
If Memorable TV sells assets (or the assets of a division or subsidiary) to another entity, including, without limitation, in the event of bankruptcy, or if Memorable TV (or a division or subsidiary) is acquired by, or merged with, another entity, Memorable TV may provide to such entity user information (both anonymized and/or aggregate and personal information) that is related to that part of the business that was sold to or merged with the other entity.
Links to Third Party Websites
Memorable TV Properties may display links to websites operated by third parties. If you click on a link, the relevant third party operator or others may collect data about you when you visit the linked website. They are responsible for the collection and further processing of such data and we have no control over it. We advise you to check the terms of use and privacy policies of any linked websites you visit to find out what data they are collecting and the purposes for which they process your personal data.
If you have any inquiries or complaints about our handling of your personal information, or about our privacy practices generally, please contact us at: admin@memorabletv.com. We will respond to your inquiry promptly.
YOUR CONSENT
BY USING MEMORABLE TV, YOU ARE CONSENTING TO THE COLLECTION AND USE OF YOUR INFORMATION DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND YOU ACCEPT AND AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
YOUR RIGHTS
Your European Rights
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (“EEA”), then in respect of your personal information collected and held by Memorable TV, you have the right to:
access the personal information we process on you;
request restriction of our use;
rectify inaccuracies in the personal information;
deny or withdraw your consent to all or some of our use of your personal information collected by us;
lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority;
subject to the anonymous data paragraph above, deletion of your personal information from our system of records. However, in such event we may not be able respond to or engage further with your enquiry with the company
Memorable TV aims to keep its records about you as accurate as possible. If you would like to review, change or delete details you have supplied us with or wish to exercise any of your other rights, please contact us as set out below.
Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a resident of the State of California, we provide you in this Privacy Policy with information on how to exercise your disclosure choice options such as your right to opt-out (or “unsubscribe”) of our use and sharing of your Personal Information for marketing purposes. Therefore, pursuant to the California Civil Code, we are not required to maintain or disclose a list of the third parties that received your Personal Information for marketing purposes during the preceding year.
If you are a California resident and wish to request information about how to exercise your third party disclosure choices, please send a request by email to admin@memorabletv.com. All requests must be labelled “Your California Privacy Rights” in the e-mail subject line. For all requests, please clearly state that the request is related to “Your California Privacy Rights”. We are unable to accept requests via post, telephone or by facsimile. We are not responsible for emails that are not sent properly, or do not have complete information.
Inquiries
If you have any concern about privacy at Memorable TV, please send us a thorough description of your concern to admin@memorabletv.com, and we will try to resolve it.
Our privacy policy may change from time time. Unless stated otherwise, our current privacy policy applies to all information that we have about you. Please check our privacy policy on a regular basis.
This privacy policy was last updated on: 24th May 2018.
advertisement
search
advertisement