http://www.cambridgechorale.org.uk/privacy-policy
Home >
Privacy policy
Privacy policy
This privacy policy sets out how Cambridge Chorale uses and protects any information that you give us when you use this website. We are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. We try to make sure that the content on this website is accurate and safe to use, but you browse at your own risk.
We have no responsibility for the content of external websites.
If you sign up to our email newsletter we promise not to give or sell your details to anyone else (unless it’s for legal reasons, which is highly unlikely); we won’t bombard you with emails, and you can unsubscribe from our mailing list whenever you want. We’ll only send you things relevant to Cambridge Chorale.
Occasionally we may use ‘cookies’ - little files stored on your computer - to help us improve our website and the service we provide. All computers have the ability to decline cookies - this can be done by activating the setting on your browser which enables you to decline the cookies.
Sometimes we may gather information about your computer for our services. Such information will not identify you personally; it is statistical data about our visitors and their use of our site. This statistical data does not identify any personal details whatsoever. It is used by us to analyse how visitors interact with the website so that we can continue to develop and improve it.
Cambridge Chorale is a participant in the Amazon EU Associates Programme, an affiliate advertising programme designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.co.uk.
We may transfer data that we collect from you to locations outside of the European Economic area for processing and storing. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all reasonable steps to make sure that your data is treated securely and in agreement with this privacy policy.
Under GDPR regulations (2018) you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right or should you wish to receive details that we hold about you, please contact us using the contact details below.
We welcome any queries, comments or requests you may have regarding this policy - please do not hesitate to contact us. If you would prefer to write to us then our contact address is 274 Milton Road, Cambridge, CB4 1LQ.
New CD
Our new CD, Hymns to the Mother of God, is now available to buy now.
Featuring music by Tavener, Grieg, Victoria and Palestrina, alongside new works by exciting young composers Sarah Rimkus and Joanna Ward.
Find out more & buy online...