http://www.mrgoodbeer.com/privacy.shtml
MrGoodbeer.com Privacy Policy
The Virtual Beer Technician offering homebrew troubleshooting and repair advice!
Home Bottle Aroma Looks Flavor Body
Tools Recipes FAQ Games Store News History Trivia Weather Search
Bookmark Us! -
Ctrl+D
Just Farting Around?
• Brewing Tools  • Beer Carb Calc.  • Beer Styles
• Recipes
• Starter Kits  • Gluten Free Beer
• Mobile
BooksOnBeer
• BeerInside.com
Fun Beer Stuff  • Online Flatulence (farts)  • Strange Brew
Misc. Stuff
MrGoodbeer.com Privacy Policy
MrGoodbeer.com has created this privacy policy to demonstrate our firm commitment to maintaining your privacy.
The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for our site. MrGoodbeer's goal
is to help you make great beer and to keep you informed of beer and brewing gifts and products that match your
interests and enhance your life.
Your participation in any offer, survey, promotion, or contest is completely
optional.
MrGoodbeer is aware of the need to address internet privacy issues and we believe you should be aware of how we
intend to treat any information about you that we might receive on the internet as a result of your visit to the
Site.
You can visit MrGoodbeer.com site without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself. Our
web servers collect the domain names, not the e-mail addresses, of visitors. In general, we gather information about
users of the site collectively in order to determine, for example, which areas users access more frequently and which
materials users access the most.
This information helps us to determine what is most beneficial for our users, and how we can continually create a better overall experience for our users by improving the content of the site.
There are times however, when we may need information from you, such as your e-mail address.
Customarily, the personal information MrGoodbeer obtains is used only to respond to inquiries or for monthly notification of our contest.
There is a technology called "cookies" which is an element of data that a web site can send to your browser which may then
store on your system.
MrGoodbeer.com does not use cookies, however, some of our affiliate sponsors use cookies to better serve you when you return to their site(s).
You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving the chance to decide whether to accept it.
MrGoodbeer's site contains links to other web sites such as those found on our Beer & Brewing Gifts page.
While MrGoodbeer tries to link only to sites
that share its high standards and respect for privacy, MrGoodbeer can not take responsibility for the content or the privacy practices employed by other sites.
MrGoodbeer monthly contest entrants receive an email reminder once each month.
A link to unsubscribe from the list is included at the bottom of each email reminder.
You can also unsubscribe by typing http://www.mrgoodbeer.com/mlist/data/mgbnowin.cgi?YourEmailAddressHere in your browser (substituting your REAL email for "YourEmailAddressHere" of course!).
If you elect to be removed from our database, MrGoodbeer will not use your information, nor will it be sold, rented or distributed to a third party from the date we process your request.
MrGoodbeer respects your privacy and uses the information you provide us with integrity and full disclosure.
If you ever feel this policy has been broken, let us know.
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices
of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us by emailing us at privacy@mrgoodbeer.com
If at anytime MrGoodbeer changes its privacy commitment, MrGoodbeer will post those changes here so that you will know what information MrGoodbeer gathers and how MrGoodbeer might use that information.
E-mail mike[AT]mrgoodbeer.com or check out the
FAQ if your problem is not listed here.
| Home | About Us | Privacy Policy | FAQ | Newbies |
Thank you for visiting MrGoodbeer.com for Home Brew Help, Homebrew Help, Homebrewing Help. We hope we helped you solve your Homebrew Problem, Home Brew Problem, Homebrewing Problem.
Be responsible, don't drink and drive!