http://www.rochesterharpist.com/privacy-harpist-roxanne-ziegler.asp#photocredits
Home  |  About The Harps  |  About Roxanne  |  Contact Roxanne
ROXANNE ZIEGLER PRIVACY POLICY
Privacy
The Roxanne Ziegler, Harpist (RZ) website gathers only generic information about site visitors in two ways.
The web hosting service gathers site traffic data. This data is reported to RZ as an aggregate; no individually identifiable information is provided.
This site uses the Google Analytics (GA) tool to measure and report site traffic. GA places a browser cookie on the hard drive of the site visitor. This cookie gathers only anonymous traffic data and reports it to RZ as an aggregate. No individually identifiable information is provided to RZ.
Information provided by this site's visitors via the Contact page is solely used by RZ for communicating with the senders. RZ never sells e-mail addresses.
Copyrights
All content included on this site such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software is the property of RZ or their content suppliers and is protected by United States and international copyright laws. The compilation of all content on this site is the exclusive property of RZ and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. All software used on this site is the property of RZ or their software suppliers and protected by United States and international copyright laws.
Photo Credits
All photos on this site with exceptions on two pages were taken by and are copyrighted by Palmer Photography. The exceptions are photos noted on Harp Lessons and About the Harps that were taken by and are copyrighted by Business Vitality LLC.
Working with Roxanne is simple, easy, and a great choice!Contact Roxanne Ziegler, your wedding and event harpist, about your music needs today!
Roxanne Ziegler is a professional harpist providing harp music for any occasion. She brings elegance, experience, and expertise to wedding services and receptions, special events, harp presentations, corporate functions and private celebrations.She creates a comforting and peaceful atmosphere in nursing homes, hospitals, and hospices. She appears as a harp soloist or in distinctive duos with flute, violin, voice, or hammered dulcimer.
Home | Weddings | Harp Music Demos | Healing and Other Events | Harp Lessons | Harp Repertoire | Wedding and Event BookingsHarp Presentations | About The Harps | About Roxanne | Contact Roxanne
Roxanne Ziegler, Professional Harpist
38 Newcroft Park, Rochester NY 14609 | 585.288.3101
Site Designed by Business Vitality LLC
Photo Credits: Palmer Photography