http://www.painted-house.com/privacy.php
Debbie's Corner
• Ask Debbie
• Debbie's Bio
• FAQ
• Where's Debbie
Episodes
• By Name
• By Room
• By Technique
Debbie's Shop
• Books
• Tapes
How We Did It
• Artists & Specialists
• Books
• Locations
• Products &
Specialty Stores
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO YOUR USE OF THIS SITE CAREFULLY. Whalley-Abbey Media Holdings, Inc. and its related and affiliated companies ("WAM") welcome you to their family of Web Sites. Your privacy and the integrity of any information you provide are important to us. We have developed the following policy pursuant to the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act, 2000 c.5. (the "Privacy Act").
This policy applies to the family of WAM web Sites only. It is designed to inform you of how and why WAM gathers personal and non-personal information about you.
This web site is connected by "hyperlinks" to other web Sites. We are not responsible in any way for the privacy practices on other web Sites and suggest that you review the privacy policies on those linked web Sites before using them.
We protect the personal information we gather and it is used or may be used or disclosed only to WAM, its affiliates and related companies, agents, suppliers, sponsors and advertisers to enhance products or services and our marketing to you. We are accountable for our Privacy Policy and our practices on our web Sites. If you have any questions or concerns regarding the privacy practices on this web Site, please address them, in writing to the following e-mail address: webmaster@painted-house.com
What Information Is Collected?
WAM may collect three kinds of information from our web Sites:
(1) your voluntarily provided personal information; (2) anonymous information about your visit, and: (3) "cookie" based information to help us track which pages on our web Sites you're most interested in.
1. Your Personal Information:
During normal Web Sites usage, you can visit our site without communicating any personal information. However, to make use of certain features on our site, such as contests, quizzes, promotions, personalized services, subscriptions or newsletters, users may need to register with the WAM web Sites. As part of this voluntary registration, WAM may request contact information (such as name, mailing address, e-mail address, etc.) and other data required for operating these services. The only way we can collect personal information from you is if you voluntarily provide it to us with your consent. By voluntarily providing this personal information to us by sending us a comment or suggestion, by entering a chatroom or bulletin board, or by entering a contest that is posted on our web Sites, you will be consenting to the collection, use and distribution of your personal information by WAM for the purposes of running the contest and/or for distribution to sponsors who manage the contests and for purposes of marketing (for example the sponsor may directly contact the contestant to promote products and services) and/or distribution to third parties who may participate in chatrooms and bulletin boards on the web Sites. You are under no obligation to provide us with this personal information and can access and enjoy many parts of the WAM web Sites without providing us any personal information. However, for clarity, please understand that by volunteering this personal information you are also agreeing to its collection, use and distribution for the purposes stated below.
We will or may at our discretion, use the personal information collected in the following ways:
To run contests, select entrants, and choose prize winners;
To respond to your questions or the comments you e-mail to us;
To provide you with newsletters or other information about our programming, special offers or services;
To distribute to sponsors and advertisers who run the contests and/or for purposes of marketing by our sponsors and advertisers;
To run chatrooms, discussion groups and bulletin boards;
To keep aggregate information on web Sites use.
You should be aware that when you share personal information in public areas of our web Sites, such as chat rooms, discussion groups or bulletin boards, this information might be seen and used by other members of the public. We urge you to exercise good judgment when sharing personal information in these forums.
2. Anonymous Information About Your Visit:
When you visit our site, information about your visit (e.g. how you navigate the site) may be collected and stored. This information may include the length of your visit, the date and time of your visit, the pages you look at and the sites you visit before and after leaving our site. It does not include personally identifiable information such as your name, mailing or e-mail address or telephone number. We use this non-identifiable and aggregate information to better design our Web Sites. We also may share this information with our affiliates, suppliers, sponsors and advertisers. We collect the following non-identifiable information when you visit our web Sites:
Your IP address
Your Internet Service Provider (ISP)
Your Web Browser
3. "Cookie"-Based Information:
To tailor our site to the needs and interests of our visitors, we keep track of the pages visited by our users by placing a small entry-in text file, called a "cookie", on your hard drive. A cookie is transferred to your browser by a Web server and can only be read by the server that gave it to you.
Cookies do not reveal personal information. The only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself such as passwords, purchases and preferences. Cookies cannot read data from your hard drive.
You may visit the site with your cookies turned off. However, you may not be able to access some of the areas of our site, which require cookies for customization and personalization.
How Is My Personal Information Protected?
WAM is committed to protecting your personal information and has developed policies and procedures to ensure our compliance with our own Security and Privacy Policy and with applicable Federal and Provincial laws.
We also understand your concerns about online security and we do our best to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of information under our control. We encourage parties linked to our site to follow similar practices, however we have no control over how other web Sites fulfill their obligations and conduct their privacy policies. We encourage you to review the privacy policies posted on the web Sites linked to our website.
Will WAM Share My Information?
When you voluntarily provide WAM with personally identifiable information online, that information is kept within the WAM family of web Sites and may be shared or distributed to our affiliates, partners, sponsors or advertisers.
As a general rule, the non-identifiable information and passive information we collect on our web Sites will or may be shared with our affiliates, partners, sponsors or advertisers.
Our Web Sites contains hyperlinks to other web Sites. While we encourage these organizations to follow similar security practices, WAM is not responsible for the policies or content of such Web Sites.
How does the Privacy Policy deal with Children?
Children should always get permission from their parents before sending information about themselves (such as their names, e-mail addresses, and phone numbers) over the Internet. We will not knowingly encourage any minor to register with our site or to access those features, which require registration. If a child has provided us with personal information, WAM asks that any concerned parent or guardian of the child contact us.
Can I Opt Out?
By visiting our web Sites and voluntarily providing personal information to the WAM web Sites, you agree to the terms of this online User Agreement and the Privacy Policy contained herein. If you do not want to be contacted for product, service or marketing initiatives, or do not agree with this Privacy Policy, do not provide us with any personal information. If you have already provided us with personal information and you would like to be removed from any direct marketing initiatives, or direct mail or e-mail list, please e-mail us at webmaster@debbietravisfacelift.comto remove your personal information from our lists.
How Can I Correct Errors In My Information?
You can correct errors in your personally identifiable information by sending an e-mail to us or by contacting us at webmaster@painted-house.com.
What If I Do Not Agree With Your Privacy Policy?
By visiting our web Sites and voluntarily providing personal information to the WAM web Sites, you agree to the terms of this online User Agreement and the Privacy Policy contained herein. However, we welcome your comments and/or suggestions on improving our web Sites and policies. If you do not agree to these terms, or wish to limit the use of any of your personal information that we may have, you may contact us.
Disclaimer | Privacy | Terms Of Use | Site Credits | Contact Us | Search
Copyright 2002, 2020 The Painted HouseProductions. All rights reserved.