http://www.theatredesign.org.uk/legal
Legal
Important Information
You should carefully read the following Terms and Conditions. Your use of this Website implies that you have read and accepted these Terms and Conditions.
Disclaimer
Our services are provided ‘as is’ without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied. In no event shall the SBTD be liable for any damages, including, without limitation, direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential, or punitive damages arising out of the use of or inability to use this Website or any content thereon. This disclaimer applies, without limitation, to any damages or injury, whether for breach of contract, tort, or otherwise, caused by any failure of performance; error; omission; interruption; deletion; defect; delay in operation or transmission; computer virus; file corruption; communication line failure; network or system outage; or theft, destruction, unauthorized access to, alteration of, or use of any record. Or other losses arising out of the use of or inability to use our products.
Responsibility of Website Visitors.
SBTD has not reviewed, and cannot review, all of the material, posted to the Website, and cannot therefore be responsible for that material’s content, use or effects. By operating the Website, SBTD does not represent or imply that it endorses the material there posted, or that it believes such material to be accurate, useful or non-harmful. You are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself and your computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful or destructive content. The Website may contain content that is offensive, indecent, or otherwise objectionable, as well as content containing technical inaccuracies, typographical mistakes, and other errors. The Website may also contain material that violates the privacy or publicity rights, or infringes the intellectual property and other proprietary rights, of third parties, or the downloading, copying or use of which is subject to additional terms and conditions, stated or unstated. SBTD disclaims any responsibility for any harm resulting from the use by visitors of the Website, or from any downloading by those visitors of content there posted.
Content Posted on Other Websites.
We have not reviewed, and cannot review, all of the material, including computer software, made available through the Websites and WebPages to which SBTD links, and that link to SBTD. SBTD does not have any control over those non- SBTD Websites and WebPages, and is not responsible for their contents or their use. By linking to a non- SBTD Website or webpage, SBTD does not represent or imply that it endorses such Website or webpage. You are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself and your computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful or destructive content. SBTD disclaims any responsibility for any harm resulting from your use of non- SBTD Websites and WebPages.
Copyright Infringement Policy.
As SBTD asks others to respect its intellectual property rights, it respects the intellectual property rights of others. If you believe that material located on or linked to by SBTD Website violates your copyright, you are encouraged to notify SBTD. SBTD will respond to all such notices, including as required or appropriate by removing the infringing material or disabling all links to the infringing material. In the case of a visitor/member who may infringe or repeatedly infringes the copyrights or other intellectual property rights of SBTD or others, SBTD may, in its discretion, terminate or deny access to and use of the Website. In the case of such termination, SBTD will have no obligation to provide a refund of any amounts previously paid to SBTD.
Intellectual Property.
This Agreement does not transfer from SBTD to you any SBTD or third party intellectual property, and all right, title and interest in and to such property will remain (as between the parties) solely with SBTD. SBTD, www.theatredesign.org.uk, the SBTD logo, and all other service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with SBTD, or the Website are are the property of SBTD or SBTD’s licensors. Other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with the Website may be the trademarks of other third parties. Your use of the Website grants you no right or license to reproduce or otherwise use any SBTD or third-party trademarks.
Changes.
SBTD reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or replace any part of this Agreement. It is your responsibility to check this Agreement periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to the Website following the posting of any changes to this Agreement constitutes acceptance of those changes. SBTD may also, in the future, offer new services and/or features through the Website (including, the release of new tools and resources). Such new features and/or services shall be subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
Disclaimer of Warranties.
The materials on the SBTD’s Website are provided ‘as is’. The SBTD makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, the SBTD does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
Limitation of Liability.
In no event will the SBTD, or its suppliers or licensors, be liable with respect to any subject matter of this agreement under any contract, negligence, strict liability or other legal or equitable theory for: (i) any special, incidental or consequential damages; (ii) the cost of procurement or substitute products or services; (iii) for interruption of use or loss or corruption of data; or (iv) for any amounts that exceed the fees paid by you to the SBTD under this agreement during the twelve (12) month period prior to the cause of action. The SBTD shall have no liability for any failure or delay due to matters beyond their reasonable control.
General Representation and Warranty.
You represent and warrant that (i) your use of the Website will be in strict accordance with the SBTD Website Privacy Policy, with this Agreement and with all applicable laws and regulations (including without limitation any local laws or regulations in your country, state, city, or other governmental area, regarding online conduct and acceptable content, and including all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the country in which you reside) and (ii) your use of the Website will not infringe or misappropriate the intellectual property rights of any third party.
Indemnification.
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless the SBTD, its contractors, and its licensors, and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents from and against any and all claims and expenses, including legal fees, arising out of your use of the Website, including but not limited to out of your violation this Agreement.
Site Terms of Use Modifications
The SBTD may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this Website you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
Want to join our community?
Membership is open to you at every stage of your career. We are also very keen to encourage practitioners from associated fields of work to join us.
Join Us
Already a member? Sign In