https://www.pukkelpop.be/en/privacy-policy/
Privacy policy
The present privacy policy pertains to the processing of personal data by The Factory bvba and applies to the website www.pukkelpop.be and all related domain names (hereinafter referred to as “the website”).
This privacy policy details:
Who is responsible for the personal data that are registered and processed via the website;
Which personal data are registered, why this is the case and under what conditions these data are processed;
On what legal grounds these data are processed;
To what extent these data are shared with third parties;
The measures that must be taken to adequately protect the personal data;
How users can check the processing of their personal data and can exercise their rights as laid down in the Privacy Act;
When the privacy policy was last updated.
We wish to point out that our website(s) and app(s) are not intended for children but only for adults. Consequently, the collection of the personal data of children is not a deliberate act. Please contact us immediately at info@pukkelpop.be when, as a parent (or legal guardian), you have reason to believe your child supplied us with its personal data.
1. Who is responsible for the processing of your personal data?
The party responsible for the processing of personal data is:
The Factory bvba
Diestersteenweg 152
3970 Leopoldsburg, BE
Belgium
VAT number: 0434.153.588.
info@pukkelpop.be
The Factory bvba also calls upon processors. A processor is the natural person, legal entity or service which, at the behest of The Factory bvba, processes personal data and is responsible for the proper technical functioning of the website (data transmission).
Naturally, the data processing manager selects the processors with the utmost care. The processor must implement adequate technical and organisational safety measures to protect the personal data that are processed and to meet the obligations stipulated by article 28 of the Privacy Act.
The data processing manager assumes no liability in case of loss or corruption of data, identity theft, data theft, viruses or Trojan horses, SQL injections or any other type of attack on the processor’s computer systems or online cloud portals. Based on his professional expertise, the processor decides autonomously which application is technically most suitable to process the data. The data processing manager cannot be expected to have the same level of expertise.
2. Which personal data do we process and why?
2.1 Website
When you visit our website certain data are stored in the statistics of Google Analytics. These data include the IP address, browser type, device model, operating system, geography and the domain name of the website that referred you to our website, as well as the way in which you use our website. We use these statistics to analyse the use of our website for the purpose of the continued optimisation of our website and the detection of fraud. All data are anonymised; under no circumstances are they used to identify individual users. However, if criminal offences are committed via or against the website, these data can be used to ascertain the identity of the offender(s).
These data are collected through cookies placed by Google Analytics. On your first visit to our website you will be asked to accept the use of cookies. Please consult our cookie policy for more details on the nature of cookies, why we use them, which types of cookies are placed via our website, the retention period of the cookies and how you can manage them.
2.2 Ticket Sales
When you purchase a festival ticket your identification data such as your first and last name, address, box, postcode, city, email address and telephone number are registered. These data are necessary to be able to send you a valid ticket as well as for administrative and contractual purposes. These data are stored in a secure database on a secure server in Belgium for the statutory period of 7 years.
When buying festival tickets online, your payment details (bank card number and secret code) are securely processed by Worldline. They need these data for their communications with your bank because this ensures a secure online payment. Worldline stores your data as long as necessary to perform the requested services, based on the statutory period. More details on this subject are available in Worldline’s privacy policy.
If you have purchased a festival ticket from us then we reserve the right to use your data to send you practical information and keep you informed of novelties, events and services offered by The Factory bvba. We do this within the scope of our legitimate interest in promoting these services with our customers. If you no longer wish to receive information of this nature then you can use the unsubscribe link at the bottom of every information email you receive from us. Or you can send us a request in writing stating your email address.
2.3 Newsletter
When you subscribe to our newsletter, your first and last name and your email address are stored. We need these data to be able to send you the newsletter and share practical information, novelties, events and services. These data are stored until you unsubscribe from our newsletter.
Campaign Monitor stores your email address securely on servers in The United States. Campaign Monitor secures your data and respects your privacy. Moreover, the European Commission has concluded that the United States guarantee a suitable level of protection. For more information please refer to Campaign Monitor’s privacy policy.
2.4 At the festival
Main festival entrance and help desk
The data linked to your ticket are used both at the main entrance and at the help desk. This is necessary to carry out the agreement and to verify your identity as a fraud prevention measure. As soon as your ticket has been scanned, your ticket and the data linked to it are invalidated.
Pictures and videos
During the event atmosphere pictures are made which are then published on our website and/or social media. If you would like to be removed from a specific picture then this is possible upon simple request. Contact us at info@pukkelpop.be, describe the picture in question and we will comply with your request at the earliest opportunity.
If dedicated pictures are made during the event then we will ask for your verbal consent. If you so wish then the picture can be removed upon simple request. Contact us at info@pukkelpop.be and describe the picture in question.
During the event footage is shot that can be published online or on social media, or shown on TV. There is always a chance you may be filmed. By entering the festival arena you are waiving your portrait rights.
3. On what legal grounds are the personal data processed?
By accepting cookies, purchasing a ticket and/or subscribing to the newsletter, you are giving express consent to The Factory bvba to process your data for the above-mentioned purposes. Said consent also includes permission to forward the personal data to and have them processed by the owners of the intellectual rights to the Pukkelpop festival and the Pukkelpop brand, as well as by the owners of the domain names of the website.
In addition, The Factory bvba invokes its legitimate interest following the purchase of a festival ticket to use the data for communication regarding the festival and other events organised by The Factory bvba.
4. With whom do we share your personal data?
Apart from the categories of processors listed above and the assigned staff in the employ of The Factory bvba, no personal data are forwarded to third parties, unless at the explicit request of the judicial authorities and in cases where such is explicitly required by law. If The Factory bvba does wish to divulge certain personal data to third parties, users will be asked to give their express prior consent and this will be brought to that user’s attention.
5. How do we protect your personal data?
Personal data collected via the website are stored and processed in a secure electronic system inaccessible to third parties. These data can only be accessed by the assigned staff and the designated number of people in the employ of The Factory bvba who are authorised to view and process the data. In this manner The Factory bvba aims to prevent loss, theft or unauthorised access.
6. What are your rights?
As a user of the website and pursuant to the stipulations of the Privacy Act you have certain rights relating to the processing of your personal data:
Right of access and correction
You have the right to review and amend any personal data stored by The Factory bvba if you believe it may be incomplete and/or incorrect.
Right to erasure
You have the right to have your personal data removed from the database of The Factory bvba.
Right to lodge a complaint
If you are of the opinion that The Factory bvba has processed your data unjustly then you are entitled to lodge a complaint with the competent authority: https://www.privacycommission.be/
Right of revocation
You have the right to object against the processing of your personal data.
Right to restriction of processing
You have the right to (temporarily) suspend the processing of your personal data.
If you have any questions regarding the processing of your personal data by The Factory bvba or if you would like to exercise your rights pursuant to the Privacy Act, please submit a clear and motivated request in writing stating your email address to The Factory bvba at info@pukkelpop.be or via regular mail to Diestersteenweg 152, 3970 Leopoldsburg, Belgium.
7. Adjustability of the privacy policy
The Factory bvba has the right to adjust this privacy policy if necessary. Therefore it is advisable to regularly check this page for updates. The privacy policy was last updated on 7 May 2018.
This text is a translation from the Dutch language. In case of legal dispute, the original text shall apply.
STAY SAFE
NO PKP20