http://www.cmc.ie/content/privacy-policy
Skip to content
More
Main menu
News
Events
Composers
Music
Features
Podcasts
Projects
Shop
Secondary menu
About UsFacilities and Services
History
Governance
Staff
Board of Directors
ResourcesComposers
Media
Promoters
Performers
Students
Teachers
Catalogues
Irish Art Song Project
OpportunitiesCMC Opportunities
Composition Competitions
Awards and Other Opportunities
Supports / Courses
Calls for Works and Commission Opportunities
CONTACTSubscribe
You are hereHome › Privacy policy
Privacy policy
This statement relates to our privacy practices in connection with this website.
We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of other websites. Any external links to other websites are clearly identifiable as such.
General statement
The Contemporary Music Centre, Ireland Ltd (CMC) fully respects your right to privacy, and will not collect or publish any personal information about you through this website without your clear permission. Any personal information which you volunteer to CMC will be treated with the highest standards of security and confidentiality, strictly in accordance with the Data Protection Acts, 1988 - 2003.
Collection and use of personal information
CMC does not collect any personal data about you on this website, apart from information which you volunteer (for example by e-mailing us, by using our online feedback form or by making a credit card payments for items or events in our online shop). Any information which you provide in this way is not made available to any third parties, and is used by the CMC only in line with the purpose for which you provided it.
Collection and use of technical information
This website uses temporary "session" cookies which enable a visitor’s web browser to remember which pages on this website have already been visited. No other information is stored in this cookie. Visitors can use this website with no loss of functionality if cookies are disabled from the web browser. Technical details in connection with visits to this website are logged by our internet service provider for our statistical purposes. No information is collected that could be used by us to personally identify website visitors. The technical details logged are confined to the following items:
the IP address of the visitor’s web server
the top-level domain name used (for example .ie, .com, .org, .net)
the previous website address from which the visitor reached us, including any search terms used
Google Analytics which shows the traffic of visitors around this web site (for example pages accessed and documents downloaded)
the type of browser and operating system used by the website visitor
CMC will make no attempt to identify individual visitors, or to associate the technical details listed above with any individual. It is the policy of CMC never to disclose such technical information in respect of individual website visitors to any third party (apart from our internet service provider, which records such data on our behalf and which is bound by confidentiality provisions in this regard), unless obliged to disclose such information by law. The technical information will be used only by CMC, and only for statistical and other administrative purposes. You should note that technical details, which we cannot associate with any identifiable individual, do not constitute "personal data" for the purposes of the Data Protection Acts, 1988 – 2003.
Complaints about data processed via the website
If you are concerned about how personal data is processed via this website, please do not hesitate to bring such concerns to CMC by contacting us using the appropriate details on our Contact Us page.
Third Party Websites
This privacy policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy, information or other practices of any third parties, including any third party operating any website to which this website contains a link. The inclusion of a link on the website does not imply endorsement of the linked website by us.