https://www.flickfilosopher.com/privacy-policy
become a Patreon patron become a Patreon patron
film criticism by maryann johanson | since 1997
flickfilosopher nav on Netflix globally
dvd/vod US/Can
dvd/vod UK/Ire
movies for the resistance
movies by/about women
cinemas US/Can
cinemas UK/Ire
all posts
new comments
2020’s films ranked
2019’s films ranked
all reviews
Oscars
Best Pictures
Best Animated pix
about/contact
cinemas US/Can
cinemas UK/Ire
Home »
privacy policy
privacy policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which FlickFilosopher.com collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the https://www.flickfilosopher.com website (“Site”). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by FlickFilosopher.com.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways in connection with activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site.. Users may visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
FlickFilosopher.com may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
– To improve our Site
We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
– To send periodic emails
If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
Third party websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.
Changes to this privacy policy
FlickFilosopher.com has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
FlickFilosopher.com
PO Box 221
Bronx, NY 10470
914-843-9136
maryann@flickfilosopher.com
This document was last updated on January 12, 2019
Privacy policy created by http://www.generateprivacypolicy.com
login with Patreon
become a patron please help keep truly independent film criticism alive!
Pledge your support now.
(If you prefer to make a one-time donation, you can PayPal me. But you’ll miss out on the Patreon bonuses.)
FlickFilosopher.com does not accept guest posts, link placements, or sponsored content.
get the weekly digest email Sign up at MailChimp.
Never miss a review! Get a once-a-week email notification of all the latest goodies.
(Also opt in to hear about new fiction from MaryAnn, coming soon.)
I will never ever sell or share your email address. Promise.
follow
follow me on Twitter
support me on Patreon
follow me on Pinterest
friend me on Facebook
follow me on RSS
what I’m reading
all regions (where available):
what I’ve written
shop to support
As an Amazon Associate, I earn from qualifying purchases.
Amazon and the Amazon logo are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates.
FlickFilosopher.com does not accept guest posts, link placements, or sponsored content.
Copyright (c) 1997-2020 MaryAnn Johanson. All rights reserved. No content appearing on this site may be reproduced, reposted, or reused in any manner without express written permission. [email]
FlickFilosopher.com does not accept guest posts, link placements, or sponsored content.
privacy policy
image credits: apostrophe, myroom; both 123RF Stock Photo
hosted by Fused
memberOnline Film Critics Society
memberAlliance of Women Film Journalists
executive memberInternational Academy of Digital Arts and Sciences
as seen onRotten Tomatoes
top criticMovie Review Query Engine
Amazon US author page
Amazon UK author page
As an Amazon Associate, I earn from qualifying purchases.
Amazon and the Amazon logo are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates.
based on the Aggregate theme by
Elegant Themes | powered by
WordPress
MaryAnnJohanson.com
Copy link
CopyCopied
Powered by Social Snap