http://www.spotlightacademy.com/privacy
Toggle navigation
Home
AboutNewsAdultKidsCoachingLocationsPhotosVideosFacultyReviewsFAQContact
VISITOR PRIVACY POLICY
The Privacy Policy offered here, along with our terms of use offers an explanation regarding any personal data you may provide to us or that we garner from you.
The Policy is changed occasionally to update you regarding any changes, so please make sure you review the Privacy Policy.
1. Data and Information Collected
To operate our website it is essential to collect or process certain data, such as the following:
1.1 Information regarding your visits to our website, any resources you used such as traffic data, location data, weblogs, and any communication data (these items are included, but not limited to those specified).
1.2 Forms filled out on our website allow us to collect information about you regarding registration.
1.3 Any data collected from communications to us from you, for any reason.
2. How we use Cookies
It is possible that we may gather information regarding your computer for our services. This collection of data is used for statistical analysis about our website for use by us or our advertisers.
Any information shared will not identify who you are, but rather be mathematical data about our visitors and their use on our site. The data does not give out any personal details.
Cookies may be used to gather this general internet data. When used, cookies are downloaded to your computer without prompting. The cookie file is stored on your hard drive, where files are transferred to. This information helps us improve our site and services to you.
All computers can block cookies by activating proper browser settings. There is a place to enable you to decline cookies under the options menu. Please note if you decline cookies you may experience limited access to certain areas of our site.
3. Information Use
Any information collected and stored regarding you is to enable us to offer better services to you. We may also use the data collected for the following:
3.1 We may use data you provided in order to offer you information you asked for from out site, in direct relation to our services or products. We may also send information on products we feel might interest you, as long as you have consented to such communications.
3.2 Any commitments we made to you may require use of your information, used only to fulfill your request.
3.3 We may use your information to explain any changes our website has undergone such as structural or service/ product modifications, which could affect our service to you.
3.4 A new customer may be contacted by us if you have consented to such communication.
3.5 If you do not wish communication from our website you will be given the opportunity to decline said communication. We will not allow your information collected while you were on our site to be used by us or a third party if the consent is withheld.
4. Personal Data Storage
4.1 Any ecommerce transaction details will be encrypted to provide you safety.
4.2 Transmission of data via the internet is never completely secure, thus a guarantee of data sent electronically or transmitted cannot be given. Information offered is therefore at your own risk. If given a password or chosen to obtain a password, you can access the secure section, requiring the password to remain confidential by you, as your responsibility.
5. Third Party Links
Third Party Links to websites on our website are not included in our privacy policy. You will need to check their privacy policy regarding data. We do not accept liability or responsibility for third party links and their privacy policies.
6. Contacting Us
We are happy to receive any queries, comments, or requests you may have regarding our Privacy Policy. Feel free and do not hesitate to contact us.
Contact Us
© 2016 Spotlight Academy for Actors & Models, 1975, Haslam Road, Nanaimo BC V9X 1T1 Canada. Tel: +1 (250) 714-2555.
spotlight@shaw.ca
Home
Privacy
Terms of Use
Web Design