http://www.hampsteadtheatre.com/company/privacy-policy/
Privacy policy
PRIVACY STATEMENT1.      IntroductionHampstead Theatre is committed to protecting your personal information.Our Privacy Policy is designed to reassure our audience and other customers of the measures we will take to protect your information.  It explains when we collect your personal information and how and why we use it. The information you share with us will enhance your involvement and interaction with Hampstead Theatre.  In particular, it will help us create a more enriching experience for you by, for example, sending you information about new shows and casting announcements we think will interest you and ensure your experience of ticket-buying is as smooth as possible. We will ensure that at any time you can update the personal information we hold about you, change your preferences and choose how and when to interact with us. Hampstead Theatre will never sell your data to anyone else. If you have any questions about your information you can contact: Data Protection Hampstead Theatre Eton Avenue London
NW3 3EUdata@hampsteadtheatre.comHampstead Theatre is a registered charity (number 218506) and a company limited by guarantee (number 00707180) registered in England and Wales.  Hampstead Theatre operates the subsidiary companies Hampstead Theatre Productions Ltd (number 01385064), Hampstead Theatre Ventures Ltd (number 09114894) and Hampstead Theatre Enterprises Ltd (number 04547593).  All data processed by the subsidiary companies is controlled by Hampstead Theatre Ltd.2.      How We Collect Your Personal InformationWhen you engage with us, we collect your information; for example, when purchasing a ticket online or in-person or signing up to receive emails. IN MORE DETAILHampstead Theatre collects information in the following ways: 1. When you create an account at hampsteadtheatre.com to: purchase tickets and memberships; donate or join our supporter schemes; join our mailing list. 2. When you call us by phone to: buy tickets and memberships; donate or join our supporter schemes; attend fundraising events or workshops; give us your access requirements; join our mailing list. 3. When you speak to us in-person to: buy tickets and memberships; donate or join our supporter schemes; attend fundraising events or workshops; give us your access requirements; join our mailing list. 4. When you contact us by post to: donate or join our supporter schemes. 5. When you email us to: give us your access requirements or give us your dietary requirements for fundraising events. 6. When you visit our website we collect data on your IP address and use cookies to improve the service and experience we offer.  Our Cookies Policy provides you with more information about this. 7. When you use a third party seller to purchase tickets for our shows. 8. When you engage with us or contact us on social media. 9. When information is available about you publicly such as Google, Companies House, LinkedIn and information in newspapers and articles. 3.      What Types Of Information We CollectWe only collect and record information that is necessary to carry out our business, provide you with particular services and to keep you informed.  The more you engage with us, the more information we might collect.  You have a choice to not provide us with information; however, some services will not work as intended or at all if you choose not to provide necessary information. IN MORE DETAILInformation we may collect and record includes:
Name, date of birth, prefix.
Billing and Delivery addresses, email address, telephone numbers.
Transaction history.
Access requirements to ensure we meet your individual access needs eg preferred seat.
Dietary requirements to ensure we meet your needs for events you are attending.
Payment card details, but only for as long as is necessary to process your transaction and identify your transaction eg last four digits of your card.
Emails we send you, which we may track the receipt or opening of so we can ensure the content remains relevant.
IP addresses and cookies, which tell us when you visited the website, the link you used to visit our website and your internet browser.
Personal information gained from external sources, which helps us gain a better understanding of our audiences and improve our marketing and fundraising.  Examples include:
Social media – depending on your privacy settings within services such as Facebook and Twitter.
Public sources – information found in Companies House, LinkedIn and newspapers.
4.      Why We Collect Your Personal Information and How We Use ItWe collect your personal information principally to provide you with services you have requested.  We also use your personal information to better understand our audience and their interests.  We will only contact you via email when you have given us permission to do so except where it is necessary to fulfil a contract with you eg online ticket purchases. If required, your contact details may be shared with NHS Test and Trace or Public Health Officers to help to identify and notify people who may have been exposed to the Covid virus. Any data collected solely for this purpose will be deleted after 21 days. More details on what may happen to your data can be found here: https://www.gov.uk/guidance/maintaining-records-of-staff-customers-and-visitors-to-support-nhs-test-and-traceIN MORE DETAILWe will use your personal information to carry out our business and to provide a service or carry out a contract with you, for example to:
Fulfil ticket, merchandise, donation and membership requests.
Process payments (NB Hampstead Theatre does not store credit card or other payment information once the transaction has been completed unless you have chosen to store your card details for future transactions).
Inform you of and invite you to events and other activities relevant to your membership or sponsorship benefits.
Provide customer services to you and administrate the booking process.
Contact you with important information regarding your booking such as confirmation of your order, reminders about any forthcoming visits or informing you of any cancellations or alterations to the performance you have booked for.
Where we have your consent, we will use your personal information to:
Inform you via email about forthcoming performances, casting announcements, ticket offers and other information about Hampstead Theatre.
Inform you via email about specific topics which you’ve shown an interest eg access performances or opportunities to support our work philanthropically.
Send emails inviting you to give feedback comments after the show and use your comments to promote the show.
Advertise via digital advertising platforms about what’s on, our products, services and news.
Share your details with other arts organisations who have coproduced work you have seen at Hampstead Theatre but only when you have given specific and separate consent for us to do so.  These other organisations should contact you to let you know that they’ve collected your data and ask if you’re happy to continue hearing from them.
Where we have a legal obligation to:
Use CCTV recording equipment in and around our premises for monitoring and security purposes.
Detect and reduce fraud and credit risk.
Where we have legitimate interest to:
Learn about your interests and preferences so that we can contact you with information that is relevant to you.
Help us target our marketing communications and adverts so they’re more relevant to you.
Send relevant invitations to events, press night or other fundraising opportunities via post or phone if we believe this would be of interest.
Record phone calls for training and monitoring purposes.
Use your pseudonymised details to show you advertising on Social Media platforms such as Facebook and Instagram or via other third party advertising that may appear on other websites you use.
Classify our audience into groups or segments, using booking and publicly available information. These segments help us to understand our audience better and ensure we’re sending relevant messages to each group.
Participate in the Audience Agency Audience Finder initiative as a mandatory condition of Arts Council England funding.  Audience Finder uses aggregate data which allows cultural institutions to understand, compare and apply audience insight.
Measure and understand how our audiences respond to a variety of marketing activity so we can ensure our activity is well targeted, relevant and effective.
Analyse and continually improve the services we offer including our artistic output, our website and our other products.
Help us run the test version of our website that we use internally to pilot new features and ensure the smooth running of our web services.
Keep our database accurate and relevant, for example, using National Change of Address.
FUNDRAISINGTo fulfil our fundraising goals as a charity, we also collect information to inform our teams about prospective donors whose current engagement with Hampstead Theatre suggests a possible interest in supporting us further in the future.  We want to ensure we provide appropriate opportunities for people who want to support our work on a deeper level. Philanthropic support is vital to enable us to build on our rich history and move theatre forward.  We are renowned for original, entertaining and ambitious work and the contribution of supporters to this work is vital.We will ensure our fundraising is legal, open, honest and respectful, and complies with relevant laws and regulations.  We will do this in a number of ways: 1. Current audienceWe may compile additional information about a small number of our audience, including Hampstead Theatre booking patterns, individual connections, business network information and publicly available information relating to: residential location, wealth and assets, family (not including information about children unless given personally or made public by the individual concerned), career, donations to other organisations (including political parties where they are made public by the individual), hobbies and interests to create a profile of their interests and preferences. This helps us understand the background and interests of the people who are currently engaging with our work and may subsequently choose to support us, enabling us to make appropriate invitations and requests for donations to those who may be able and willing to give. We may also use publicly sourced information and images to help identify individuals who attend our performances or special events, and we may send information about upcoming events, workshops, talks and other invitations, if we believe these may be of interest. These could include opportunities to get closer to our work by joining our Friends and Patron schemes, engaging in corporate membership or corporate sponsorship, offering trust and foundation support or other relevant fundraising initiatives.2. Current donorsWe will ask all individual donors at our Friends level and above for their consent for us to email them specific fundraising email communications, or email them invitations as per the benefits of their engagement with us. We will always endeavour to tell them about the aspects of our work that we think are most relevant to their interests, including ways to support our artistic programme. We ask for permission for accreditation in programmes, our annual review, on online webpages and on thank you panels in our building.  We respect the rights to anonymity if the donor so requests.  Our aim is always to ensure our communications to our supporters are personal, relevant and timely, and designed to provide the most rewarding engagement with our work.If you wish to receive fundraising communications via email, we encourage you to sign up to our mailing list and update your opt in preferences. You can also do this by telling our Box Office Team or Development Teams over the phone or in person.  We respect anyone’s right to withdraw their consent from this form of electronic communication and once informed of a preference change, we will cease this form of contact. 3. Prospect researchWe will use research from a number of different publicly available sources to identify potential supporters and their interests in addition to those of our current supporters, aiding us in our fundraising activities. This may include newspaper websites and archives, housing market websites and the electoral roll as well as official websites of companies, charities and other arts organisations. In addition to this research we also make use of company, director and shareholder information from publicly available, officially registered information providers, such as trustfundraising.org, LinkedIn and 192.com.If we have identified a specific company or trust and foundation through this research that we believe may be interested in supporting our work, we may contact the people specifically connected to these bodies via publicly available contact information, such as a relevant work email address. If we identify an individual, we may contact them via phone or by post.  As a charity, we believe that this in the legitimate interest of our fundraising needs. We will always ensure we conduct an appropriate legitimate interest assessment to ensure that we are not infringing on your rights.The Development Department monitors prospective donors and corporate partnerships for compliance and risk. 5.      How We Handle Your Information and Other OrganizationsHampstead Theatre will never share, sell, rent or trade your personal information to any third parties for marketing purposes.  We will ask for your consent to share personal information with organisations we have co-produced work with that you may have seen in our theatre or in collaboration with Hampstead Theatre at another venue.  These requests will be specific to the individual organisation so that your consent decision is informed.We use a number of data processors in order to help us provide the services you request. These organisations are obligated to act on our instruction in relation to their use of your personal data and do not have any control over your data in their own right.  We make sure anyone who provides a service for Hampstead Theatre enters into an agreement with us and meets our standards for data security.  They will not use your data for anything other than the clearly defined purpose relating to the service that they are providing.IN MORE DETAILExamples of what data we may share and with whom:
Name on card, credit card number, billing address, CVV, amount of transaction and order number (all encrypted) with Tessitura and Mastercard Payment Gateway in order to process credit card transactions.
Name on bank account, bank account number, sort code, amount of direct debit, frequency and customer number with our online banking provider in order to process direct debit transactions.
Name, date of birth, prefix, billing and delivery addresses, email address, telephone numbers, transaction history, access and dietary requirements with Tessitura our ticketing systems provider.
Name and email address with Wordfly in order to produce e-marketing campaigns and pre & post show emails (e-marketing campaigns require specific consent).
Name and email address with ShowBuzzness in order to produce feedback comments after shows you have seen.
Name, email address, IP address, geolocation and referring website if you use the Live Chat function on our website (using Live Chat requires specific consent).
Service providers who aggregate data in order for us to do benchmark reporting across the industry, specifically The Audience Agency for the purposes of the Audience Finder initiative.  For more information on the data they collect, please refer to the following links on their website: https://www.theaudienceagency.org/insight/data-collection-in-audience-finderhttps://www.theaudienceagency.org/insight/data-control-in-audience-finder
Named third party organisations if you ticked the relevant opt-in box when you purchased tickets. In these instances, we may supply your personal information to that specific organisation only:
We will only supply full name and email address in these data shares and only with your consent.
Other organisations such as competition organisers if you choose to take part in such activities that need administration by third parties and you choose to opt in for contact from those organisations:
We will only supply full name and email address in these data shares and only with your consent.
Third party advertisers (such as Facebook or Google) to help us identify customers similar to our audience or to serve adverts they deem relevant to you on third party websites. The information shared with these advertisers is pseudonymised to protect your personal data.
Where required to do so (for example, if required to do so by the ‘know your donor’ principles under charity law or a court order), or when requested by the police or a regulatory or government authority investigating illegal activities.
Hampstead Theatre is not responsible for the privacy notices and practices of other websites even if accessed using links from hampsteadtheatre.com and recommends that you check the policy of each website you visit and contact its owner or Data Protection Manager if you have any concerns or questions.Despite all our precautions, no data transmission over the internet is 100% secure. We cannot guarantee the security of any information which you disclose to us and so wish to draw your attention to the fact that you do so at your own risk. 6.      How We Protect Your DataHampstead Theatre is committed to protecting the personal information you entrust to us. We adopt robust and appropriate technologies and policies, so the information we have about you is protected from unauthorized access and improper use e.g. your online account is encrypted and our own network is protected.IN MORE DETAILHampstead Theatre uses robust and appropriate technologies and policies to ensure the information we have about you is protected from unauthorised access and improper use.  For example, your online account is password protected and encrypted and our network is protected by firewall and other software. Hampstead Theatre may transfer your data to the USA to organisations such as Facebook, Google or Wordfly.  We will ensure that only organisations who are a part of the EU privacy shield initiative, which requires organisations to adopt privacy measures equal to or greater than required by the EEA data protection law, will handle your personal information. More details on this certification can be found at www.privacyshield.gov/welcomeOur data retention policy is regularly reviewed to ensure that your information is kept only for as long as necessary for the purposes outlined in this privacy notice and to fulfil our legal obligations.  Further, we will not keep more information than is necessary.  Retention can vary for different types of data – eg we will keep your data from purchasing tickets for up to ten years from the last point of engagement;  for supporters we may keep your details indefinitely.  Please contact the Data Protection Officer for more information.   If you ask us to stop sending you direct marketing communications we will adhere to your requests, although we may keep a minimal amount of information (eg name, email address) to demonstrate we fulfilled your request. 7.      Your ChoicesYou should find it easy to access and amend the personal information that we hold on you, or request that we stop contacting you. It’s your data and we want to make sure you feel in control of it.If you have an online account with us, you can amend your personal details and email contact preferences at any time. Simply sign in on the web site and access your account by selecting your name at the top of the page.  We will always ensure it is as easy to unsubscribe from our communications as it is to subscribe and every email we send you will include details on how to change your communication preferences.   Alternatively, you can contact us by phoning, emailing, or writing using our contact details below.IN MORE DETAILIf you would like to see what information we hold about you, you can sign into your online account and make any changes required. You can also request full details of personal information we hold about you under the the General Data Protection Regulation, by contacting the Data Protection Manager. Please send a description of the information you would like to see, together with proof of your identity to data@hampsteadtheatre.com. At any time you have the right to ask Hampstead Theatre to amend or stop how it uses your personal information including for marketing purposes.You can do this by signing in to the website and accessing your account details or if you don’t have an account or if you prefer to, you can contact us by phoning, emailing or writing using our contact details below.You have the right to get information held about you by us corrected. If you have any concern about the accuracy of your personal data, please let us know using the below contact details.If you would like us to remove the personal information we hold about you, please contact us using the below contact details.You have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority, The Information Commissioner’s Office – www.ico.org.ukBy email: data@hampsteadtheatre.comBy phone: 020 7449 4200By post: Data Protection, Hampstead Theatre, Eton Avenue, London NW3 3EU8.      Updates or Changes to the Privacy Policy and Further InformationThis notice was updated on 18 May 2018. It may be updated to take into account changes at Hampstead Theatre or for example to reflect changes to regulation or legislation.Updates to this policy will be posted on this page – please check back from time to time. We may also inform you of any significant changes where we hold an appropriate email address for you.Further information on data protection regulations and laws can be found here:Data Protection: https://ico.org.uk/for-the-publicFundraising regulator: www.fundraisingregulator.org.uk/code-of-fundraising-practice/code-of-fundraising-practice
Company
Terms and conditions
Privacy policy
Cookies Policy
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Instagram
Print
KEEP IN TOUCHSubscribe to our emails to be the first to hear about new shows and casting announcements.And, just so you know, we never share your email with anyone.
Sign-up Now
getting to usWe're only down the road from Baker Street, so there are many ways to get to us whether it be by tube, train, bus, car, bike or on foot. Click here to discover your best route.
Location
Hampstead Theatre,
Eton Avenue, Swiss Cottage,
London, NW3 3EU
BOX OFFICE: 020 7722 9301
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Instagram
Contact Us
Keeping You Safe at Hampstead
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Access
Our Supporters
Make a donation
Individual Support
© 2020 Hampstead Theatre| Registered Charity no: 218506
We use cookies (sadly inedible) to improve how our site works. Read our cookie policy here or accept to continue.