http://www.ysone.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Thank you for visiting YSone.com. If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern YSone.com’s relationship with you in relation to this website. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use our website.
Privacy Policy
We allow 3rd-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our web site or mobile application. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information such as time and date, browsing or transaction activity, your browser type, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over, or a platform-provided identifier during your visits to YSONE.com and other websites you have visited in order to provide/serve advertisements about goods and/or services likely to be of interest to you. These companies may use technologies such as cookies to collect this information.
Terms of Service
The term ‘YSone.com’ or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the owner of the website. The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website.
YSone.com reserves the right to publish every email sent to us. If you send us an email you have no expectation of privacy. If you don’t want it published don’t send it.
Regarding photo submissions: YSone.com have the right to edit and/or alter any submission. YSone.com reserves the right not to use the submission at all and/or to use as much or as little of the submission as it chooses.
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
All trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property of, or licensed to the operator, are acknowledged on the website.
Unauthorized use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offense.
This website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
Third-party ad servers
Third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology so the advertisements and links that appear on www.YSone.com can be managed effectively. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see. www.YSone.com has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers. You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. www.YSone.com privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites. If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options.
Find us on Facebook
Savings at all your Favorite Stores!Find us on Pinterest.
Find us on Pinterest.
Recent Posts
Top 10 “Cash for Clunkers” Trade-Ins
Arsenal’s Puma Kit Colors throughout the Years
Arsène Wenger Famous Quotes of 2015
Puma Sponsored Athletes and Superstars
The Recovery Tool Every Athlete Should Be Using
Boats that Hold the Water Speed Records for Being the Fastest Boats in the World
Athletes Who Are Enjoying the Most Sex: Players in These Sports Get the Most Action
Boxer to BBQ Master, How George Foreman went from Sports to BBQ
5 Celebrity Moms who Got their Abs Back after Pregnancy with Belly/Ab Binders (Girdles)
Top 10 Different Beard Styles of CROSSFITTERS – Short, Long, Full and COOL!
‘All Natural’ African bodybuilder defies odds and goes from Kid to Beast
16 Pictures of Tennis’ Hottest Player to Hit the Courts, Eugenie Bouchard
Reporter Interviews Famous Football Player – Realizes its Him after interview is Over!
20 Bodybuilder Transformations who went from Nothing to EVERYTHING
10 Times Paige Hathaway Proved that Lifting weights is Sexy
Adidas Cancel Sponsorship if Player involved with Scientology
12 Times Michelle Lewin Woke up and Showed the World with Her Natural Beauty
5 Insanely Huge Guys that are Real & NOT Photoshopped
84 Pictures of the Hottest Crossfit Women in the World
Neymar’s Hairstyles and Haircuts that have Come and Gone
Hottest Wives & Girlfriends of Real Madrid Soccer Team
15 Hot Soccer Players Who are Blazing Up The Pitch
8 Professional Athletes Who Do Crossfit
Vice President of US, Joe Biden, Weight-lifting at the White House
54 yr-old Mark Jordan Just Broke The World Record for Pull-Ups
Cristiano Ronaldo Dribbling, Juggling Disguised as Homeless Man
Hottest Female Athletes On and Off The Court
8 Things You Didn’t Know about Giselle Bunchen
This 9 yr-Old just Signed with a Top Italian Soccer Team
Women’s UFC Figther Ronda Rousey Breaks TV Show Host Ribs