http://www.griffinpoetryprize.com/privacy
Skip to content
Privacy and Linking Policies
This is the Web site of The Griffin Trust For Excellence In Poetry.
Our postal address is:
363 Parkridge Crescent
Oakville, Ontario L6M 1A8
Canada
We can be reached via e-mail at info@griffinpoetryprize.com or you can reach us by telephone at (905) 618-0420.
Privacy
The following privacy policy will assist you in understanding the types of information about visitors to the site which we collect, and the availability of the material posted here for personal or public use.
Please refer to our Copyright page for more information on copyrighted content, acknowledgement of other copyrighted material, and guidelines on usage of material presented here.
About information you provide to the Griffin Trust
In selected places on our Web site, we may request information from you. This might include your name, e-mail address, other contact information, and other identifying or demographic information. We use this information to:
send you announcements, press releases, prize deadline reminders and other bulletins from the Griffin Trust, if you’ve requested them
provide you with information you have requested about the Griffin Trust or the Griffin Poetry Prize
send you requested Griffin Poetry Prize marketing materials
send you or a colleague an e-mail message you’ve requested.
We will never share, sell or rent individual personal information without your advance permission or unless ordered by a court of law.
For visitors to our site who are under 18 years of age, we strongly recommend that you obtain the permission of a parent or guardian before providing us with any information.
Forward a friend a message
Griffin Trust broadcast e-mail messages to opted-in subscribers provide facilities for subscribers to forward a Griffin Trust message or announcement to a friend. The Griffin Trust uses the e-mail addresses entered to send the requested message, and the number of e-mail messages sent is tracked. However, the Griffin Trust does not use the e-mail addresses for any other purpose.
Opting out
When you subscribe to the Griffin Trust mailing list, we provide simple instructions with each message explaining how to cancel your subscription.
About information the Griffin Trust collects automatically
Technical and demographic information
The Griffin Trust collects technical and demographic information via this Web site that does not personally identify Web site visitors. Examples of this type of information include the computer operating system you use, your Internet browser, your domain name, your IP address, and the Web pages you view. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
We use this information to diagnose problems with our Web site and to better tailor its content and organization to site visitors’ needs.
Cookies
The Griffin Trust Web site does not set any cookies.
E-mail open rates and clicks
Griffin Trust broadcast e-mail messages are designed such that we can track the open rates of the HTML versions of these messages. This allows the Griffin Trust to improve the quality of the messages we send to our subscribers. We also track clicks on links in broadcast e-mail messages to the Griffin Trust Web site.
How the information you provided is protected
Griffin Trust broadcast e-mail messages are sent and the Griffin Trust e-mail mailing list is managed using a system provided by Inbox Marketer, with whom the Griffin Trust has a client agreement. Inbox Marketer takes strong precautions to protect information housed in its system from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, alteration or destruction. Information housed in the Inbox Marketer system is stored on a secure server, in a locked room. Only Inbox Marketer employees who need this information to do their jobs have access to it. All Inbox Marketer employees are made aware of the importance the company places on privacy, and what they can do to ensure information is securely protected. Please visit Inbox Marketer for additional information on their privacy and security practices.
How you can change the information you provided
If you have provided information to the Griffin Trust and would like it deleted from our records, or you would like to change information you’ve given us, please send an e-mail message to info@griffinpoetryprize.com.
From time to time, we may use visitor information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future, we will post the policy changes to this page to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, please check this page periodically.
Links
The Griffin Trust Web site may link to the Web sites of poetry and poetry-related associations, publishers, organizations, interest groups, awards, sites devoted to specific artists, as well as groups and resources from around the world that we believe site visitors will find interesting or useful. These links are based on our knowledge of the site, organization or publication, and requests from groups we are unfamiliar with may not be accepted, due to the time required to exercise due diligence in this area.
The Griffin Trust is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of linked Web sites. Although The Griffin Trust makes every effort to link only to very high quality, professional organizations, parents are advised to review the material their children are viewing. Children and adults are advised never to disclose personal identifiers such as name, gender, address, location of one’s school or other items that could jeopardize their personal safety, and to review the privacy policy posted on any site they visit.
Contacting the Griffin Trust For Excellence In Poetry
If you feel that this Web site is not following its stated policies, you may contact us at:
363 Parkridge Crescent
Oakville, Ontario L6M 1A8
Canada
We can be reached via e-mail at info@griffinpoetryprize.com or you can reach us by telephone at (905) 618-0420.
Leave a Reply Cancel replyYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name *
Email *
Website
Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
Tweets by @griffinpoetry