http://www.wisegal.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy policy
Privacy policy
Wiseman Fine Art Ltd Privacy Policy
Introduction
Wiseman Fine Art Ltd (Trading as Sarah Wiseman Gallery, website name www.wisegal.com) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy and personal data. We ask your consent to store it (you can withdraw this consent at any time). We store it securely. We process it fairly and lawfully. We never share it with anyone. We will delete it if you ask us to. We won't contact you if you ask us not to.
This Privacy Policy sets out how Wiseman Fine Art Ltd collect, use and process your personal data both when you use this website and elsewhere. This policy is compliant with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Our Date Promise: Last updated 16/05/18
Wiseman Fine Art Ltd may update this Privacy Policy from time to time by amending this web page. Please check this page regularly for changes to this Privacy Policy. If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy we will notify you before they take effect. Any such material changes will only apply to personal data collected after the revised Privacy Policy took effect.
If you have any queries regarding this policy and / or your data privacy, please contact us using any of the following:
Email: info@wisegal.com Phone: 01865 515123
Address: Wiseman Fine Art Ltd, T/A Sarah Wiseman Gallery (website www.wisegal.com), 40/41 South Parade, Summertown, Oxford, OX2 7JL
Contents
Who we are?
What is 'personal data'?
How do we collect personal data?
What type of personal data is collected and processed?
What are our lawful bases for processing personal data?
How do we use personal data?
How long do we keep personal data?
What will we not do with personal data
How secure is personal data that we process?
What are your rights in relation to your personal data?
How we use cookies
Links to other websites
Who are we?
Data Controller: Wiseman Fine Art Ltd, trading as Sarah Wiseman Gallery (website name www.wisegal.com). Registered Limited Company in England and Wales registration no. 3511154,VATno. 68580310, the registered address is: 40/41 South Parade, Summertown, Oxford, OX2 7JL
What is 'personal data?
The GDPR applies to 'personal data', meaning any information relating to an identifiable person who can be directly or indirectly identified from that information.
How do we collect personal data?
We collect personal data about you if you use our website, if you contact us about products and services, via the website or in person at the gallery or at events, if you're a customer or supplier, or if you register to receive our newsletter.
What type of personal data is collected and processed?
We collect and process the following personal data:
Name
Contact information including email address
Information you give us. You may provide us with personal information about you by
completing the request forms on our website or by corresponding with us by phone,
e-mail or otherwise.
You may also provide us with information when you search for a particular service,
order a service or product on our website, contact us via the website or report a
problem with our website
What are our lawful bases for processing personal data?
The GDPR demands that we have a valid lawful basis to process personal data. There are six available legal bases for processing. We rely on at least one of the following legal bases when we collect personal data in the ways described above:
Your consent, which is explicitly given and can be easily withdrawn
A legitimate interest, ours and / or yours. If you ask us for information, it is in your
legitimate interest that we process your personal data. If we have a contractual relationship with you, it is in both our legitimate interests that we process your personal data to fulfil our contractual obligations.
How do we use personal data?
Wiseman Fine Art Ltd use personal data for the following reasons:
To respond to explicit requests about our products and services
To improve our products and services
To manage our employees, suppliers, clients, contractors, prospects and contacts
To maintain our own accounts and records
To inform you of Sarah Wiseman Gallery news, events, activities and services.
How long do we keep personal data?
We keep personal data so long as we have consent to keep it or a legitimate interest in keeping it.
What will we not do with personal data?
We will not sell, share, distribute or lease your personal data with third parties unless we have your permission or we are required by law to share it.
How secure is the personal data we process?
Wiseman Fine Art Ltd is committed to ensuring that personal data is secure. Personal data is treated as strictly confidential.
To prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, technical and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure personal data.
Any information you give us relating to debit/credit card details is handled by a PCI DSS compliant third party and encrypted using secure server technology. We do not hold any debit/credit card information on a server.
The gallery uses www.constantcontact.com to manage our email newsletter, by subscribing to our newsletter you are permitting us to transfer your details to Constant Contact. You can read their privacy statement here: https://www.constantcontact.com/uk/legal/privacy-statement
You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the link in the newsletter.
At Wiseman Fine Art Ltd we have been assured by all our suppliers that they are compliant with the new GDPR law. We have to take their statements on trust that they have taken the necessary precautions to be compliant with the law within their own business. We will review all of these policies and statements on a regular basis
If you place an order with us your information may be processed by our staff or by the staff of our suppliers to the extent necessary to fulfil your order. By submitting your personal information to us, you agree to the transfer of your personal information, its storage and processing.
The transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to us via the website or email; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
CCTV - in the gallery we use a closed CCTV system for security, this system cannot be accessed via the internet. The system is vital for the security of art works and staff. The images on the system are stored for three weeks. The system is regularly maintained by a security company. Only the gallery director, members of the police or insurance company officials have access to this information. The information is only accessed if there has been an incident in the gallery. Access to the information is occasionally applied for by the Police if an incident occurs and the footage is thought to be relevant or in the public interest.
What are your rights in relation to your personal data?
The GDPR gives individuals the following rights in relation to their personal data:
The right to be informed about the collector, collection, and processing of your personal data (which is what we are doing in this Privacy Policy)
The right to access their personal data, i.e. you can ask us for a copy of your personal data. We must respond to such requests within one month
The right to rectification, i.e. you can ask us to amend your personal data if it is inaccurate or out of date. We must respond to such requests within one month
The right to request that your personal data is erased where there is no compelling reason for its continued processing
The right to request that we restrict processing of your personal data if you contest its accuracy or the legitimacy of its processing
The right to data portability, i.e. the right to request that we provide you with your personal data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format
The right to object to the processing of personal data for legitimate interests, the performance of a task in the public interest / exercise of official authority, direct marketing, and / or scientific or historical research and statistics
The right to escalate any data privacy complaints to the Information Commissioners' Office.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences. A cookie cannot read data from your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites.
The gallery website www.wisegal.com uses Google Analytics Tracking, visitor software that uses cookies to track information about how visitors come to the website, which pages they visit, and other actions that visitors make whilst on the site. This data is then used in order to improve the user experience of the web site. All user data collected in this manner is anonymous.
Should you wish to do so, you can refuse cookies by disabling them in your web browser's settings, and you do not need to have cookies turned on to successfully use our website. Most browsers are defaulted to accept and maintain cookies, you can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it or not. Please consult the support documentation for your web browser, which can be found online, for more information.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement
Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2020 Sarah Wiseman Gallery
Site by Artlogic
40 - 41 South Parade Summertown Oxford OX2 7JL
Tel: 01865 515 123   Email: info@wisegal.com
Join our mailing list
View terms and conditions
Facebook, opens in a new tab.Twitter, opens in a new tab.Pinterest, opens in a new tab.Instagram, opens in a new tab.Join the mailing listView on Google Maps