http://www.tattonpark.org.uk/system_pages/privacy_policy.aspx
Privacy Policy
__
Toggle navigation
Toggle search
Tatton Park homepage
Home
Plan your visit
Opening times
Parkland Passes
Book Tickets
FAQs about Tatton Park
How to find us
Groups
Learning
Meetings
Access for all
Stay with us
Explore
Mansion
Gardens
Farm
Parkland
Old Hall
Stableyard Shopping and Eating
What's on
Autumn Adventures
Learning Hub
Events
Exhibitions
Hire
Weddings and Celebrations
Filming and Photography
Corporate
Outdoor events
Your Tatton
Press and media
Volunteer with us
Work with us
Our vision
Tatton Park Charitable Trust
Search the Tatton Park website
Buy tickets
Search
Plan your autumn adventures - visits need to be pre-booked with arrival times.
Home
System Pages
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
What personal information is being processed, and what for
Tatton Park is committed to protecting your privacy. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Tatton Park website and our e-marketing practices, and governs data collection and usage. By using the Tatton Park website and subscribing to receive e-mail messages from us, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Tatton Park collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Tatton Park also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your post code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favourites.
Tatton Park encourages you to review the privacy statements of any website you visit as a result of following links from the Tatton Park website so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. Tatton Park is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the Cheshire East Council family of websites.
Tatton Park collects and uses your personal information to operate the Tatton Park website and deliver the services you have requested, such as keeping you up to date with information which we think might be of interest to you. Tatton Park also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Cheshire East Council and its affiliates. Tatton Park may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Why we are allowed to use your information
By opting in to share personal information through our web forms you are providing consent for us to use your information.
Who we will share your information with
Tatton Park does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Tatton Park may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Tatton Park may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Tatton Park and Cheshire East Council, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Tatton Park does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Cheshire East Council websites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Cheshire East Council or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Cheshire East Council; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Cheshire East Council, or the public.
Where we get your information from
Personal information will be supplied by you upon completion of web forms which specifically request this data to allow us to fulfil the service requested.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Tatton Park. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by Tatton Park for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Tatton Park website.
How long we will keep your personal information
Tatton Park will hold your personal data for up to 5 years at whichpoint we will contact you to ascertain whether you still provide your consentfor us to hold and use your data.
How your information is stored
Tatton Park secures your personal information from unauthorised access, use or disclosure. Tatton Park secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorised access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
In the case of e-marketing, your data is securely sent to a ‘data processor’ who stores data on behalf of Tatton Park for communications purposes. We have worked with them to ensure that their working practices are compliant with GDPR regulations.
What happens if you don't provide us with your information
If you do not provide us with personal information when requested, please note it may not be possible for us to supply you with the service you require.
Will your information be used to make automated decisions
Tatton Park keeps track of the websites and pages our customers visit within Tatton Park, in order to determine what Tatton Park services are the most popular. This data may be used to deliver customised content and advertising within Tatton Park to customers whose behaviour indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
The Tatton Park website use "cookies" to help you personalise your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a website via your web browser. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
For more information please refer to our Cookies page
Will this information be transferred abroad
Tatton Park will not transfer personal information out of the EEA.
Your rights
You have a number of rights regarding your personal data, including withdrawing your consent where we have asked for it.  You can also ask for a copy of the information we hold about you and ask us to correct anything that is wrong.  For detailed information about your rights please see our privacy notice at www.cheshireeast.gov.uk
Tatton Park will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Tatton Park encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Tatton Park is protecting your information.
Tatton Park welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Tatton Park has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Tatton Park. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
Facebook
This website uses Facebook tracking technology called Facebook Pixel. As such, if you are logged on to Facebook while using this website, Facebook will be able to identify that you have visited this site. Tatton Park may collect or receive information from Facebook to provide measurement services and target ads.
Control Facebook’s use of cookies to show you ads
You can control how Facebook use data to show you ads by using the tools described on the Facebook Cookies and Other Storage Technologies page.
Opt-out of the collection and use of information for ad targeting
You can opt-out of the collection and use of information for ad targeting by visiting websites such as www.aboutads.info/choices and www.youronlinechoices.eu.
Use of Cookies
The Tatton Park website use "cookies" to help you personalise your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a website via your web browser. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
For more information please refer to our Cookies page.
Security of your Personal Information
Tatton Park secures your personal information from unauthorised access, use or disclosure. Tatton Park secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorised access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
The National Fraud Initiative
Cheshire East Borough Council takes part in the National Fraud Initiative as required by law. Our National Fraud Initiative page explains how this affects your personal information.
Changes to this Statement
Tatton Park will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Tatton Park encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Tatton Park is protecting your information.
Contact Information
Tatton Park welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Tatton Park has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Tatton Park. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
Visit us
Tatton ParkKnutsfordCheshireWA16 6QN (Sat Nav WA16 6SG)
Directions (Google Maps)
Get in touch
General Enquiries: 01625 374400
Tatton Infoline: 01625 374435
Email: tatton@cheshireeast.gov.uk
Sign up for enews
Press and media
Website information
FAQs about Tatton Park
Help and Accessibility
Sitemap
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
E-ticket Terms and Conditions
Cheshire Peak District
Visit Britain
Visit England awards
National Trust
Cheshire East Council
Browser does not support script.
Browser does not support script.
Browser does not support script.
Browser does not support script.
Browser does not support script.
Browser does not support script.
Browser does not support script.
Browser does not support script.
Browser does not support script.