http://www.jeffreyhewer.com/privacy-policy
HomeBioCalendarJeffrey Hewer Trio and QuartetAudioVideoLessons and TeachingPhoto GalleryContactPrivacy Policy
Jeffrey Hewer
HomeBioCalendarJeffrey Hewer Trio and QuartetAudioVideoLessons and TeachingPhoto GalleryContactPrivacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes how and when I collect, use, and share information when you contact me, or otherwise use my services through jeffreyhewer.com.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of third parties that I do not own or control, including Hostbaby or any third party services you access through Hostbaby. You can reference the Hostbaby Privacy Policy to learn more about its privacy practices.
Information I Collect
To communicate with me, you must provide me with certain information (which you authorised Hostbaby to provide to me), such as your name and email address. You may also choose to provide me with additional personal information if you contact me directly.
Why I Need Your Information and How I Use It
I rely on a number of legal bases to collect, use, and share your information, including:
as needed to provide my services, such as when I use your information to fulfil your order, to settle disputes, or to provide customer support;
when you have provided your affirmative consent, which you may revoke at any time, such as by signing up for my mailing list;
if necessary to comply with a legal obligation or court order or in connection with a legal claim, such as retaining information about your purchases if required by tax law; and
as necessary for the purpose of my legitimate interests, if those legitimate interests are not overridden by your rights or interests, such as 1) providing and improving my services. I use your information to provide the services you requested and in my legitimate interest to improve my services.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
Information about my customers is important to my business. I share your personal information for very limited reasons and in limited circumstances, as follows:
Service providers. I engage certain trusted third parties to perform functions and provide services to my shop, such as delivery companies. I will share your personal information with these third parties, but only to the extent necessary to perform these services.
Business transfers. If I sell or merge my business, I may disclose your information as part of that transaction, only to the extent permitted by law.
Compliance with laws. I may collect, use, retain, and share your information if I have a good faith belief that it is reasonably necessary to: (a) respond to legal process or to government requests; (b) enforce my agreements, terms and policies; (c) prevent, investigate, and address fraud and other illegal activity, security, or technical issues; or (d) protect the rights, property, and safety of my customers, or others.
Data Retention
I retain your personal information only for as long as necessary to provide you with my services and as described in my Privacy Policy. However, I may also be required to retain this information to comply with my legal and regulatory obligations, to resolve disputes, and to enforce my agreements. I generally keep your data for the following time period: 4 years.
Transfers of Personal Information Outside the EU
I may store and process your information through third-party hosting services in the US and other jurisdictions. As a result, I may transfer your personal information to a jurisdiction with different data protection and government surveillance laws than your jurisdiction.
If I am deemed to transfer information about you outside of the EU, I rely on iCloud, which encrypts it when it’s in transit, stores it in iCloud in an encrypted format, and uses secure tokens for authentication, as the legal basis for the transfer.
Your Rights
If you reside in certain territories, including the EU, you have a number of rights in relation to your personal information. While some of these rights apply generally, certain rights apply only in certain limited cases. I describe these rights below:
You may have the right to access and receive a copy of the personal information I hold about you by contacting me using the contact information below.
Change, restrict, delete. You may also have rights to change, restrict my use of, or delete your personal information. Absent exceptional circumstances (like where I am required to store data for legal reasons) I will generally delete your personal information upon request.
You can object to (i) my processing of some of your information based on my legitimate interests and (ii) receiving marketing messages from me after providing your express consent to receive them. In such cases, I will delete your personal information unless I have compelling and legitimate grounds to continue using that information or if it is needed for legal reasons.
If you reside in the EU and wish to raise a concern about my use of your information (and without prejudice to any other rights you may have), you have the right to do so with your local data protection authority.
How to Contact Me
For purposes of EU data protection law, I, Jeffrey Hewer, am the data controller of your personal information. If you have any questions or concerns, you may contact me at jeffrey.hewer@gmail.com.
Upcoming Shows:
Previous events
Jul14
Matt & Phreds Live Stream Concert
Tuesday, July 14 @ 6:00PMTue, Jul 14 @ 6:00PM
Time for some solo guitar courtesy of the wonderful folks at Matt & Phreds. I'll be playing a set of jazz standards and jazz tunes sans accompaniment - and trying my best to play the right notes
Share
Jul5
Seven Arts Unlocked Jazz
Sunday, July 5 @ 1:30PMSun, Jul 5 @ 1:30PM
seven Arts, Leeds
Share
View on Google Maps
May17
Jazz Leeds Live Sunday Lockdown Featuring Jeffrey Hewer
Sunday, May 17 @ 1:30PMSun, May 17 @ 1:30PM
Jazz Leeds Lockdown video show - Week 9
Share
« First
‹ Prev
1
2
…
80
Next ›
Last »
Cookie Consent
Follow/Like Me!