http://www.americanquilter.com/about_aqs/privacy_statement.php
American Quilter's Society
Search
Site Search
Products
Calendar of Events
Articles
Patterns
News
Appraisers
Guilds
Shops
Shows
Create an Account | Login
Wishlist View Cart
AQS on Facebook AQS on Twitter AQS on YouTube AQS on Instagram AQS on Pinterest
Home
AmericanQuilterMagazine
Renew Membership
Gift Membership
Featured Magazine Content
AQ Digital Issues
Web Bonuses
Downloadable Files
Patterns
Available AQ Back Issues
Indexes
2019 Index
2018 Index
2017 Index
2016 Index
2015 Index
2014 Index
2013 Index
2012 Index
2011 Index
2010 Index
2009 Index
2008 Index
2001-2007 Index
AQ Article Submission Guidelines
Advertisers Media Kit
Staff Biographies
Contact AQ Editor
QuiltWeek
iquilt
ShopAQS
Videos
QuiltingCommunity
AQS News
AQS MyQuiltPlace
AQS Authors
AQS iquilt Instructors
AQS Appraisers
Appraisers Program
Appraisers List
Community Events
Quilt Guilds
Quilt Shops
Join / Renew
AQSBlog
MembersOnly
Section Navigation
Join AQS Today
Who we are
How did we get started
Mission
Staff Biographies
Contact Us
AQS Employment
Site Map
American Quilter's Society
PO Box 3290
Paducah, KY 42002-3290
Toll-free (for orders only, please):
1-800-626-5420
Phone: 270-898-7903
Fax: 270-898-1173
Physical Street Address for UPS/FedEx Shipments Only:
5801 Kentucky Dam Road Paducah, KY 42003-9323
About AQS Privacy Statement
AmericanQuilter.com Privacy Policy
EFFECTIVE DATE: The most recent version of this Privacy Policy, as revised, is effective as of
June 6th, 2018.
This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or make a purchase from americanquilter.com, shop.americanquilter.com, iquilt.com, aqsblog.com, myquiltplace.com, aqsquilt.com, and all additional Schroeder Publishing Company online properties (the "Sites").
Personal Information We Collect
When you visit the Sites, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Sites, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Sites, and information about how you interact with the Sites. We refer to this automatically-collected information as "Device Information."
We collect Device Information using the following technologies:
"Cookies" are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
"Log files" track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
"Web beacons," "tags," and "pixels" are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site.
Additionally when you make a purchase or attempt to make a purchase through the Sites, we collect certain information from you, including your name, billing address, shipping address, payment information (including credit card numbers & gift cards), email address, and phone number.
We refer to this information as "Order Information."
When we talk about "Personal Information" in this Privacy Policy, we are talking both about Device Information and Order Information.
How Do We Use Your Personal Information?
We use the Order Information that we collect generally to fulfill any orders placed through the Sites (including processing your payment information, arranging for shipping, and providing you with invoices and/or order confirmations).
Additionally, we use this Order Information to: Communicate with you; Screen our orders for potential risk or fraud; and When in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services.
We use Newsletter Sign Up information to: Communicate with you; and when in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services.
We use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our Sites (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the Sites, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).
We may also use this information for advertising and retargeting purposes.
Sharing Your Personal Information
We share your Personal Information with third parties to help us use your Personal Information, as described above. For example, we use Magento to power our online store--you can read more about how Magento uses your Personal Information here: https://magento.com/legal/terms/privacy.
We also use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site--you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/. You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. We also use Listrak for email marketing--you can read about how Listrak uses your Personal Information here: https://www.listrak.com/privacy-and-terms/privacy.aspx
Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.
Behavioral Advertising
As described above, we use your Personal Information to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you.
For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative's ("NAI") educational page at http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work.
You can opt out of the following targeted advertising by visiting the associated links:
FACEBOOK - https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads
GOOGLE - https://www.google.com/settings/ads/anonymous
BING - https://advertise.bingads.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/policies/personalized-ads
Additionally, you can opt out of some of these services by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance's opt-out portal at: http://optout.aboutads.info/.
Applicability
Please note that this Privacy Policy only applies to Web Sites owned and/or operated by Schroeder Publishing Company, and upon which has placed a "link" which, when "clicked", transfers you to this Privacy Policy. While on our Web Site, you may encounter links to these or other web sites or online material. If you "click" on a link to such a third party, the "click" takes you off our Web Site and to a third party's web site, which is beyond our control. These other web sites may set their own cookies, collect data, and/or have their own privacy policies. This Privacy Policy only covers information collected at the Web Site, and does not cover any information collected by any other web site or offline. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of any other web site you visit.
In addition, please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to any information you may disclose publicly in any chat rooms, message boards, or similar web pages. You should keep in mind that whenever you publicly disclose information about yourself online - for example, via message boards or "chat" rooms - that information could be collected and used by people that you do not know. In addition, certain message boards and similar user forums may display IP addresses (as defined below) along with the message poster's name and message. We bear no responsibility for any action or policies of any third parties who collect any information users may disclose on the message boards, chat areas or other user forums, if any, on the Web Site.
Do Not Track
Please note that we do not alter our Site's data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.
Your Rights
If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.
Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above.
Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.
Data Retention
When you place an order through the Site, we will maintain your Order Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.
Minors
The Site is not intended for individuals under the age of 13.
Changes
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
Contact Us
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at info@americanquilter.com or by mail using the details provided below:
American Quilter's Society,
PO Box 3290,
Paducah, KY, 42002, United States
Home
AmericanQuilterMagazine
QuiltWeek
iquilt
ShopAQS
Videos
QuiltingCommunity
Join / Renew
AQSBlog
MembersOnly
© 2020 Schroeder Publishing, Inc.
All rights reserved. About AQS Links Privacy Contact Us Shipping/Returns Site Map Quilt Credits Employment Opportunities Social Media Terms and Conditions Facebook Giveaway Rules