http://www.australiantelevision.net/privacy.html
australian television information archive
TV Series
Awards
Links
Site Info
Contact
DVDs
Home
Privacy Policy
About the site | FAQ | Contact | Privacy Policy | Site History
Privacy Policy
AustralianTelevision.net respects your privacy
Any personal information you provide including and similar to your name, address, telephone number and e-mail address will not be released, sold, or rented to any entities or individuals outside of AustralianTelevision.net.
Credit card details
AustralianTelevision.net will never ask for Credit Card details and request that you do not enter it on any of the forms on AustralianTelevision.net.
External Sites
AustralianTelevision.net is not responsible for the content of external internet sites linked to from AustralianTelevision.net. You are advised to read the privacy policy of external sites before disclosing any personal information.
Cookies
A "cookie" is a small data text file that is placed in your browser and allows AustralianTelevision.net to recognize you each time you visit this site (customisation etc). Cookies themselves do not contain any personal information, and AustralianTelevision.net does not use cookies to collect personal information. Cookies may also be used by 3rd party content providers such as newsfeeds or advertisers.
Advertising
AustralianTelevision.net uses third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the website. These companies may use Non-Personally Identifiable Information about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. Non-Personally Identifiable Information consists mostly of click-stream information (sites you have visited or links you have clicked) compiled as you move across different Web sites or a single site. This information does not include your name, address, email address, or telephone number.
Users can opt out of behavioral advertising programs from Network Advertising Initiative member companies by visiting the NIA website to identify those member companies that have placed an advertising cookie file on your computer and replace the specified advertising cookie(s) and verify your opt-out status. Opting out of a network does not mean you will no longer receive online advertising.
Advertising partners
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to AustralianTelevision.net and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Remember The Risks Whenever You Use The Internet
While we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information that you transmit to AustralianTelevision.net and you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of any passwords or other account information. In addition other Internet sites or services that may be accessible through AustralianTelevision.net have separate data and privacy practices independent of us, and therefore we disclaim any responsibility or liability for their policies or actions.
Please contact those vendors and others directly if you have any questions about their privacy policies.
For any other information email webmaster
March 03, 2010
Featured Series
All Saints
Between Two Worlds
Bloom
Blue Heelers
The Bureau of Magical Things
A Country Practice
The Dr Blake Mysteries
Doctor Doctor
The Flying Doctors
Halifax: Retribution
Harrow
The Heights
Hungry Ghosts
Lambs of God
McLeod's Daughters
Miss Fisher's Murder Mysteries
Mr. Inbetween
Ms. Fisher's Modern Murder Mysteries
My Life is Murder
Mystery Road
Offspring
Operation Buffalo
Packed To The Rafters
A Place To Call Home
Rake
Satisfaction
Stateless
Underbelly
Upright
Wentworth
Miscellaneous
TV Series
Telemovies & miniseries
In production
Industry Awards
Links
Industry sites
Actors and actresses
Australian TV sites
Site Info
About
FAQ
Update history
My viewing
Privacy Policy
Australian Television Information Archive <www.australiantelevision.net>
Website, original content and design © 1998-2020 T. Zuk, All Rights Reserved