http://www.discomusic.com/terms-of-service
Skip to main content
Breadcrumb
DiscoMusic.com
Terms of Service | Privacy
Terms of Service | Privacy
Please review these terms and conditions of use carefully before using this site. By using this site, you consent to these terms of use. If you do not agree to these terms of use, please do not use the site. Any Non-Human Visitors to the Website shall be considered agents of the individual(s) who controls, authors or otherwise makes use of them. The access rights granted to you under the Terms of Service are non-transferable without the express written permission of the owner of the Website. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of these terms at any time. Please check these terms periodically for changes. Your continued use of the discomusic.com site, following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept such changes.
Information Provided on this Website
The entire contents of the Site are protected by international copyright and trademark laws. The owner of the copyrights and trademarks are discomusic.com, its affiliates or other third party licensors. YOU MAY NOT MODIFY, COPY, REPRODUCE, REPUBLISH, UPLOAD, POST, TRANSMIT, OR DISTRIBUTE, IN ANY MANNER, THE MATERIAL ON THE SITE, INCLUDING TEXT, GRAPHICS, CODE AND/OR SOFTWARE. You may print and download portions of material from the different areas of the Site solely for your own non-commercial use provided that you agree not to change or delete any author credits, links, copyright or proprietary notices from the materials. You agree to grant to discomusic.com a non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide, perpetual license, with the right to sub-license, to reproduce, distribute, transmit, create derivative works of, publicly display and publicly perform any materials and other information (including, without limitation, ideas contained therein for new or improved products and services) you submit to any public areas of the Site (such as bulletin boards, forums and newsgroups) or by e-mail to discomusic.com by all means and in any media now known or hereafter developed. You also grant to discomusic.com the right to use your name in connection with the submitted materials and other information as well as in connection with all advertising, marketing and promotional material related thereto. You agree that you shall have no recourse against discomusic.com for any alleged or actual infringement or misappropriation of any proprietary right in your communications to discomusic.com. If you do not wish to grant discomusic.com this right please do not make a submission. By submitting a contribution to discomusic.com you warrant that your contribution is your own original work, is not defamatory, does not infringe any law and that you have the right to submit it. You indemnify discomusic.com against all legal fees, damages and other expenses that may be incurred by discomusic.com as a result of your breach of the above.
THE MATERIALS IN THIS SITE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW, DISCOMUSIC.COM DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.
External Links Disclaimer
External links to other Internet sites are provided as a convenience and for informational purposes only. They do not necessarily reflect the views of discomusic.com, and discomusic.com does not take responsibility for the accuracy, legality or content of any of these external links. Please contact the external site directly with questions.
Digital Millennium Copyright Act
Pursuant to Title II of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, all claims of copyright infringement for material that is believed to be residing on discomusic.com, should be promptly sent in the form of written communication to discomusic.com's Designated Agent: Bernard F. Lopez, discomusic.com, 267 Kentlands Blvd #1036, Gaithersburg, MD 20878.
All claims must include the following information:
A physical signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;
Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or if multiple copyrighted works at a single on-line site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site;
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the material;
Information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact the Complaining Party, such as an address, telephone number, and if available, an electronic mail address at which the Complaining Party may be contacted;
A statement that the Complaining Party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the Complaining Party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infring.
Applicable Law And Jurisdiction
Each party agrees that any suit, action or proceeding brought by such party against the other in connection with or arising from the Terms of Service ("Judicial Action") shall be governed by the law of the state of residence of the registered Administrative Contact (the "Admin State") for the Website as such laws are applied to agreements between Admin State residents entered into and performed entirely within the Admin State. You consent to the jurisdiction of federal and state courts within the Admin State. You consent to the venue in any action brought against him in connection with breaches of these Terms of Service. You consent to electronic service of process regarding actions under the above agreement.
Privacy Policy Statement
This is the web site of discomusic.com (https://www.discomusic.com).
This site does not require any kind of user registration, login or accepts any personal information. As such, we do not have access to any personally identifiable about our visitors.
Your information:
To try and bring you offers that are of interest to you, we have relationships with other companies that we allow to place ads on our Web pages. As a result of your visit to our site, ad server companies may collect information such as your domain type, your IP address and clickstream information. For further information, consult the privacy policies of:
https://www.addtoany.com (sharing buttons for social media)
https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=468496 (affiliate links and ads)
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites (analytics, YouTube and ads)
https://33across.com/gdpr/ (sharing & analytics)
In addition to the above... Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this site. Google's use of the DoubleClick DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users of this site based on their visit to this sites AND other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our web site. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit www.networkadvertising.org
FTC Disclosure and Affiliate Links
Some products or services featured on this website may have been provided to us by a manufacturer, distributor... in exchange for reviewing and/or promoting the product. When we feature items we may link to a retailer, such as Amazon, through an affiliate link which allows us to earn a small commission, which does not affect the price you pay for the product or service.
Vinyl Record Collector Essentials
Clean...
Spin Clean Record Washer
Highly recommended least expensive quality record cleaning system from Spin Clean washes your records easily.
Audioquest Anti-Static Record Brush
The AudioQuest anti-static record brush reaches into the groove, pulling out dust and dirt that would otherwise snap, crackle, and pop through your speakers.
Vinyl Buddy Record Cleaner Roller
Vinyl Buddy's specialty roller attracts and removes things like dust and pet hair from your records.
Protect...
Mobile Fidelity Inner Sleeves
Prevent static & scratches with the best inner sleeves from Mobile Fidelity.
New! Mobile Fidelity Outer Sleeves
They're finally here... Mo-Fi outer record sleeves to match their legandary inner sleeves. Protect the artwork on your record jackets with these premium outer sleeves.
Square Deal 3mil 100 count outer record sleeves
Protect your record jackets with these premium outer sleeves.
We thank you for purchasing any items through our affiliates links as they generate a small commission which helps keep this site operating.