http://www.animationartgallery.com/terms.asp
Skip to content
My Cart
www.animationartgallery.com
Menu
Search Animation Art
Submit Search
We Buy Art!
Just Added
Animation Art - Production
Disney
Disney Features
Disney Shorts
Disney Cels and Masters
Disney Drawings and Concepts
Hanna-Barbera
Flintstones
Iwao Takamoto Drawings
Jetsons
Other Hanna Shows
Scooby Doo
Vintage Hanna
Yogi Bear
Simpsons (Fox)
Tim Burton
Nightmare Before Christmas
Warner Bros.
Bugs Bunny and Friends
Vintage Warner Bros.
Superhero Animation Art
Chuck Jones / Grinch
Commercials
Jay Ward
Other Studios
Cartoon Network
Depatie-Freleng Studios
Dreamworks Studios
Filmation
HBO Studios
MGM Studios
MTV Studios
Nickelodeon
Universal
UPA Studios
Walter Lantz Studios
Yellow Submarine
Berenstain Bears
Other Studios Vintage
Peanuts
Charlie Brown Christmas
It's the Great Pumpkin, Charlie Brown!
Peanuts Animation Art Cels and Drawings
We Buy Original Peanuts Strips!
Original Peanuts Strip by Charles Schulz
Rango
Secret of NIMH / Don Bluth
Tom and Jerry
Limited Edition Art
Alex Ross
Chuck Jones
Disney
Artists
Characters
Hanna-Barbera Art
Harry Potter
Simpsons
Superhero Art
Tim Burton / Nightmare and Corpse Bride
Dr. Seuss (Theodore Geisel)
Eyvind Earle
Looney Tunes
Animation Art Deals
Artwork Just Reduced!
Browse All
Information
About Us
Shipping
Returns
Site Help / FAQ
Nav Menu 3
Nav Menu 4
Nav Menu 5
Nav Menu 6
Nav Menu 7
Nav Menu 8
Terms and Conditions
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE. All users of this site agree that access to and use of this site are subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable law. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site.
Thank you for taking the time to find out about our policies. We want you to be delighted with the art you purchase from us.
Order Policy
Payment Policy
We accept American Express, Visa, Master Card (Access), and Discover for all orders.
We regret that we can no longer accept Paypal as their fraud protections are not sufficient for us or our clients.
We do not accept checks or money orders.
If we are unable to verify credit card funds within 3 business days and attempts to contact you fail, your piece/s will be released and offered for sale to other collectors.
Wonderful World of Animation Layaway Policy
The Wonderful World of Animation is delighted to offer our
clients a no-interest, no-fee layaway option to help them in their quest
to acquire artwork they desire.
A 20% non-refundable deposit is collected at the time of the
order, and the balance of the payments will be split in equal payments
for up to 4 subsequent months. For example, if a piece is US$1000, the
deposit is US$200, and then there are 4 monthly payments of US$200 each
until the layaway is paid off. Framing, shipping and any applicable
taxes will also be spread out over the payments.
The artwork is shipped upon
clearance of the last payment. Please allow 2-3 days for shipping after
the piece is ready to go.
If you would like to know more about Layaway, please email us the Product Code of the artwork(s) you are interested in and we will be happy to assist you:
ArtRequest@animationartgallery.com
If a credit card payment is declined, we regret that we have to
charge a service fee of US $10 for each monthly occurrence.
If a layaway
is in default for 30 days, on the 31st day, we send out reminders both
via email and telephone. If the layaway is not paid for 60 days, you
will receive a final written notice and we will cancel the order,
collect all applicable fees, and put the art back up for sale.
All deposits used to secure the art are non-refundable. Any
cancelled layaways will incur the following costs: non-refundable
deposit, framing (if applicable), and any other costs associated
directly with the order. Art that is specially ordered from a studio or
purchased at a show is subject to the "show and special orders*"
policies.
Our layaway policy supersedes our 7 day return policy. If pieces
are returned within the 7 day policy, the order will still be subject
to any cancellation fees associated with the layaway policy.
*Show and Special Orders:
All art purchased or ordered in relation to a show is
non-returnable.
All art that has to be specially ordered from the studio for
your order is subject to a 50% cancellation fee of the retail price
excluding any promotions that may have applied to your piece.
If you have purchased the special ordered item via layaway and
your layaway defaults, you will be subject to a 50% cancellation fee
plus all other expenses incurred due to the processing and handling of
your order.
Our show and special orders policy supersedes our 7 day return
policy. If pieces are returned within the 7 day policy, the order will
still be subject to any cancellation fees associated with the show and
special orders policy.
(Layaway policy updated 28 April 2020)
Show and Special Orders
All art purchased or ordered in relation to a show is non-returnable.
All art that has to be specially ordered from the studio for your order is subject to a 50% cancellation fee of the retail price excluding any promotions that may have applied to your piece.
If you have purchased the special ordered item via layaway and your layaway defaults, you will be subject to a 50% cancellation fee plus all other expenses incurred due to the processing and handling of your order.
Our show and special orders policy supercedes our 7 day return policy. If pieces are returned within the 7 day policy, the order will still be subject to any cancellation fees associated with the show and special orders policy.
Sneak Peek
Each piece placed by pre-ordering that is won is binding, and as such, in the cases where there are pre-orders for multiple pieces, and only some of them are won by the client, each individual item won must be purchased and is subject to our show policies.
If we do not receive updated payment details at the time of your order, we will use the credit card we have for you on file.
Framing and Shipping Specials
Free shipping offer good for standard 12 and 16 field FedEx 3 Day shipping in the US contiguous states only. A US $20-$40 discount will be applied to all other shipment methods.
All framing and shipping costs are non-refundable.
US Sales Tax
Sales tax will be charged at 9.50% for pieces sent to California. All other US and overseas addresses are not charged US sales tax.
Framing
We are more than happy to assist you in selecting the right frame ensemble for your piece.
All of our framing is handled by a Certified Picture Framer with extensive experience in animation.
All framing materials touching the art will be of archival quality as is our standard.
Framing upgrades are offered: reverse bevels, suede mattes, special matte cut-outs, and den (museum) quality glass, extended background matting, and metal placards. Upgrades range in price, please contact us for a quote.
Custom framing orders are non-refundable.
This page has examples and prices of some of the framing jobs we have done.
Shipping
Unframed pieces of the same size will be grouped together for just one total shipping charge. Framed pieces will be charged per each piece.
Prices listed below are for 12-Field and 16-Field sizes only. Other sized artwork will have variable shipping rates and will be determined individually per order.
Saturday shipping does incur extra shipping costs. Please call us on 310-836-4992 to inquire.
Pieces may be subject to individual country custom or VAT charges which will be handled by that country's customs agents. Those fees are the responsibility of the client and we encourage you to contact your local customs office with any questions.
If we are given an incorrect or incomplete address and are billed by Fedex when they make the correction, the client is responsible for this charge.
If for some reason, we have put the correct shipping address as provided by the client and Fedex is unable to reach you and/or deliver the package to you and it is returned to us, you will be charged for any return shipping fees Fedex charges us and will be recharged for the package to be resent to you.
Please note that unfortunately due to fraudulent abuse of credit cards that occurs on the internet, all overseas non- American Express clients must please send a fax to 310-836-9962 with a copy of the front and back of the credit card authorizing us to send the order to their address accompanied with the cardholders signature. We apologize for any inconvenience, and know that it is a hassle, but this really is for our protection and yours. Please help us to stop Internet fraud.
Delayed Shipments
Once an order is ready to be shipped or available for pick up, if the client should wish for the gallery to hold onto the ordered pieces for a delayed shipment or pick up, we are happy to accomodate those requests, but please be advised that as the gallery is under obligation to the consignors to pay them, the return policy will no longer be applicable for that order.
Availability
All production pieces are subject to prior sale. It will be our pleasure to immediately check on availability for you, and offer another recommendation if the original piece you wanted is no longer available.
Authenticity
All pieces are accompanied by a written lifetime guarantee certificate of authenticity.
Returns
We gladly accept returns for a period of 7 days if received in original packaging and in original condition accompanied by a receipt for a full refund of the piece price. You need to call us on 310-836-4992 first and receive an authorization code which must be included on the box. If art is sent without this code, it will not be accepted. Shipping or custom framing charges will be deducted from the refunded amount. Our show and special orders policies supercede our 7 day return policy. If pieces are returned within the 7 day period, the order will still be subject to any cancellation fees associated with the layaway, show, or special order policies including fees such as handling, shipping, restoration, and custom framing.
Orders for pieces not in stock that must be special ordered from the studio will be subject to a 50% fee, as they are non-returnable to the studio.
Please inspect all artwork upon delivery. The gallery must be notified in writing accompanied by photos of any issues within the 7 day return policy should there be a problem with the order for any reparations to occur.
Art bought via special order or during special events is non-refundable.
Layaway orders will be subject to their cancellation fees/policies.
Privacy Policy
The Wonderful World of Animation is the sole owner of all information collected via this website and we do not share this information.
Orders
Users enter information into our secure order form. This form asks for contact information (such as an email address) and financial information (such as credit card number). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill customer’s orders.
The information is used to contact the user if we have any questions about the order. Under no circumstances will we sell or otherwise disseminate the information in any manner other than what is needed to process the order and to possibly contact the user about this order or future items we may have for sale.
Log Files
Like most internet sites, we use log files. This includes IP addresses, browser type, ISP, referring pages, and number of clicks. This information is not linked to personally identifiable information, but is purely used to analyze trends for the purpose of improving the Internet site.
This internet site contains links to other sites that are not directly related to us. Please be advised that the Wonderful World of Animation is not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites.
We encourage users to read the privacy statements of these other sites.
CopyrightThe entire content included in this site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the United States and other copyright laws, and is the property of www.animationartgallery.com. The collective work includes works that are licensed to www.animationartgallery.com. Copyright 2003, www.animationartgallery.com ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of placing an order with www.animationartgallery.com or purchasing www.animationartgallery.com products. You may display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the site solely for your own non-commercial use, or to place an order with www.animationartgallery.com or to purchase www.animationartgallery.com products. Any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by www.animationartgallery.com. You further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site.TrademarksAll trademarks, service marks and trade names of www.animationartgallery.com used in the site are trademarks or registered trademarks of www.animationartgallery.comWarranty DisclaimerThis site and the materials and products on this site are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, www.animationartgallery.com disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. www.animationartgallery.com does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes the site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. www.animationartgallery.com does not make any warrantees or representations regarding the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. Some states do not permit limitations or exclusions on warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you.Limitation of Liabilitywww.animationartgallery.com shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this site or the performance of the products, even if www.animationartgallery.com has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation of exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.Typographical ErrorsIn the event that a www.animationartgallery.com product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price, www.animationartgallery.com reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. www.animationartgallery.com reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, www.animationartgallery.com shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.Term; TerminationThese terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. These terms and conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated by www.animationartgallery.com without notice at any time, for any reason. The provisions relating to Copyrights, Trademark, Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, Indemnification and Miscellaneous, shall survive any termination.Noticewww.animationartgallery.com may deliver notice to you by means of e-mail, a general notice on the site, or by other reliable method to the address you have provided to www.animationartgallery.com.MiscellaneousYour use of this site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of California, U.S.A., without regard to choice of law provisions, and not by the 1980 U.N. Convention on contracts for the international sale of goods. You agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this site (including but not limited to the purchase of www.animationartgallery.com products) shall be in the state or federal courts located in Los Angeles County, California. Any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the site (including but not limited to the purchase of www.animationartgallery.com products) must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. www.animationartgallery.com's failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms and conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these terms and conditions. www.animationartgallery.com may assign its rights and duties under this Agreement to any party at any time without notice to you.Use of SiteHarassment in any manner or form on the site, including via e-mail, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others, including a www.animationartgallery.com or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. You may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization.Participation Disclaimerwww.animationartgallery.com does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the site, and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials. You acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user-generated content on the site, www.animationartgallery.com is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the site. However, www.animationartgallery.com reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or; other intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to www.animationartgallery.com in its sole discretion.IndemnificationYou agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless www.animationartgallery.com, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the "Service Providers") from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your Internet account.Third-Party LinksIn an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, www.animationartgallery.com may link to sites operated by third parties. However, even if the third party is affiliated with www.animationartgallery.com, www.animationartgallery.com has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of www.animationartgallery.com. These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, www.animationartgallery.com seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).
Back to top