https://www.pearson.com/en-us/legal-information/cookie-policy.html#donot
Cookies policy
We’ve updated our Cookies policy. Changes include a new section about Do Not Sell My Personal Information and the California Consumer Privacy Act and updates to the List of Cookies.
This Cookies Policy provides information about the cookies used with this site, pearson.com/en-us.html, which is presented by Pearson Education, Inc., 221 River Street, Hoboken, New Jersey 07030, in collaboration with its subsidiaries and affiliated companies (Pearson). Please read this Cookies Policy in conjunction with the Privacy Policy for this site.
Like many other websites, this site uses cookies to store user preferences, make the website more user-friendly, collect information about site usage and performance, and facilitate targeted messaging and marketing.
Do Not Sell My Personal Information and the California Consumer Privacy Act
The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), effective January 1, 2020, gives California residents the right to opt out of the sale of their Personal Information by a business subject to the law. This law defines “personal information” and “sale” very broadly to include data sharing that does not involve monetary payments and may not include names or email addresses. It is unclear whether third party targeted advertising cookies involve the sale of Personal Information under California law.
Except to the extent that third party targeted advertising cookies constitute a “sale” of personal information under applicable law, we do not sell any Personal Information collected through this site.
Disabling or blocking cookies
Cookies may be blocked or disabled through internet browser settings on each computer and browser used by a user.
In addition, a user can use opt-out tools for ad networks and firms who participate in the Network Advertising Initiative at http://optout.networkadvertising.org/ or the Digital Advertising Alliance at http://optout.aboutads.info/.
To effectively manage cookies via browser settings or through these ad industry opt-out tools, opt-out and set cookie preferences on all browsers and all devices used. In addition, check and reset preferences after clearing cache or cookies.
Please note that disabling or blocking cookies
may reduce the functionality of this and other sites.
The following provides information about viewing and changing browser settings to disable or block cookies:
Google Chrome
Click on the spanner icon (top menu in browser) and select ‘Settings’
Click the 'Under the Bonnet' tab on the left, then select the 'Content settings' button
Under the cookies section, choose the option that best suits your needs.
Microsoft Internet Explorer
Click on 'Tools' (top menu in browser) and select 'Internet options'
Click on the 'Privacy' tab
Move the privacy slider to the level of privacy you require. Settings above Medium will disable cookies.
Mozilla Firefox
Click on 'Tools' (top menu in browser) and select ‘Options’
Select the Privacy icon
In the history section choose 'Use custom settings for history' from the dropdown menu
Cookies can be enabled or disabled by clicking on the appropriate check boxes.
Safari
Click on the Cog icon (top menu in browser) and select 'Preferences'
Click on Privacy tab and choose the option that best suits your needs.
Opera
Click on the 'Tools' at the top of your browser window and select 'Preferences'
Select the 'Advanced' tab and choose Cookies from the list on the left
Choose the option that best suits your needs.
Safari on OSX
Click on 'Safari' at the top of your browser window and select 'Preferences'
Click on the 'Privacy' tab
Adjust the level of cookie acceptance here.
Firefox
Click on 'Firefox' at the top of your browser window and select 'Preferences'
Select the Privacy icon
In the history section choose 'Use custom settings for history' from the dropdown menu
Cookies can be enabled or disabled by clicking on the appropriate check boxes.
List of cookies
Cookies generally fall into four categories: (1) strictly necessary cookies; (2) performance cookies; (3) functionality cookies; and (4) behaviorally targeted advertising/marketing cookies.
The cookies used in connection with this site, pearson.com/us, includes cookies in each of these categories and may include (but not be limited to) those listed below.
Please note that cookies usage on other Pearson sites, including our online product and services, may differ and may exclude, for example, behaviorally targeted marketing cookies.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Session Based: To collect information on use of the site for analysis and to improve its operation or identify and respond to problems.
AWSALB, AWSELB – Cookie set by AWS to create “sticky sessions
YSESSIONID – Hybris Session ID
acceleratorSecureGUID – Hybris secure guid cookie evaluates if a user has a valid session
cookie-notification – Set when user closes the cookie notification popup
Geo Targeting: Used to help identify the user’s country or state, so that we can display information relevant to that territory or jurisdiction.
geotargetsite – Tracks user location based on IP via Akamai
geotargetchosenlocale – Tracks when user makes a choice to navigate to a store in a specific country
system-msg – Used for global messaging component in the header
Google Analytics: Gather data on how users use and interact with the site. Used to analyze how well our sites are performing and optimize customer experience.
_utma – Google Analytics cookie to track unique visitors
_utmb – Google Analytics cookie to track visitor behavior and measure site performance
_utmc - Google Analytics cookie to track visitor behavior and measure site performance
_utmt – Google Analytics cookie to throttle request rate for the service
_utmv – Google Analytics cookie used for user classification
_utmz – Google Analytics cookie
_ga – Google Analytics cookie to distinguish users
_gat_UA-93818630 - Identifier for Google Analytics Account Number
_gid – Google Analytics cookie to distinguish users
_rollupGa – Google Analytics cookie to store a unique client identifier
Performance Cookies
Optimize: Multivarient testing tool. Used to optimize customer experience.
hotjar: Records heatmaps of user interaction with site. Used to analyze how well the sites is performing and optimize customer experience.
LiveIntent:
Cross-device identification tool.
Used for website analytics and to optimize user experience.
Functionality Cookies
Maritz: Used to deploy customer satisfaction surveys.
Behaviorally targeted advertising cookies
Pardot: Marketing platform used for customer and campaign tracking. Used to identify customers interests and response to targeted campaigns. Enabled only to collect information for Pearson’s use.
Facebook: Social Media marketing. Used to track and measure marketing campaigns deployed on the Facebook platform. Facebook tracks customer behavior through these tools.
Twitter: Social Media marketing. Used to track and measure marketing campaigns deployed on the Twitter platform.
Linked In: Social Media marketing. Used to track and measure marketing campaigns deployed on the Linked In platform.
Google Ads: Search media marketing. Used to track and measure marketing campaigns within Google search and related Google services.
Salesforce: Sales support tool. Used to track and measure customer usage of support tools.
Enabled only to collect information for Pearson’s use.
Pearson Education: Sales support tool. Used to track and measure customer ecommerce usage.
Changes
We may revise this Cookies Policy through an updated posting. We will identify the effective date of the revision in the posting. Often updates may be made to provide greater clarity or to comply with changes in regulatory requirements. If the updates involve material changes, we will provide notice of the change through a conspicuous notice on this site or other appropriate way. Continued use of the site after the effective date of a posted revision evidences acceptance. Please contact us if you have any questions, concerns or any objection about any changes.
Contact us
Please contact us about this Cookies Policy, or with any requests or questions relating to the privacy of personal information collected or processed by Pearson.
Last Update: January 17, 2020