https://www.super70s.com/privacy-policy/
Press "Enter" to skip to content
Lockheed L-1011
By the early 1960s, the world’s airports were being overrun (sometimes literally) by the first generation of jets. Noticeably absent from the jet race was Lockheed. While Boeing, Douglas and virtually all other aircraft…
Read more
PSA 727 Crashes Into San Diego After Collision
At just after 9 a.m. on September 25, 1978, a Pacific Southwest Airlines (PSA) 727 with 127 passengers and seven crew hit a Cessna 172 on approach to Lindbergh Airport in San Diego. Both…
Read more
C5 Crashes In Vietnam During Operation Babylift
On April 4, 1975, an Air Force C-5A Galaxy carrying orphans from Vietnam as part of Operation Babylift crashed killing 98 of the 150 children and 155 of 328 on board. In…
Read more
Veep Spiro Agnew Resigns
On October 10, 1973, following months of pressure and scandal, Vice President Spiro Agnew turned in his letter of resignation to President Nixon (who was soon to follow him) becoming only…
Read more
Concorde
Truly faster than a speeding bullet, the Concorde was both extremely elegant and incredibly expensive. It had an equally interesting history involving environmentalists, an economic crisis, and espionage. Gentleman, Start Your…
Read more
Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement for Super70s.com
Super70s.com has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for these Web sites: Super70s.com, Awesome80s.com, BaseballChronology.com, PopCultureverse.com and Virtual90s.com.
Information Automatically Logged
We log your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site and to track how many individuals visit our site.
Cookies
Our Site uses cookies to deliver content specific to your interests. We also use cookies for other purposes, such as ensuring each visitor is only able to vote once in a given on-line election.
Advertisers
We use an outside ad company to display ads on our site. These ads may contain cookies. While we use cookies in other parts of our Web site, cookies received with banner ads are collected by our ad company, and we do not have access to this information.
External Links and Special Relationships
This site contains links to other sites and advertisements from third-parties. Super70s.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Public Forums
This site may make chat rooms, feedback forums, discussion boards, and/or news groups available to its users. In addition, visitors are encouraged to submit their memories for inclusion on this site. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas or otherwise submitted to Super70s.com may be published and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information. All submissions become the property of Super70s.com as outlined here.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact us using our feedback form.
Search for:
TrendingConcordeMarch 27, 2020Truly faster than a speeding bullet, the Concorde was both extremely elegant and incredibly expensive. It had an equally interesting history involving environmentalists, an economic crisis, …Read More »C5 Crashes In Vietnam During Operation BabyliftApril 15, 2020On April 4, 1975, an Air Force C-5A Galaxy carrying orphans from Vietnam as part of Operation Babylift crashed killing 98 of the 150 children and 155 …Read More »Redgrave’s ‘Zionist Hoodlums’ Speech Shocks HollywoodMarch 2, 2020With the Vietnam War over, one might have thought the early-Super70s tradition of offering up a political diatribe instead of an Academy Awards acceptance speech …Read More »Boeing SSTMarch 10, 2020In the early years of the jet era, some visionaries in the American aviation industry were already looking to the day when commercial jets would fly …Read More »ShareFacebookPinterestTwitterLinkedin
Scroll to the top