http://www.kcshakes.org/privacy/
MenuDonateGood Will SocietyOther Ways to DonateMarilyn Strauss Legacy Fund CloseMerchandiseEducationShakespeare ConservatoryTeam ShakespeareIn-School ProgramsShakespeare Summer CampsAdult ClassesContestsScholarships CloseInternshipsTempestAboutContactCalendarJoin Our TeamInternshipsVolunteersCareers CloseSupportersStaffBoard of DirectorsHistoryFrom the Founder25 for the 25thShakespeare Solos Close Close
The Heart of America Shakespeare Festival’s online privacy statement (the “Privacy Statement”) describes how we treat all user data collected by the Heart of America Shakespeare Festival during your visit to the Heart of America Shakespeare Festival Site, both technical data that is automatically collected and voluntarily submitted data.
For purposes of this Privacy Statement, the “Heart of America Shakespeare Festival Site” is the website whose home page is www.kcshakes.org. This Privacy Statement does not apply to other Heart of America Shakespeare Festival websites which may differ from the terms of this Privacy Statement. Additionally, this is not the privacy statement for any blogs, forums or social networking sites where Heart of America Shakespeare Festival has a presence. The Heart of America Shakespeare Festival may occasionally update this Statement. We will post any changes on this web page, so be sure to check back periodically. If we do make material changes, we will post a notice on our home page that the Privacy Statement has been modified and provide a link to the revised Privacy Statement. Any information that you submit after a change has been posted will be subject to the new provisions.
User Data We Collect
We collect two types of user data: (1) technical data that is automatically collected from all visitors to the Heart of America Shakespeare Festival Site (“Automatically Collected Data”); and (2) data that you voluntarily submit to us (described below under “Voluntarily Submitted Data”).
Automatically Collected Data
We automatically collect Internet Protocol (“IP”) addresses and domain names of the originating visitor’s computer on our server and may know some information you have previously provided through cookies. (See the section on Cookies below for more information.) We also track the number and frequency of hits per page by IP addresses, but we do not associate any individual IP address with any other personally identifying information except to detect security intrusions or certain unlawful activity.
In addition, if you come to the Heart of America Shakespeare Festival Site from a website link, we may also identify the source of that link, so that we can evaluate what content is persuading web users to become involved in the Heart of America Shakespeare Festival ‘s work.
Voluntarily Submitted Data
We may collect Voluntarily Submitted Data, including personal data, that you voluntarily provide, such as your name and postal address, phone number, e-mail address, and similar information, when you participate in certain activities on the Heart of America Shakespeare Festival Site, including (but not limited to) when you:
•    make a contribution to support the Heart of America Shakespeare Festival;
•    sign up for our Heart of America Shakespeare Festival e-mail network;
•    register online for an event; or
•    participate in any activity that requires your Voluntarily Submitted Data.
Cookies
We collect some data through the use of cookies. Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that are transferred either to your computer’s hard drive (“Long-term Cookies”) or temporarily to your computer’s Random Access Memory (“Session Cookies”).
We use Long-term Cookies only when you select a “remember” option on the Heart of America Shakespeare Festival Site, for example the “remember my login” option offered when you log on to the Heart of America Shakespeare Festival Site, or the “remember me” option offered on a “take action” page. If you select these options, a Long-term Cookie will be stored on your computer’s hard drive solely for the purpose of automatically filling in the remembered information, for example, automatically filling in your password when you log in to the Heart of America Shakespeare Festival Site or your postal address when you write a letter to your representative. These “remember” options are offered only for your convenience and are completely voluntary.
If you do not select a “remember” option, no Long-Term Cookie will be stored on your computer’s hard drive.
We use Session Cookies whenever you visit the Heart of America Shakespeare Festival Site to run the Site’s interactive applications, such as the shopping cart. Session Cookies last only as long as your session on the Heart of America Shakespeare Festival Site. They expire when the session ends and are not written onto your computer’s hard drive. We also use Session Cookies in e-mails containing the HTML-format. If you select “text-only” format preference, emails sent to you will not contain any Session Cookies.
How We Use The Data We Collect
In addition to the uses described above, we use Automatically Collected Data to identify the source of user traffic (for example, umich.edu, or aol.com), but we do not tie this information to individual users in our database. We use data on which sections of the Heart of America Shakespeare Festival site are most visited, so that we can evaluate the popularity of our different web pages and continue to improve the Heart of America Shakespeare Festival Site. We do not link any Automatically Collected Data with the Voluntarily Submitted Data you provide to us except to detect security intrusions or certain unlawful activity
We use your Voluntarily Submitted Data for various purposes:
•    To fulfill the request for which you specifically provided the data, including sharing the data with its intended recipient (e.g., delivering a petition you sign or a letter you wish to send to the recipient of the petition or letter);
•    To periodically communicate with you concerning Heart of America Shakespeare Festival matters, such as delivering to you information and updates on our activities and action alerts, if you have not opted out of receiving such information and updates;
•    To indicate you as the author of any comment you post, including on any Heart of America Shakespeare Festival Site blog or forum, when you opt to identify yourself as the author or when posting such comment requires such identification, and to display any personally identifying or other information you voluntarily include in such comments.
•    To personalize the content that you see based on the activities and products that you have selected on the Heart of       America Shakespeare Festival Site;
•    To allow you to set and change user preferences;
•    To allow you to renew your membership in the Heart of America Shakespeare Festival;
•    To offer you other ways to support the Heart of America Shakespeare Festival, including solicitations for additional       contributions if you have not opted out of receiving such communications;
•    To confirm your contribution to the Heart of America Shakespeare Festival;
•    To confirm your registration to an Heart of America Shakespeare Festival event;
•    To confirm a purchase; and
•    To follow up with you with an email specific to an activity you have participated in or intend to participate in.
The Heart of America Shakespeare Festival Site is hosted by servers in the United States. Accordingly, if you are located outside of the United States, the Voluntarily Submitted Data you provide to us will be transferred to the United States. By submitting your Voluntarily Submitted Data, you consent to its transfer and storage in the United States and its use in accordance with the purposes for which it was originally collected (see below regarding third-party sharing of Voluntarily Submitted Data from non-U.S. residents).
If you are a U.S. resident, we may also from time to time combine your Voluntarily Submitted Data with some publicly available data collected from third parties to improve our services to you and for our own internal marketing, communications, and fundraising purposes.
Third Parties
Third Party Sharing
We share your Voluntarily Submitted Data with third-party service providers who fulfill your orders or transactions, contact you on our behalf, or facilitate some other aspect of the Heart of America Shakespeare Festival Site activities, services or products, including those third-party service providers we use to assist us in our own fundraising and communications efforts and that collect Voluntarily Submitted Data on behalf of the Heart of America Shakespeare Festival for the Heart of America Shakespeare Festival to use as described above. These service providers have access to your Voluntarily Submitted Data solely for the purpose of providing these services to us on our behalf, and they are contractually prohibited from sharing your Voluntarily Submitted Data with any third parties (other than subcontractors assisting them in their providing these services to us and who also are contractually prohibited from sharing our Voluntarily Submitted Data with any other third parties). Please note that we do not share data from non-U.S. residents with any other third parties (except where required by law, see below), even if a non-U.S. resident has subsequently authorized such use, for example, by checking an opt-in request.
We may also share the Voluntarily Submitted Data of members and donors who are U.S. residents with other non-profit organizations and publications (“Sharing Organizations”), but never to any partisan political groups or to groups whose programs are incompatible with Heart of America Shakespeare Festival policies. We never give your Voluntarily Submitted Data directly to the Sharing Organizations; instead we send the list to a third-party service provider that prepares the mailing for the Sharing Organization (and that is contractually bound to use your Voluntarily Submitted Data only for this purpose and not to share it with any third parties other than subcontractors assisting them in their providing these services to us and who also are contractually prohibited from sharing our Voluntarily Submitted Data with any other third parties). The Sharing Organizations never see our list and never know what names are on it unless you respond to the Sharing Organizations’ mailing. Exchanging lists can enable the Heart of America Shakespeare Festival to expand our membership base. However, if you have signed up as a member or donor on the Heart of America Shakespeare Festival Site, you can choose to opt out of having your data shared. To learn more, read the section on “Your Ability to Choose” below.
Finally, we may disclose and use Voluntarily Submitted Data regardless of where you reside in special circumstances when it is necessary to enforce our User Agreement or this Privacy Statement, or when we, under what we hope to be extraordinary and infrequent circumstances, in good faith, truly believe that the law requires us to disclose your Voluntarily Submitted Data to third parties.
Except as described in this Privacy Statement, we will not share your Voluntarily Submitted Data with any third party unless we first notify you and offer you an appropriate choice to consent to such further use, for example, through an opt-out or opt-in request.
Third-Party Functionality
As discussed in the preceding section, to support certain functions carried out on the Heart of America Shakespeare Festival Site, the Heart of America Shakespeare Festival uses third-party service providers. In limited instances with respect to specific optional functions on the Heart of America Shakespeare Festival Site, those third parties may have data collection, use or security procedures that differ from the practices outlined in this Privacy Statement and that may impact users of those optional functions. For example, a third-party service provider may support a specific web tool on the Heart of America Shakespeare Festival site, such as a web game, that appears within the Heart of America Shakespeare Festival Site, even though that tool is actually on the website of the third-party service provider. Any time a third-party service provider’s data collection, use or security practices differs from the data collection/use practices described in this Statement in a manner that would impact users of the Heart of America Shakespeare Festival Site, we will either describe on the pages of the Heart of America Shakespeare Festival Site where such optional functions appear the specific data collection, use or security practices of such third-party service provider that would apply if you elect to use those optional functions or we will provide a link to that third-party service provider’s privacy policy.
Your Ability to Choose
When you provide us with your Voluntarily Submitted Data on the Heart of America Shakespeare Festival Site, you can let us know that you do not wish to receive our email communications by email to Heart of America Shakespeare Festival staff or by contacting us via postal mail sent to HASF Webmaster, 3619 Broadway, Kansas City, MO 64111.
Again, please remember that if you are a non-U.S. resident, we will not use your Voluntarily Submitted Data for any purpose other than the one for which it was originally collected regardless of whether you check or un-check a box.
Security
The Voluntarily Submitted Data we collect about you is stored on a secure, password protected server and only authorized personnel have access to your information. We use industry-standard encryption technologies with respect to the receipt and transfer of Voluntarily Submitted Data you submit to us on the Heart of America Shakespeare Festival Site and only authorized personnel have access to your information. Nevertheless, despite our best efforts, no transmission over the Internet and no data storage method can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
Secure Web Pages
All transaction pages on our website are encrypted with Secure Socket Layer (SSL) certificates.  You will be able to double-click on the locked icon at the bottom of the screen to verify our identity and the expiration of the SSL certificate.
Updating Your Data
To update your Voluntarily Submitted Data or to make corrections, you can do so by email to  Heart of America Shakespeare Festival staff or via postal mail sent to HASF Webmaster, 3619 Main Street, Kansas City, MO 64111.
Comments and Questions
If you have any questions, comments or concerns about this Privacy Statement or our data collection practices or to request that we delete your Voluntarily Submitted Data, you can send email to Heart of America Shakespeare Festival Staff or via postal mail sent to HASF Webmaster, 3619 Main Street, Kansas City, MO 64111.
© 2020 Heart of America Shakespeare Festival
Contact / Terms / Privacy