http://www.hypnotistpro.com/legals
MenuHome
About
Services
Workshops
Training
Stage Show
News
Store
Contact
Legal – Terms of Use, Disclaimer Policy, Privacy Statement.
Terms of Use
This policy is valid from 10th OCT 2012.
Last updated on 10th OCT 2012.
You may not copy, reproduce, republish, disassemble, de-compile, reverse engineer, download, post or otherwise use (a) World Famous Hypnotist; (b) Trance Master; (c) Trance Master Productions content in any way except for your own personal, non-commercial use. You also agree not to adapt, alter or create a derivative work from any of this websites content except for your own personal, non-commercial use. Any other use of (a) World Famous Hypnotist; (b) Trance Master; (c) Trance Master Productions content requires the prior written permission of this websites owner or administrator which can be done by emailing us using the contact form on this website.
Disclaimer Policy
This policy is valid from 10th OCT 2012.
Last updated on 10th OCT 2012.
This website is written by the owner(s) of this website or their content manager(s). For questions about this Website, please contact us using the contact form on this website.
This Website does not accept any form of advertising, sponsorship, or paid insertions. However, we do accept testimonials from people who have purchased our / 3rd parties goods or services through us. These testimonials are based on the individuals own experiences and may not be the same for every (all) individual(s).
This Website abides by word of mouth marketing standards. We believe in honesty of relationship, opinion and identity. We may from time to time post links to products owned by other companies on this Website. However, our opinions on this website are based on our expertise and experiences and we will not endorse products or services that we do not believe in. Any product claim, statistic, quote or other representation about a product or service should be verified with the manufacturer or provider themselves. For health related products and products in general you should note that there are risks and benefits associated with the purchase of these products.
If you have any queries or concerns about a product you should seek the advice of the manufacturer, provider or a registered medical practitioner prior to the use of such product(s).
World Famous Hypnotist; Trance Master; Trance Master Productions and its owners are not responsible nor liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential or punitive damages that may arise from using (a) World Famous Hypnotist; (b) Trance Master; (c) Trance Master Productions and its content.
Privacy Statement
This policy is valid from 10th OCT 2012.
Last updated on 10th OCT 2012 .
When you sign up to participate in or receive a service from (a) World Famous Hypnotist; (b) Trance Master; (c) Trance Master Productions, such as newsletters, competitions, emails, message boards or register with (a) World Famous Hypnotist; (b) Trance Master; (c) Trance Master Productions, we may ask for personal information about you. This can consist of information such as your name, email address, postal address, telephone or mobile number or date of birth and other personal details required. Different webpages within this website may ask for different personal information.
By entering your details in the fields requested, you enable (a) World Famous Hypnotist; (b) Trance Master; (c) Trance Master Productions and its service providers to provide you with the services you select.
Please note that sometimes on particular webpages we will require you to provide additional personal information, and sometimes sensitive personal information. When we do this we will specify further on these webpages why we are collecting your information and how we will use it.
The website will use your personal information for a number of purposes including the following:
for “service administration purposes”, which means that we may contact you for reasons related to the service you have signed up for, (e.g. to provide you with password reminders or to notify you that a particular service has been suspended or cancelled);
to contact you about a submission you have made to the websites, including any content you provide;
to provide testimonials to those whom visit (a) World Famous Hypnotist; (b) Trance Master; (c) Trance Master Productions
Where this website proposes using your personal information for any other uses we will ensure that we notify you first. You will also be given the opportunity to withhold or withdraw your consent for your use other than as listed above.
(a) World Famous Hypnotist; (b) Trance Master; (c) Trance Master Productions may contact you:
in relation to the functioning of any service you have signed up for in order to ensure that we can deliver the services to you;
where you have opted to receive further correspondence;
in relation to any contribution you have made to this website, e.g. on the (a) World Famous Hypnotist; (b) Trance Master; (c) Trance Master Productions message boards;
to invite you to participate in surveys about this websites services (participation is always voluntary); and
for marketing purposes where you have specifically agreed to this. (We won’t contact you for marketing purposes, or promote new services to you unless you specifically agree to be contacted for these purposes).
We will keep your information confidential except where disclosure is required or permitted by law (for example to government bodies and law enforcement agencies). Generally, we will only use your information within this website. However, sometimes Australian Hypnosis uses third parties to process your information. (a) World Famous Hypnotist; (b) Trance Master; (c) Trance Master Productions will require these third parties to comply strictly with its instructions and we will require that they do not use your personal information for their own business purposes.
If you post or send offensive, inappropriate or objectionable content anywhere on or to (a) World Famous Hypnotist; (b) Trance Master; (c) Trance Master Productions, or otherwise engage in any disruptive behavior on this website, we may use your personal information to stop such behavior.
Where we reasonably believe that you are or may be in breach of any of the laws of United States of America (e.g. because content you have posted may be defamatory), (a) World Famous Hypnotist; (b) Trance Master; (c) Trance Master Productions may use your personal information to inform relevant third parties such as your employer, school e-mail/Internet provider or law enforcement agencies about the content and your behavior.
If you are aged 18 or under, please get your parent/guardian’s permission beforehand whenever you provide personal information to the this website. Users without this consent are not allowed to provide us with personal information.
We will hold your personal information on our systems for as long as is necessary for the relevant service, or as long as is set out in any relevant contract you hold with (a) World Famous Hypnotist; (b) Trance Master; (c) Trance Master Productions content. In the case that you wish to cancel your registration as a (a) World Famous Hypnotist; (b) Trance Master; (c) Trance Master Productions member, once an account is deleted a red flag goes on the database and, while people cannot use the personal information, it stays on the system for a period of one year for administration purposes before being deleted automatically.
Where you contribute to this website we will generally only keep your content for as long as is reasonably required for the purpose(s) for which it was submitted. For example, we will only keep copies of entries to a competition for the duration of the competition or unless consent is obtained from yourself to use your competition entry within promotional materials.
This privacy policy may be updated from time to time so you may wish to check it each time you submit personal information to this website. The date of the most recent revisions will appear on this page.
Copyright © 2020 Trance Master Productions.Legal - Terms of Use, Disclaimer Policy, Privacy Statement.
Get the WOW factor!