https://www.raboo.info/terms-of-use/
Terms of use
1. General conditions
You are allowed to use this site when you agree with the conditions
in this text.
The author can change these conditions at any time without prior warning.
If you do not agree with these terms, you are obliged to leave this
site immediately. In that case, you are not allowed to download
anything.
The author of all material on this site is Rudolf Boogerman.
The owner of the site is Rudolf Boogerman.
To keep this text readable, we will use the term author for the
copyrights and at the same time for the owner of the site.
2. Intellectual property rights
You recognize explicitly that all information on this site is and remains
the sole property of the author.
The ideas, texts, images, movies and any other items on the site are
protected by international law on authorship. If you want to
reproduce
them or show items to the public, you need a
written permission from
the author.
Such requests can be made by e-mail.
However, you are allowed to download material from this site for your
personal use only. In other words, you can download material for
decorative
purposes (as background on your desktop, for
example) or for study
purposes, but you are not allowed to
distribute any material from this
site in any
form to others.
If you want to
show other people artwork or
information from this site, direct
them
to
the actual
page(s)
on
this site, instead of sending downloaded
material by e-mail,
for instance.
Journalists
have the right to use material on the site for reviews only.
Students may
only use material in their own projects
after written permission.
Requests for permission can be
made by e-mail (which is in general
granted, but there are
exceptions). Anyone who uses material
without permission
and publish it as their own will be prosecuted.
Some names, signs or logo’s are registered trademarks from other
parties.
You are not allowed to use them in any way, or you
might be sued by
the owners of those trademarks.
3. Responsibility of the author
This site is meant to inform you as best as possible and we do our
best
to keep it bug free but we can’t confirm that the server is
virus free at any given time. In the event that
your computer crashes on this site or gets affected by a virus, the
author can’t be held responsible for it.
Loss of data or damage in whatever form resulting from the use of this
site does not give you any right to financial compensation or
any compensation
at all.
You use this site solely at your own risk.
4. Applying a hyper link to this site
The page where the link resides, must disappear completely and the url
of this site must be clearly visible. In other words: if the
link to
this site resides on a page within a frame, you must
add the target=”_blank”
or target=”new_window” to the code of
the link.
Hyper links or “hot linking” to images or videos is only allowed after expressly written permission
of the author. Such requests can be made by e-mail.
5. Links to sites maintained by the author
This site contains links to other sites created by the author. These
rules also apply to those sites.
6. Links to sites maintained by third parties
This site contains links to other related art sites, just to inform
you as a matter of free service. These sites are not maintained
or created
by the author and therefore, the responsibility
for their content remains
with the owners of these sites.
7. Accessibility
The author has done his best to comply with basic rules regarding
accessibility
for disabled people. Videos with speech contain Closed Captions(CC).
However, the author can’t
be held responsible
in case someone is not able to utilize
this
site in the same way as a regular person
can.
Problems
can be reported
and the
author will investigate and correct it at his own discretion.
8. Privacy and the use of cookies
This site uses cookies to track traffic anonymously via Google Analytics. Although EU law may decide to regard this as unnecessary for the working of the site, we find checking performance of the site very important. None of your personal details are retrieved, except when you subscribe to the newsletter, in which case your email address and the name you give will be recorded in our database.
You can always ask to be removed from our newsletter by sending an email via the contact form.  We hate spam as much as you do.
You can block cookies wherever you see fit via the privacy settings of your browser. It has no influence on navigation, although it will prevent you from writing a comment because the system has to protect itself against spammers and hackers, therefore it records your IP address when you write a comment. If you do not agree with this, do not write a comment.
– END OF DISCLAIMER –
The text of this
disclaimer is written by Rudolf
Boogerman and as an exception on
the rules above, he grants
you the right to copy and publish this
text on your own
site(s)
or do with it what you like.
Comments are closed.
Français
English
Most popular (since 16 April)
Contagious
456 views | 2 comments
Radiantly confined
398 views | 0 comments
Under the bridge – no man’s land
285 views | 0 comments
Boxed in
285 views | 2 comments
Cardboard artwork
272 views | 0 comments
Video art
235 views | 0 comments
El Toro
163 views | 0 comments
Lost Corners project
159 views | 0 comments
Wooden Dimensions project
150 views | 0 comments
London Underground
146 views | 3 comments
Recently added/changed
Video art
Wooden Dimensions project
Cardboard artwork
Lost Corners project
Leftovers on Stage
Boxed in
Radiantly confined
El Toro
Contagious
Zwirl
Humanity everywhere
Vortex
Crowdy day
Watery island
Cryptoart galleries
Ephimera.com
Rarible
Cryptoart directories
CryptoArtNet
Art projects
Copyright Rudolf Boogerman © 1997All rights reserved.
Terms of use - Conditions d'utilisationPrivacy policy
By printing this page, you agree to the terms of use: https://www.raboo.info/terms-of-use/
Par imprimer cet page vous acceptez les Conditions d'utilisation: https://www.raboo.info/fr/conditions-dutilisation/
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkNoPrivacy policy