https://www.dgmlive.com/pages/privacy-policy
Toggle Navigation
King Crimson
Robert Fripp
The Vicar
Tour Dates
Studio Sessions
Word
News
Forum
Discography
Shop
King Crimson
Robert Fripp
The Vicar
Tour Dates
Studio Sessions
Word
News
Forum
Discography
Shop
all
King Crimson
KCI Court
KCII Islands
KCIII Larks
KCIV Discipline
KCV Thrak
The Projekcts
KCVI TCOL
KCVII Radical
Robert Fripp
Soundscapes
Frippertronics
Exposure
L.O.G
R.F.S.Q
L.O.C.G
S.A.O.T.W
Collaborations
The Vicar
Songbook
Chronicles
Videoblog
Graphic Novel
Tour Dates
Studio Sessions
Word
Fripp's Diary
Singleton's Diary
Band Diaries
Biographies
In Depth
News
King Crimson
Robert Fripp
The Vicar
DGM Universe
Forum
Discography
All Artists
King Crimson
Robert Fripp
The Vicar
Shop
DGM UK
DGM USA
DGMLive Privacy Policy
Thank you for using DGMLive.com. DGMLive is the website of Discipline Global Mobile Ltd, who manage the music and works of King Crimson, Robert Fripp and The Vicar.
Your privacy and the security of your personal data are important to us. We recognise that this information is sensitive and private, and always treat it with respect and with confidentiality.  It is to everyone’s benefit that we manage personal information responsibly and transparently.
You may be aware that a new European Union law, called the General Data Protection Regulation or "GDPR" gives certain rights to individuals in relation to their personal data. Even before the GDPR, DGM Ltd has always sought to keep your personal information safe and secure.
This Privacy Policy explains the personal information DGMLive collects about you, and why and how it is used.
What personal information do we collect about you?
To enable us to run the website and offer downloads and services, we collect certain personal information about our users and how they interact with us. How this data can be used is based on the consent that you provide.  The information you supply may be used for delivering products to you, keeping in contact with you and for dealing with any enquiries you may have about our services.
Purchase history information we collect includes:
Products you have bought
Date and times of purchases you make
The personal information we collect includes:
Name
Address
User Name
Email address
We do not collect or store credit or debit card details.
When do we collect information about you?
We collect information about you at any of the following points:
If you register for an online account
If you place an order for products or services
If you subscribe to one of our newsletters
If you use our website (via cookies)
Cookies
To enhance your experience with our website, many of our web pages’ use "cookies." Cookies are text files we place in your computer's browser to store your preferences. Cookies, by themselves, do not tell us your e-mail address or other personally identifiable information unless you choose to provide this information to us by, for example, registering at our site. However, once you choose to furnish the site with personally identifiable information, this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie.
We use cookies to understand site usage and to improve the content and offerings on our site. For example, we may use cookies to personalize your experience at DGMLive.com (e.g., to recognize you by name when you return to our site), save your password in password-protected areas, and enable you to use shopping carts on our website.
Further information on cookies is available from www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org
We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of our website. Google Analytics gathers information about website use by means of cookies. The information gathered relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of our website. Google's privacy policy is available at https:// www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Sometimes we - or some of our suppliers - use Facebook Pixel to check how well specific Facebook adverts are working. More information is available here: https://www.facebook.com/ business/help/742478679120153
How to remove cookies
It is possible to block cookies from websites you visit by setting your internet browser to not accept them or to remove them entirely. The websites below provide instructions on how to do this.
(a)  https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en  (Chrome);
(b)  https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences  (Firefox);
(c) http://www.opera.com/help/tutorials/security/cookies/  (Opera);
(d) https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies    (Internet Explorer);
(e) https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411  (Safari); and
(f) https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-10-microsoft-edge-and-privacy  (Edge).
Please be advised that as a result of removing or not accepting cookies, our website might not work properly.
How will we use the information about you?
The information we collect about you is used in a number of ways, all of which are either legally required to fulfill our services to you or because you have given us permission to do so.
We collect information about you to process your order, manage your online account and manage your newsletter subscription(s). We also use it to be able to show your order history and so that you can access any downloads.
Who we share your information with?
We never sell your information to any other organisation.
However, we do use some external companies to manage our services to you.
Financial transactions relating to DGMLive are handled by our payment services providers - WorldPay, Paypal and Royal Bank of Scotland. We will share transaction data with our payment services providers only to the extent necessary for the purposes of processing your payments, refunding your payments and dealing with complaints and queries relating to payments and refunds. You can find information about the payment services providers' privacy policies and practices at
https://www.worldpay.com/uk/privacy-policy
https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
We also manage & host our website, and send newsletters, using external organisations. As such, DGMLive will store and use your information through these external companies or other organisations. The providers we work with only store your personal information for the purposes we stipulate and are strictly prohibited from accessing or using your data for any other reason.
In some cases, the hosting facilities for our website, downloads and email services are situated in the United States. All of these third-party data processors are GDPR compliant. The European Commission has made an "adequacy decision" with respect to the United States of America. Transfers to the USA will be protected by appropriate safeguards, namely the use of standard data protection clauses adopted or approved by the European Commission, information about which you can obtain from https://www.privacytrust.com/privacyshield/gdpr-vs-privacy-shield.html
All of this helps us to deliver an efficient service for you as a customer.
Our communication with you
Whether you are new to DGMLive or are a long-term user, we aim to keep you informed of our products and services through periodic newsletters, but only if you have actively subscribed and given us your consent to do so. If you have asked to receive this information in the past and you no longer wish to, you have the right to opt out whenever you want to.
If you wish to stop us from sending newsletters, you can opt out using the link on any of the newsletters or contact us at support@dgmlive.com and we will do it for you.
Access to your information
You have the right to request a free copy of the information that we hold about you at any time. If you would like a copy of some or all of your personal information, please email support@dgmlive.com or write to us at DGM Ltd, PO BOX 2030, Pershore, WR10 9EA, United Kingdom.
Before we process this request will we need proof of identification to ensure the data is matched correctly and is safe to be despatched to you.
Removal of your information
You also have the right to request that your personal information be removed from our systems. The only instance in which certain information needs to be retained is to complete a legal obligation, such as fulfilment of an order.
You can request for your details to be removed by writing to us or contacting support@dgmlive.com.   To prevent malicious or rogue requests, we may ask for proof of identification before we process any deletion requests.
How long do we keep your personal information?
DGMLive keeps personal information for as long as you hold an account with us unless you ask us to delete it.
We also store some data from the previous version of our website that existed prior to Nov 2016. We keep this data only for providing access to details of products that users may have bought in the past.
We also retain some personal data where it is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
Other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites, such as the online shops at schizoidshop.com and Burningshed.com. This Privacy Policy only applies to our website.
If you wish to know how your personal information is used on another website visited via DGMLive, you will need to refer to their own Privacy Policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We keep our Privacy Policy under regular review and we will place any updates on our website at https://www.dgmlive.com/pages/privacy-policy
This Privacy Policy was last updated on 22/05/2018
How to contact us
This website is owned and operated by Discipline Global Mobile Ltd. We are registered in England and Wales under registration number 3564432, and our registered office is at Thavies Inn House, 3-4 Holborn Circus, London EC1N 2HA, UK. Our VAT number is (GB)718448611
Please contact us if you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or information that we hold about you.
By email – support@dgmlive.com
Or write to DGM Ltd, PO BOX 2030, Pershore, WR10 9EA.
Supervisory authority
In the unfortunate event that you feel DGM Ltd has not complied with General Data Protection Regulations, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioners Office which is the Supervisory Authority in the UK.
This authority upholds information rights in the public interest, promoting openness by public bodies and data privacy for individuals.
They can be contacted at https://ico.org.uk
Your rights - a more technical summary
Here is a summary of the rights that you have under data protection law. Some of the rights are complex, and not all of the details have been included. Accordingly, you should read the relevant laws and guidance from the regulatory authorities for a full explanation of these rights.
Your principal rights under data protection law are:
(a) the right to access;
(b) the right to rectification;
(c) the right to erasure;
(d) the right to restrict processing;
(e) the right to object to processing;
(f) the right to data portability;
(g) the right to complain to a supervisory authority; and
(h) the right to withdraw consent.
You have the right to confirmation as to whether or not we process your personal data and, where we do, access to the personal data, together with certain additional information. That additional information includes details of the purposes of the processing, the categories of personal data concerned and the recipients of the personal data. Providing the rights and freedoms of others are not affected, we will supply to you a copy of your personal data. The first copy will be provided free of charge, but additional copies may be subject to a reasonable fee. You can access your personal data by visiting My Account when logged into our website.
You have the right to have any inaccurate personal data about you rectified and, taking into account the purposes of the processing, to have any incomplete personal data about you completed.
In some circumstances you have the right to the erasure of your personal data without undue delay. Those circumstances include: the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed; you withdraw consent to consent-based processing; you object to the processing under certain rules of applicable data protection law; the processing is for direct marketing purposes; and the personal data have been unlawfully processed. However, there are exclusions of the right to erasure. The general exclusions include where processing is necessary: for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information; for compliance with a legal obligation; or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
In some circumstances you have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data. Those circumstances are: you contest the accuracy of the personal data; processing is unlawful but you oppose erasure; we no longer need the personal data for the purposes of our processing, but you require personal data for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; and you have objected to processing, pending the verification of that objection. Where processing has been restricted on this basis, we may continue to store your personal data. However, we will only otherwise process it: with your consent; for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person; or for reasons of important public interest.
You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation, but only to the extent that the legal basis for the processing is that the processing is necessary for: the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of any official authority vested in us; or the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party. If you make such an objection, we will cease to process the personal information unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing is for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes (including profiling for direct marketing purposes). If you make such an objection, we will cease to process your personal data for this purpose.
You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes on grounds relating to your particular situation, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.
To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal data is: (a) consent; or
(b) that the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are party or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract, and such processing is carried out by automated means, you have the right to receive your personal data from us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. However, this right does not apply where it would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
If you consider that our processing of your personal information infringes data protection laws, you have a legal right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority responsible for data protection. You may do so in the EU member state of your habitual residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged infringement.
To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal information is consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. Withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of processing before the withdrawal.
You may exercise any of your rights in relation to your personal data by written notice to us. This document was created using parts of a template from SEQ Legal (https://seqlegal.com)
DISCOVER THE DGM HISTORY
.
1940s
1950s
1960s
1970s
1980s
1990s
2000s
2010s
.
SUBSCRIBE
Follow Us
"Space has its own rules and determining conditions."
Home
•
Conditions Of Use & Sale
•
About DGM
•
Privacy Policy
•
Contact Us
•
Help
•
RSS
•
Design: Ben Singleton
•
Web Developer: Cut the Mustard
•
© 1986 - 2020 DGM LTD