http://www.glendalesymphony.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
1.
INTRODUCTION
1.1. PURPOSE OF POLICY. Glendale Symphony Pest Control (“us”, “we,” “Company”) is committed to respecting the privacy rights of visitors and other users of http://www.glendalesymphony.org (the “Site”). We created this Privacy Policy (this “Policy”) to give you confidence as you visit and use the Site, and to demonstrate our commitment to fair information practices. This Policy is only applicable to the Site, and not to any other websites that you may be able to access from the Site, each of which may have data collection and use practices and policies that differ materially from this Policy.
1.2.
NOTICE CONCERNING CHILDREN
PLEASE NOTE:
We are a general audience site, and do not direct any of our content
specifically at children under 13 years of age pursuant to the Children’s
Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998.
2.
INFORMATION COLLECTION PRACTICES
2.1. WHAT
BASIC INFORMATION DOES THE COMPANY COLLECT?
In operating
the Site, we collect personal information from you in a couple different
situations. The first is if you should contact us via the “contact” page. In
doing so, you will provide us with your name and email address. The second is
if you leave a comment to a blog post during which you may be asked for a name
and other information. You are not required to provide us with information via
these two methods to use and enjoy the Site.
2.2. WHAT
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION DOES COMPANY COLLECT?
(a) AUTOMATIC
COLLECTION. Our servers automatically recognize visitors’ domain names and IP
addresses (the number assigned to computers on the Internet). No personal
information about you is revealed in this process. The Site may also gather
anonymous “traffic data” that does not personally identify you, but that may be
helpful for marketing purposes or for improving the services we offer.
(b) COOKIES.
From time to time, we may use the standard “cookies” feature of major browser
applications that allows us to store a small piece of data on your computer
about your visit to our Site. Cookies help us learn which areas of our Site are
useful and which areas need improvement through programs including, but not
limited to, Google Analytics. We may also use cookies from third party social
sites and programs including, but not limited to, Facebook, Google Plus and
Twitter. You can choose to disable cookies through your browser or independent
programs available online. However, if you choose to disable this function,
your experience at our Site may be diminished as some features may not work as
they were intended.
(c) SPONSORS
AND ADVERTISERS. We may decide to accept sponsorship and advertisements on the
Site. Should this occur, you should assume said sponsors and advertisers will
be given access to the impressions and click data on their marketing pieces.
Your personally identifiable information will never be revealed to them by us.
3. USE AND
SHARING OF INFORMATION
3.1. WHAT
DOES COMPANY DO WITH COLLECTED INFORMATION?
(a) PERSONAL
INFORMATION. We do not disclose the personally identifiable information to any
third parties other than those that we use to facilitate the functioning of the
site such as a hosting company and email program for mailings.
(b) ANONYMOUS
INFORMATION. We use anonymous information to analyze our Site traffic. In
addition, we may use anonymous IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our
server, to administer our site, or to display the content according to your
preferences. Traffic and transaction information may also be shared with
business partners and advertisers on an aggregate and anonymous basis.
(c) USE OF
COOKIES. Promotions or advertisements displayed on our site may contain
cookies. We do not have access to or control over information collected by
outside advertisers on our site.
(d)
DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION. We may disclose any information we have for
you if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is
necessary to (1) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process
served on us, (2) protect and defend our rights or property or the users of the
Site, or (3) act under exigent circumstances to protect the safety of the
public or users of the Site.
(e) SALE OF
INFORMATION. In order to accommodate changes in our business, we may sell or
buy portions of the Site or our company, including the information collected
through this Site. If Company or substantially all of its assets are acquired
by a third party, user information will be one of the assets transferred to the
acquirer.
4. SECURITY
The Site has
security measures in place to prevent the loss, misuse, and alteration of the
information that we obtain from you, but we make no assurances about our
ability to prevent any such loss to you or to any third party arising out of
any such loss, misuse, or alteration.
5. WEBSITE
AREAS BEYOND COMPANY’S CONTROL
SUBSCRIBE TO NEWSLETTER
..........
..........
Subscribe to our mailing list to get updates to your email inbox.
GET MONTHLY NEWSLETTER
*Invalid email address.
Subscribe
Search
Search for:
Latest Posts
5 Deadliest Spiders in the WorldFirst things first: Pet peeve. These spiders are
[…]
Rats and Mice are changing their behaviour during COVID-19As the coronavirus pandemic continues its destructive
[…]
Surrey residents evacuated after possible explosive device found near vehicleSome residents of a Surrey neighbourhood were forced
[…]
Unmatched Opportunities in Gilbert AZLife in Gilbert, Arizona is fantastic. From unmatched
[…]
Explore Mesa and its NeighborhoodsMesa’s story is one of mysterious Indians,
[…]
Archives
August 2020
June 2020
September 2019
August 2019
June 2019
May 2019
December 2018
Categories
Bed Bugs
Commercial
Pest Control
Residential
Uncategorized
Tagsant
Bed Bugs
Biological Pest control
Chemical pest control
cockroaches
Different Types of Pest Control
Mechanical pest control
mice
Pest control
Pest control in businesses
pest control prevention
Pest control types
rats
Why Your Business Needs Monthly Pest Control Services