https://www.walden.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Menu
Home
Who We Are
Mission and History
Board of Directors and Staff
Don Henley
Frequently Asked Questions
Contact Us
Policies and Financial Statements
What We Do
News and Events
News Archive
Upcoming Events and Event Catalog
Newsletter
Conservation
Walden Woods
Great Walden BioBlitz
Walden Biodiversity
Protecting Walden Woods
Noteworthy Sites in Walden Woods
Hiking and Recreation
HP Assessed Loop Trail
Global Environmental Leadership Award
Education
Stewardship Lectures
Public Program Catalog
Professional Development Opportunities
Curricular Resources
Planning a Group Visit
For Students
Collections
Special Collections
Thoreau’s Writings
About Thoreau’s Life & Writings
Multimedia
Library Information & Catalogs
Friends of Walden Pond
The Farm at Walden Woods
About The Farm at Walden Woods
Organic Certification
Product Information
News from The Farm at Walden Woods
Get Involved
Donate
Careers and Volunteering
Curriculum Resources
Thoreau
Thoreau’s Life
Thoreau’s Writings
Thoreau Quotations
About Thoreau’s Life & Writings
The Thoreau Log: A Digital Documentary Life of Henry D. Thoreau
Shop
Subscribe
Donate
Effective Date: July 21, 2009
Overview
The Walden Woods Project cares deeply about your privacy and the quality of your experience using this website. This notice describes how we collect and use personal information you provide on The Walden Woods Project website (the “Site”).
If you have questions or concerns regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at 781-259-4700 or write to us at:
The Walden Woods Project
44 Baker Farm Rd.
Lincoln, MA 01773-3004
If you have technical difficulty using the Site, please contact us.
Information We Collect and How We Use It
Visitors may browse the Site without providing any personal information. In order to use certain Site features, you will be required to register on the Site.
If you choose to provide us with personal information by sending us an e-mail or by filling out a form and submitting it through our Site to register for a program, event or contest, to join our mailing list, or to purchase merchandise, we only use that information to complete your request or respond to your inquiry.
In order to provide visitors and registered users with a safe, efficient, and customized experience, we may collect the following types of information:
Log Information: Like most web sites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. These server logs may include information such as your IP address, browser type, operating system, internet service provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exiting pages, and clickstream data. We also use a third-party tracking service that uses log files and cookies to track non-personally identifiable information about Site visitors in the aggregate. We use this information to monitor Site traffic, analyze trends, administer the Site, track user movements around the site and gather demographic information about our user base. This information does not identify individual users and is not linked to personally identifiable information collected as part of the account registration process.
Contact Information and Credit Card Numbers: In the event that you decide to donate, pay a membership fee or purchase merchandise from the Site, we will collect your billing address, mailing addresses, email address and credit card information. While the addresses and other contact information for you will be retained by us and used solely for the purpose of notifying you of renewal dates for your membership, important news about The Walden Woods Project and the availability of other merchandise, your credit card information will not be stored by us once the purchase has been completed unless you choose to make a recurring donation. In the case of recurring donations, we store a secure token that does not contain your card number and our credit card processor stores your card information to process the recurring payments.
Cookies: When you visit the Site, we send one or more “cookies” – a small text file containing a string of characters sent to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser and transmits information about your activities on the site. By default, most browsers are set to accept cookies; however, you may change your browser settings to refuse all cookies or indicate when a cookie is being sent. Note that some Site features may not function properly if cookies are disabled. We do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site.
Clear Gifs: We may use clear gifs (also called web beacons or web bugs) to help us manage Site content by tracking what content is effective. Clear gifs are tiny graphics, with a unique identifier, embedded invisibly on Web pages, which are used to track the online movement of Site users. We may also use clear gifs in our HTML-based emails to let us know which emails recipients have opened. We do this to evaluate the effectiveness of our communications. If you would like to opt out of these emails, please see “Choice and Opt Out” below.
Communication from Us or the Site
Email Newsletter: You can sign up from several locations on the site, including the home page and registration form. You can also sign up from a forwarded copy of the e-newsletter itself. When you sign up, we collect your email address so that we can fill your e-newsletter request. We do not share our e-newsletter list with third parties other than the service provider who emails the e-newsletter for us. You may unsubscribe at any time by following the opt-out instructions included in each e-newsletter.
Service-Related Announcements: On rare occasions when it is necessary to do so, we may send you service-related announcements. For example, we may email you to let you know about scheduled web site maintenance or a disruption in service.
Information Sharing
We do not share personally identifiable information with third parties. We do share aggregate demographic and Site usage information about our user base with funders, partners, and prospective participant groups. This information does not identify individual users. We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights; to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on us or the Site; or in connection with an actual or proposed corporate transaction or insolvency proceeding involving all or part of the business or asset to which the information pertains.
Choice and Opt Out
We ask you to provide personally identifiable information when you sign up for certain services. If we wish to use this information for a purpose other than that for which it was collected, we will ask for your consent prior to such use. If you no longer wish to receive our newsletter updates you may opt out by following the instructions included in each newsletter or communication or by sending us a request.
Accessing and Updating Personal Information
If you have an account on our website, you may update personally identifiable account information at any time. To correct or update information, login and make the changes on your Profile page. You can also contact us for assistance or call us at 781-259-4700.
Links to Other Sites
We do provide links to other sites not owned or controlled by us. While we strive to provide only the best external resources available, be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy policies of these sites. We strongly encourage you to read the policy of any site that collects personally identifiable information.
Security
The security of your personal information is extremely important to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. We restrict access to personal information to our employees, contractors, and agents who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our services. These individuals are bound by confidentiality agreements. Please be aware, however, that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. You should always use caution submitting personal information online. We use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information once we receive it. If you have any questions or concerns about security on our site, please contact us.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to update this privacy policy at any time. If we make changes that materially affect our use or disclosure of personally identifiable information we have previously collected, we will post any changes on this page and, if you have provided us with an email address, notify you by email or by means of a notice on our home page.
If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us through this web site or at:
The Walden Woods Project, 44 Baker Farm Rd., Lincoln, MA 01773-3004
Phone: 781-259-4700
Donate
Subscribe
Thoreau quotation
What you call bareness and poverty is to me simplicity.—Journal, 5 December 1856 More Wealth & Poverty quotations All quotation categories
FAQs
Careers and Volunteering
Contact Information and Directions
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
© The Walden Woods Project, All Rights Reserved.