https://www.vailfilmfestival.com/privacy
Home
Submissions
Film Submissions
Screenplay Contest
Sponsors
Info
Donate
Press
About
Contact
Privacy
Privacy PolicyWelcome to www.vailfilmfestival.com
(the “Website”) operated by Colorado Film Institute. This
Privacy Policy is intended to inform you about how your personally identifiable information (“PII”) and other information is collected by us in operating the Website.The Website offers visitors to the Website (“you” or “your”) the opportunity to browse the Website and use certain features on the Website. By using the Website, you consent to the collection and use of your information by the Vail Film Festival as described herein. The Vail Film Festival reserves the right to change how we handle the information we collect through the Website at any time. We will update this Privacy Policy to reflect any
changes in our privacy collection and handling practices, and will
indicate that changes to this Privacy Policy have been made by listing a new date under “Last Modified” at the end of this Agreement. Such
changes will take effect immediately once posted to the Website.The Vail Film Festival does not require you to provide us with any PII. Unless you provide your personally identifiable information (“PII”)
to the Vail Film Festival through the Website, we will not collect any PII from you. However, in order to use certain functionality (such as purchase passes on line or to sign-up for email alerts) on the Website, you will need to provide certain PII to us, including digital
photographs.The Vail Film Festival will never share your PII with third parties for marketing purposes. We may also release your PII to third parties if we believe such release is necessary (i) to comply
with the law (e.g., a legal process or a statutory authorization), (ii)
to apply or enforce our user agreements, (iii) to protect our rights or
property, (iv) as part of a corporate reorganization, consolidation, merger, or sale of substantially all of the assets of the Vail Film
Festival, or (v) if we reasonably believe that a danger to any person
requires disclosure of such PII. While we take reasonable efforts to protect PII provided to us, we cannot guarantee that such information
will not be lost, disclosed or accessed by accidental circumstances or by the unauthorized acts of others. The Vail Film Festival may
provide links to other websites or resources of possible interest to you. Because we have no control over unaffiliated websites to which we provide links, the collection and use of your PII and other information by such websites shall be subject to the policies and procedures of such
websites and not this Privacy Policy.The Vail Film Festival does not knowingly collect PII from anyone under thirteen (13) years of
age. If you have questions or concerns about any of our information collection or handling practices, please contact us via e-mail at info@vailfilmfestival.org or write to us atVail Film Festival ATTN: Media Manager P.O.Box 1620 Edwards, CO 81632