http://www.blackfilm.com/terms.htm
blackfilm.com Terms and Conditions
of Use
______________________________________________________________________________________
blackfilm.com has adopted the following Terms and Conditions of Use (these
Terms), which are a legal contract between blackfilm.com, Inc., (blackfilm.com),
and you, the user accessing or using the blackfilm.com web site accessible
through the URL http://www.blackfilm.com (the Site).
THESE TERMS DESCRIBE YOUR RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES IN CONJUNCTION
WITH YOUR USAGE OF THE SITE.  PLEASE READ IT CAREFULLY BEFORE ACCESSING
OR USING THE SITE.  BY OPENING ANY PAGES OF THE SITE, YOU SIGNIFY YOUR
ACCEPTANCE OF AND AGREEMENT TO THESE TERMS, JUST AS IF YOU HAD SIGNED
THEM.  YOU ALSO CONSENT TO THE COLLECTION AND USE OF INFORMATION AS SET
FORTH IN GREATER DETAIL IN OUR PRIVACY POLICY.
1.  Third Party Internet Web Sites
blackfilm.com may from time to time provide links and pointers on the
Site to Internet sites maintained by blackfilm.com’s affiliates or other
third parties ("Third Party Sites") and may from time to time
provide third party material on the Site.  These Third Party Sites and
third party materials are provided as a convenience only.  blackfilm.com
has not reviewed, and does not operate or control in any respect, any
information, products or services available on Third Party Sites, and
blackfilm.com is not responsible for any information provided at any Third
Party Sites.  blackfilm.com makes no representations and provides no warranties
whatsoever concerning Third Party Sites, and the fact that blackfilm.com
has provided a link to any Third Party Site on the Site does not constitute
an endorsement, authorization, sponsorship or affiliation by blackfilm.com
with respect to such Third Party Site or its owners or providers or any
products or services mentioned or offered at the Third Party Site.  blackfilm.com
expressly disclaims any responsibility for the content, the accuracy of
the information and/or quality of products or services provided by, advertised
on, or sold through, all Third Party Sites.
2. Membership Rules & Guidelines
blackfilm.com provides an opportunity for users to exchange information,
ideas and opinions through the use of the Site.  Communications posted
in the Site’s community area, including but not limited to the message
board, are provided by users such as yourself who are unaffiliated with
blackfilm.com, and the user providing each such communication is solely
responsible for the content thereof.  In using the Site’s community areas,
you should not assume that messages have been reviewed by blackfilm.com,
that communications contain correct information, or that the persons posting
such communications have accurately identified themselves and/or their
affiliation with any third party.  When using the Site’s community area,
please be certain that anything you say does not compromise your personal
safety.  Do not provide your name, phone number, or any other personally
identifying information to people you do not know.  Do not continue any
conversation online that makes you feel uncomfortable.
In order to maintain tolerant and thoughtful interaction, blackfilm.com
expects you to respect the rights and dignity of others.  Accordingly,
it is a condition of your use of the Site that you do not:
·
restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying
the Site’s community area;
·
post or transmit any unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous,
defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane or indecent information
of any kind, including without limitation any transmissions constituting
or encouraging conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give
rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any local, state, national
or international law;
·
post or transmit comments containing harassing or offensive
language, including sexual references, sexual nicknames, racial slurs
or rude or deliberately offensive comments or engage in disruptive activities
online, including excessive use of scripts, sound waves, scrolling (repeating
the same message over and over), or use viruses, bots, worms or trojan
horses;
·
post or transmit any information, software or other material
which violates or infringes the rights of others, including material which
is an invasion of privacy or publicity rights or which is protected by
copyright, trademark or other proprietary right, or derivative works with
respect thereto, without first obtaining permission from the owner or
right holder and referencing that such use has been permitted by the owner
or right holder;
·    post
or transmit any information, software or other material which contains
a virus or other analogous harmful component;
·     post
or transmit content that encourages or provides instructional activities
about illegal activities, in particular hacking, cracking or phreaking;
·     solicit
other users to join, become members of, or contribute money to any online
service or other organization, advocate or attempt to get users to join
in legal or illegal schemes or plan or participate in scams involving
other users;
·      impersonate
any person or entity or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your professional
or other affiliation with any person or entity;
·      use
the Site to collect personally identifying information about users of
the Site in violation of our Privacy Policy;
or
·       use
the Site for any unlawful purpose.
blackfilm.com, at its sole and absolute discretion, shall determine whether
any information transmitted or received through the Site violates this
provision.  blackfilm.com reserves the right at all times to disclose
any information as necessary to satisfy any law, regulation or governmental
request, or to refuse to post or to remove any information or materials,
in whole or in part, that in blackfilm.com's sole and absolute discretion
are objectionable or in violation of these Terms. You acknowledge that
blackfilm.com reserves the right to, and may from time to time, monitor
any and all information transmitted or received through the Site.  During
monitoring, information may be examined, recorded, copied, and used for
authorized purposes in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of the Site constitutes consent to such monitoring.
BLACKFILM.COM IS A GENERAL INTEREST SITE NOT INTENDED FOR CHILDREN
UNDER 13 YEARS OF AGE.  THEREFORE, PERSONS UNDER 13 YEARS OF AGE ARE NOT
PERMITTED TO REGISTER FOR ANY BLACKFILM.COM SERVICE, EVENT, OR PROMOTIONAL
OFFER.
3. Privacy Policy
blackfilm.com respects the privacy of its users, and has created a Privacy
Policy that explains users’ rights and responsibilities with respect to
personal information disclosed on the Site.  You may review this policy
by clicking any of the links appearing throughout these Terms, or by visiting:
http://www.blackfilm.com/PrivacyStatement.htm.
4.  Advertisers and Sponsors
Sponsors and promotional partners help to support the Site.  Although
blackfilm.com receives compensation from promotional partners and sponsors
on the Site (collectively, “Sponsors”), blackfilm.com does not endorse
the products or services of our Sponsors and makes no representations
or warranties about the products or services of our Sponsors.  You decide
whether to click on our Sponsor’s banner ads or links and whether to make
purchases from our Sponsors.  You are solely responsible for payment of
all costs or fees associated with the purchase of goods and services from
our Sponsors.
5.  Disclaimer of Warranties
YOUR USE OF THE SITE IS SOLELY AT YOUR OWN RISK.  BLACKFILM.COM HEREBY
DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, REGARDING CONTENT, THE SITE, AND THE EVENTS, PROMOTIONS AND
CONTESTS SPONSORED BY THE SITE INCLUDING ANY WARRANTIES OF AVAILABILITY,
NON-INTERCEPTION, FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, CORRECTNESS,
TIMELINESS, COMPLETENESS, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT ANY AND ALL
DISCLAIMERS IN THESE TERMS AND THE PROVISIONS OF THIS SECTION 5 REFLECT
A FAIR AND REASONABLE ALLOCATION OF RISK BETWEEN BLACKFILM.COM AND YOU.
6.  Limitation of Liability
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL BLACKFILM.COM, ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS,
AGENTS OR EMPLOYEES BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY DAMAGES, CLAIMS, DEMANDS
OR CAUSES OF ACTION, WHETHER IN TORT, CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE, WHETHER DIRECT
OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE, AS A RESULT
OF YOUR USE OF THE SITE OR THE CONTENT, PRODUCTS OR SERVICES PROVIDED
THEREON.  IF THE FOREGOING LIMITATION IS UNENFORCEABLE, YOU AGREE THAT
BLACKFILM.COM’S LIABILITY TO YOU, WHETHER IN TORT, CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE,
SHALL NOT EXCEED FIVE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($500.00).
7.  Indemnification
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless blackfilm.com and its directors,
officers, employees and agents from and against any and all claims, actions
and proceedings and any and all costs, fees (including attorneys fees),
expenses, settlements, and judgments that result from your breach of these
Terms or your access and use of the Site.
8.  Copyrights
blackfilm.com grants you the privilege of accessing and viewing the text,
graphics, audio, design, images, charts and other content (the “blackfilm.com
Content”) on the Site solely for your personal, non-commercial use.  blackfilm.com
may revoke such privilege at any time with or without notice for any reason
or no reason.  Any and all blackfilm.com Content and other works on the
Site and any reproductions of any of the foregoing (collectively, "Works")
are the copyrighted works of blackfilm.com and/or its suppliers, and are
protected under U.S. and worldwide copyright laws and treaty provisions.
Other than the limited grant of access to and viewing of the blackfilm.com
Content described above, blackfilm.com grants you no other privileges
or rights in any of the Works.  You acknowledge that any other use of
the Works, including without limitation, reproduction, modification, distribution,
transmission, republication, display, or performance, without the prior
written permission of blackfilm.com, is strictly prohibited.
9.  Trademarks
blackfilm.com, and all page headers, custom graphics, logos, and button
icons are service marks, trademarks and/or trade dress (collectively,
the “Marks”) of blackfilm.com. You agree not to display, use or reproduce
any of the Marks in any manner without prior written consent from blackfilm.com.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, blackfilm.com specifically
prohibits the use of any Mark as a “hot” link to the Site or any blackfilm.com
web site unless the establishment of such a link is approved in advance
by blackfilm.com in writing.  Failure to obtain such approval shall entitle
blackfilm.com to seek an injunction enjoining such use.  All other trademarks,
service marks, product names and company names or logos cited herein are
the property of their respective owners.
10.  Feedback
blackfilm.com is not responsible for material submitted to blackfilm.com
or posted on the Site by Site users.  By communicating with blackfilm.com
however, you grant blackfilm.com a nonexclusive, royalty-free, worldwide,
perpetual and irrevocable license to use, reproduce, display, adapt, modify,
distribute, promote, and publish any materials that you submit to blackfilm.com
or post to the Site.  In addition, these materials may be used by blackfilm.com,
at its sole discretion, in any manner, place, media or technology now
known or later developed and without any obligation to compensate you
or anyone else.  blackfilm.com reserves the right to sublicense the rights
conferred to blackfilm.com in this paragraph to third parties, subject
to the provisions of our Privacy Policy.
11.  Compliance
blackfilm.com makes no representation or claim that any information on
the Site is appropriate or may be downloaded outside the United States
of America.  Access to the Site and to any information thereon may not
be legal by certain persons or in certain countries.  If you access the
Site from outside the United States of America, you do so at your own
risk of liability under the laws of the United States of America or of
your jurisdiction.
12.  Miscellaneous
These Terms, together with our Privacy Policy
constitute the entire agreement between you and blackfilm.com and supersede
any and all other agreements, representations and understandings, whether
written or oral.  These Terms may not be modified or amended by you without
the prior written consent of blackfilm.com.  blackfilm.com may modify
or amend these Terms and the Privacy Policy
at any time without notice to you.  You should regularly review these
Terms for any modifications or amendments to these Terms as your continued
use of the Site after a modification or amendment signifies your assent
and agreement to these Terms, as amended.  If any clause or provision
set forth in these Terms is determined to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable
under present or future law, then, you understand and agree that the clause
or provision so determined to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable shall
be severable without affecting the enforceability of all remaining clauses
or provisions.  These Terms and your use of the Site and any participation
in events or contests sponsored or announced by the Site shall be governed
by the laws of the United States of America and the State of New York,
without regard to its conflicts of laws principles.  The parties agree
that the state courts located in or serving New York County, New York
shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any and all claims, disputes or
other controversies relating to or arising from these Terms or your use
of the Site or any products and services provided by the Site.  The parties
hereby expressly consent to the exercise of jurisdiction over them by
such courts.  To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, each
party to these Terms waives its, his or her right to a jury trial with
respect to any action brought under or in connection with these Terms.
The headings used in these Terms are for convenience only and such headings
are not to be used in determining the meaning or interpretation of these
Terms.
blackfilm.com, Inc.
375 Greenwich Street
New York, NY 10013
Phone:  (212) 941-3823
Fax:  (212) 941-3896
info@blackfilm.com
Copyright 2001 blackfilm.com,
Inc.  All Rights Reserved.