http://www.musictory.com/privacy-cookie
Privacy & Cookies
We are committed to protecting your information and respecting your privacy rights. The aim of this page is to explain how we may gather and use information about you through your interactions with us, including use of this website and other software developed by us.
All use of such information is governed by the principles and practices set out in this statement.
Key Points
Any personal information you give us via forms on the site is treated as confidential and only used to provide our services or communicate with you about them.
We only share your information with third parties acting on our behalf to provide our services, or where required by law.
By sending us information via a form on this site, you consent to our use of this information as explained on this page.
We may collect and process the following data about you
Contact details that you provide by filling in forms on this site. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our services, posting material or requesting further services.
If you contact us, we will keep a record of our correspondence.
Details of transactions you carry out through our site and of the fulfilment of your orders.
How does the Musictory's website use cookies?
Site performance cookies
This type of cookie remembers your preferences for tools found on the Musictory's website, so you don't have to re-set them each time you visit
Anonymous analytics cookies
Every time someone visits our website, software provided by another organisation generates an 'anonymous analytics cookie'.
These cookies can tell us whether or not you have visited the site before.
Your browser will tell us if you have these cookies and, if you don't, we generate new ones.
This allows us to track how many individual users we have, and how often they visit the site.
Unless you are signed in to the Musictory, we cannot use these cookies to identify individuals. We use them to gather statistics, for example, the number of visits to a page. If you are logged in, we will also know the details you gave to us for this, such as your username and email address.
Geotargetting cookies
These cookies are used by software which tries to work out what country you are in from the information supplied by your browser when you click on a web page. This cookie is completely anonymous, and we only use it to help target our content and advertising.
Registration cookies
When you register with the Musictory, we generate cookies that let us know whether you are signed in or not.
Our servers use these cookies to work out which account you are signed in with, and if you are allowed access to a particular service. It also allows us to associate any comments you post with your username.
If you have not selected 'keep me signed in', your cookies get deleted when you either close your browser or shut down your computer.
While you are signed into either of the sites, we combine information from your registration cookies with analytics cookies, which we could use to identify which pages you have seen on the Musictory.
Advertising cookies
These cookies allow us to know whether or not you've seen an advert or a type of advert, and how long it is since you've seen it.
We also use cookies to help us use targeted advertising. We may use cookies set by another organization so we can more accurately target advertising to you. For example, we may show adverts about holidays if you have recently visited the travel section of our site. These cookies are anonymous – they store information about what you are looking at on our site, but not about who you are.
We also set anonymous cookies on certain other sites that we advertise on. If you receive one of those cookies, we may then use it to identify you as having visited that site if you later visit the Musictory. We can then target our advertising based on this information.
Third party advertising cookies
A lot of the advertisements you see on the Musictory are provided by other organisations. Some of these organisations use their own anonymous cookies to track how many people have seen a particular ad, or to track how many people have seen it more than once.
The companies that generate these cookies have their own privacy policies, and we have no access to read or write these cookies. These organizations may use their cookies to anonymously target advertising to you on other websites, based on your visit to the Musictory.
Other third party cookies
On some pages of our website, other organisations may also set their own anonymous cookies. They do this to track the success of their application, or to customise the application for you. Because of how cookies work, our website cannot access these cookies, nor can the other organisation access the data in cookies we use on our website.
For example, when you share an article using a social-media sharing button (for example, Facebook) on the Musictory, the social network that has created the button will record that you have done this.
How to check cookies
The "Settings" section of your browser should be able to help with the management of cookies settings. If you do not wish to receive cookies, you can modify your browser so that you alerts when they are sent.
You can also delete cookies at any time that you have already saved, through your browser settings. You can choose whether to accept cookies that are set by us and our suppliers, the cookie settings page. Please note that most of our website works without the use of cookies, but if you choose to disable some of them, you lose features and functionality.
We is not responsible for the content of third party web sites that can set cookies or not.
More informations about
All About Cookies:http://www.allaboutcookies.org/
Your Online Choices:http://youronlinechoices.eu/
Google:http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Google:http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
How to disable cookies
Most browsers accept cookies automatically, but you can also choose not to accept them. You should not disable this function, since this could prevent you from moving freely from page to page and to benefit from all the site's features. If you do not wish your computer to receive and store cookies, you can change the security settings of your browser (Internet Explorer, Google Chrome, Safari etc.). However, note that certain parts of our Site may be used in their fullness only if your browser accepts cookies; otherwise, you will not be able to use some of the features. As a result, your choice to remove and not to accept cookies may affect your stay on our site. If you want to change the settings of your cookies, entering the various browser settings, the following are brief instructions on how to do this in four most popular browsers:
Microsoft Internet Explorer
Click the icon 'Tools' in the upper right and select 'Internet Options'. In the pop up window select 'Privacy'. Here you can adjust the settings of your cookies, by adjusting the level of use of the same among the various options available.
a href="https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en&ref_topic=14666" rel="nofollow">Google Chrome
Click the icon "Customize and control Google Chrome" in the upper right and select 'Settings'. Then select 'Show advanced settings' and then, in the 'Privacy', click "Content settings". In the pop up window that opens, click "Manage Exceptions", you can change the settings of your cookies, selecting or clearing cookies to keep active or to block.
a href="http://support.mozilla.com/en-US/kb/Cookies" rel="nofollow">Mozilla Firefox
From the pulldown menu in the upper left, select 'Options'. In the pop up window select 'Privacy'. Here you can adjust the settings of your cookies.
a href="https://support.apple.com/kb/PH17191?locale=en_US" rel="nofollow">Safari
The setup menu drop down in the upper right corner select 'Preferences'. Select 'Security' and here you can adjust the settings of your cookies.
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page.