http://www.adamsmale-jazz.com/terms-conditions-policies/
Bio
Gigs
Store
Listen
Booking Info
House Concerts
Electronic Press Kit
Press & Quotes
Contact
Adam’s Gear
Adam’s Guitars
Adam’s Amps
Adam’s Effects
Supporters
Lessons
New Approach Book
YouTube
Terms, Conditions & Privacy Policies
Terms & Conditions
This Terms and Conditions page governs the sale of products between Adam Smale and Customers (each, a “Customer”) of the http://www.adamsmale-jazz.com website (“Site”). This Terms & Conditions policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Adam Smale.
Sales
All sales are final. If there is damage of a product caused during shipping, Adam Smale is not held responsible. There are no returns or refunds given to the Customer after an item has been purchased on the Site, unless;
Returns & Refunds
If an item purchased on the Site is found to be inherently defective having no damage occurring during  shipping with any shipping company used (USPS, FedEx, UPS, Canada Post, etc.), the Customer is entitled to a full refund. In order to receive a refund, the Customer must ship the item back to Adam Smale at the Customer’s expense. Once the the item is received, the Customer will receive a full refund.
Address:
Adam Smale
888 Montgomery St, apt D10
Brooklyn, NY 11213
If you have any questions, contact Adam here.
Checkout Services
The Site will use the services of of PayPal. PayPal accepts all major credit cards and uses secure (https://) online system. You can visit the PayPal policies page to read about your protection as a “buyer” here: https://www.paypal.com/webapps/mpp/ua/useragreement-full
You can also call PayPal’s customer support number at, 1-844-629-9108, if you have any questions or troubles during your transaction.
We collect information about you during the checkout process on our store.
What we collect and store
While you visit our site, we’ll track:
Products you’ve viewed: we’ll use this to, for example, show you products you’ve recently viewed
Location, IP address and browser type: we’ll use this for purposes like estimating taxes and shipping
Shipping address: we’ll ask you to enter this so we can, for instance, estimate shipping before you place an order, and send you the order!
We’ll also use cookies to keep track of cart contents while you’re browsing our site.
When you purchase from us, we’ll ask you to provide information including your name, billing address, shipping address, email address, phone number, credit card/payment details and optional account information like username and password. We’ll use this information for purposes, such as, to:
Send you information about your account and order
Respond to your requests, including refunds and complaints
Process payments and prevent fraud
Set up your account for our store
Comply with any legal obligations we have, such as calculating taxes
Improve our store offerings
Send you marketing messages, if you choose to receive them
If you create an account, we will store your name, address, email and phone number, which will be used to populate the checkout for future orders.
We generally store information about you for as long as we need the information for the purposes for which we collect and use it, and we are not legally required to continue to keep it. For example, we will store order information for 7 years for tax and accounting purposes. This includes your name, email address and billing and shipping addresses.
We will also store comments or reviews, if you choose to leave them.
Who has access
Only the site owner, Adam Smale, has access to information you provide. For example:
Order information like what was purchased, when it was purchased and where it should be sent, and
Customer information like your name, email address, and billing and shipping information.
Adam has access to this information to help fulfill orders, process refunds and support you.
What we share with others
We share information with third parties who help us provide our orders and store services to you; for example:
Payments
We accept payments through PayPal. When processing payments, some of your data will be passed to PayPal, including information required to process or support the payment, such as the purchase total and billing information.
Please see the PayPal Privacy Policy for more details.
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Adam Smale collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the http://www.adamsmale-jazz.com website (“Site”). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Adam Smale.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, place an order, subscribe to the newsletter, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
Adam Smale may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
– To process payments
We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
– To run a promotion, contest, survey or other Site feature
To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
– To send periodic emails
We may use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or User may contact us via our Site.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures. Our Site is also in compliance with PCI vulnerability standards in order to create as secure of an environment as possible for Users.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
Changes to this privacy policy
Adam Smale has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will post a notification on the main page of our Site, revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy and terms of service. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
Adam Smale
http://www.adamsmale-jazz.com
888 Montgomery St, apt D10
Brooklyn, NY 11213
adam@adamsmale-jazz.com
This document was last updated on April 9, 2020