https://www.keriarthur.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Books
Witch King’s Crown
The Kingdoms of Earth and Air Series
Lizzie Grace Series
The Outcast Series
Souls of Fire Series
Dark Angels Series
Riley Jenson Guardian Series
Myth and Magic Series
The Spook Squad Series
The Ripple Creek Werewolf Series
The Damask Circle Series
The Nikki and Michael Series
Stand Alone Books
Anthologies & Novellas
Printable Book List
About
Blog
Extras
Aussie Speak
Fun Stuff
Links
For Writers
A Writer’s Website
Finding Time To Write
“You’ll Never Get Published”
First Person
Male POV
Contact
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This page is used to inform visitors to www.keriarthur.com on our policies dealing with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Keriarthur.com may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective immediately, on posting to this page.
By using this site, you consent to our privacy policy.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit this website?
This site collects personally identifiable information, including but not limited to your name and email address, when you subscribe to our newsletter or enter giveaways. The information collected will be used to contact or identify you, and to send you prizes should you win them.
Service Providers
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.
However, we may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform our Service users that these third parties may have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This website may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
This website does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
Booksellers
United States
Apple Books Amazon Audible Barnes & Noble Books-A-Million Bantam Dell Google Play Indiebound Kobo US Penguin-Random House Powell's
Australia
Apple Books Amazon Angus & Robertson Booktopia Print Dymocks Galaxy Infinitas QBD - The Bookshop Rosemary's Romance Kobo AU Google Play AU
United Kingdom
Apple Books Amazon The Book Depository Foyles Piatkus Waterstones WH Smith Kobo UK Google Play UK
Join NewsletterTo get my newsletter, just type your email address below:
Join NewsletterTo get my newsletter, just type your email address below:
Recent Tweets
@skyladawn But look at that face! How can you stay mad?
Dec 10
•
reply
•
retweet
•
favorite
Copyright © 2020 Keri Arthur | An Austin DesignWorks Production
Privacy PolicyCookie Policy
This website uses cookies for a better browsing experience and to analyze site traffic (anonymous IPs) to improve site performance.I UnderstandCookie Policy