http://www.worldfamouscomics.com/privacy/
World Famous Comics >
About |
Columns |
Comics |
Contests |
Features
TODAY!
Fri, December 11, 2020
Anything Goes TriviaBob Rozakis
Last KissJohn Lustig
Friends & Affiliates
Amazon.com
Mr. Rebates
TFAW
World Famous Comics and the World Famous Comics Network are deeply committed to protecting the privacy of Internet users. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for our network. Network Web sites include World Famous Comics [worldfamouscomics.com], the Comic Book Classifieds [comicbookclassifieds.com], and SketchCards.com [sketchcards.com].
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
World Famous Comics is the sole owner of information collected from the network. The World Famous Comics Network will not sell, share or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed on our Web site.
VOLUNTARY SUBMISSION
In some cases, while within our network, you may be presented with an opportunity to voluntarily provide personal information in response to a survey or some other request for personal or additional information. Unless explicit permission is granted by the person providing the information or it is explicitly stated on the page collecting the information, this information will only be used to respond to the submission and if survey information is presented, it will be presented in an aggregate form and you will not be personally identifiable.
OUR ADVERTISERS
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.
IP ADDRESSES
World Famous Comics logs IP addresses for systems administration purposes. IP addresses are logged to track a user's session. This gives World Famous Comics an idea of which parts of our Web site users are visiting. We do not link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable. This means that a user's session will be tracked, but the user will be anonymous.
COOKIES
Some of the features at the World Famous Comics Network use what we call "cookies". Cookies allow us to both store and retrieve information through a user's browser. The use of "cookies" is for Web site personalization and enhancements. The World Famous Comics Network cannot use these cookies to personally identify you in any way. Also, please be aware that advertisers, affiliates and/or sponsors on the World Famous Comics Network may send cookies to users that we do not control. If for some reason you would rather not take advantage of the benefits made possible with cookies, most browsers allow you to reject cookies or to choose which cookies to accept. Consult your browser's Help documentation for more information.
LINKS
This Web site contains links to other Web sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other Web sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our Web site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by the World Famous Comics Network. For more polices and terms regarding links, please see our Terms of Use.
World Famous Comics >
About |
Columns |
Comics |
Contests |
Features
© 1995 - 2020 World Famous Comics. All rights reserved. All other © & ™ belong to their respective owners. Terms of Use . Privacy Policy . Contact Info