https://www.kcsymphony.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Scroll Down
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy Statement
This is the website of the Kansas City Symphony. The primary purpose of our website is providing information regarding the Kansas City Symphony, not to gather personal information. We do, however, gather some information that is described below. The information we collect is used to improve the content of our web page, to notify consumers about updates to our website, and to contact consumers for marketing purposes.
Information Gathered
For each visitor to our web page, our web server automatically recognizes the consumer’s domain name. We collect the domain name of visitors to our website, the email addresses of those who provide it to us or who communicate with us via email, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, user-specific information on what pages consumers access or visit, and information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations.
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file that is created in the computer’s hard drive that gives that user a unique, random ID. This ID enables the website to readily recognize each visitor on a subsequent visit to the site. For example, a cookie may indicate the preferences selected by a visitor on a prior visit and facilitate more efficient browsing on subsequent visits. We use cookies to store visitor preferences, record session information, such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart, and to record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit.
Use Of Information
If you supply us with your postal address online you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by sending us email at the address below or by calling us at the telephone number below. From time to time, we make the postal addresses of those who provide them to us available to other reputable organizations we think you might find interesting. If you do not want us to share your postal address with other area non-profit organizations, please let us know by sending us email at the address below or by calling us at the telephone number below. With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with nor have special relationships with any ad server companies.
Option To Restrict Use Of Information
If you do not want to receive email from us in the future, please let us know by sending us email at the address below. From time to time, we make the email addresses of those who provide them to us available to other reputable non-profit organizations we think you might find interesting. If you do not want us to share your email address with other local organizations, please let us know by sending us email at the address below or by calling us at the telephone number below. Please provide us with your exact name and address. We will be sure your name is removed from the list we share with other organizations.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers online may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such telephone calls, please let us know by sending us email at the address below, or by calling us at the telephone number below. We will NOT share your telephone number with any other organizations.
Changes To The Use Of Information
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will contact you before we use your data for these new purposes to notify you of the policy change and to provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses.
Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by sending us email at the address below, or by calling us at the telephone number below.
Customer Review
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to all information [including proprietary information] that we maintain about them. Consumers can access this information by sending us email at the address below, or by calling us at the telephone number below. Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us email at the address below, or by calling us at the telephone number below.
Security
When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial information, we redirect visitors to a secure server for the transfer of data. We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the addresses or phone number below.
Contact Information
Our postal address is:
1703 Wyandotte St, Suite 200
Kansas City, MO  64108
We can be reached online or by telephone at (816) 471-0400.