https://www.hearthsideinspirations.com/wpautoterms/refunds-and-returns/
Thanks for shopping at Hearthside Inspirations.We think you will love our products, however, if you encounter a problem or are in any way dissatisfied with your purchase we offer a 100% money-back guarantee on non-digital products if your product is returned within 30 days of receipt.Refunds and Exchanges If, for any reason, you are dissatisfied with your purchase within 30 days after receipt, return the item unused an in the same condition that you received it to:Hearthside InspirationsPO Box 1613Afton, WY  83110Please include a copy of the receipt or other proof of purchase and indicate whether you would like a refund or would like to exchange the item for a like item or an item of similar value.All sales of digital products are final and not eligible for return or exchange.Refunds will be made after the item is received by us and through the payment method used at time of purchase.Class and Workshop RegistrationsFull refunds for class and workshop registrations will be issued if the registration is cancelled 5 calendar days or more before the beginning of the class or workshop. No refunds will be offered for cancellations within 5 days of the beginning of the class or workshop or after the event has started. Registration fees may be transferred to another class or workshop. If you wish to transfer your registration to another date, class, or workshop, please send your request to kathy@hearthsideinspirations.com. Transfer of registration is dependent upon availability and is not guaranteed.Shipment You are responsible for paying for your own shipping costs when returning your item. Shipping costs are non-refundable.Broken or Damaged ItemsWhile we do our best to insure your items are packaged well, damage can happen during shipment. If your item(s) arrives broken or damaged, please email us at kathy@hearthsideinspirations.com with a detailed description of the damage. Return shipping costs may be refunded to you for all items that have been damaged in transit.Contacting UsIf you have any questions on how to return or exchange your item, please contact us.Covid-19Click here to see what we are doing to keep our clients safe.
MenuSign Up for Our Newsletter! Close
Please leave this field emptySubscribe to our newsletter to receive
wellness tips, exclusive offers and news. We promise not to overload your inbox with messages or spam.First nameEmail *Select list(s): Blog Posts New Products & Special Offers Classes & Events
We keep your data private and share your data only with third parties that make this service possible. Please read our privacy policy for a full description of how we use and protect your data.Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.Contact Us Close
Your Name (required) Your Email (required) Subject Your Message Books by Kathy Close Recent Posts Ground Yourself to the Heartbeat of the Earth A Meaningful Life What’s in the Middle
Toggle the Widgetbar
Refunds and Returns - Terms and Conditions - Privacy Policy