http://www.pc.gc.ca/en/termes-terms
Skip to main content
Skip to "About this site"
SearchSearch
Section menu
Places
Find a Parks Canada place
National parks
National urban park
National historic sites
National marine conservation areas
National historic canals and waterways
Visit
Reservations
Plan your visit
Passes and admission
Find a location
Camping and accommodations
Plan by region
Travel tips and ideas
Red chair locations
Activities and experiences
Learn-to camp
Trip planning tools
Visitor guidelines
Visitor safety
Fees
Travel trade
Connect
Contests
Honourary guide
Xplorers
Canada's coolest school trip
Our mascot, Parka
Parkslife
Heritage chocolate
Nature
Science and conservation
Climate change and protected areas
Ecological monitoring
Indigenous ecological knowledge
Creating new protected areas
Protecting species
Conserving and restoring ecosystems
Research in National Parks
Impact assessment
National parks system
National marine conservation areas system
History and culture
Indigenous cultures
National historic sites
Franklin expedition
Archaeology
This week in history
Historic anniversaries
World Heritage Sites
Canadian Heritage Rivers System
Directory of federal heritage designations
Federal Heritage Buildings Review Office
Historic Sites and Monuments Board
Canadian Register of Historic Places
Heritage Gourmet
Multimedia
Google Street View
Apps
360 video series
Join us
Jobs
Campus clubs
Volunteer
Get involved in conservation
Become a Youth Ambassador
Partners
Shop and reserve
Passes and permits
Reservations
Merchandise
You are here:
Home
Terms and conditions
Parks Canada
Section menu
Home
PARKS(EXTRA)NET
National Marine Conservation Areas
National Historic Sites
National Parks
Terms and conditions
Plan your visit
Terms and conditions
Privacy notice
Using files located on non-Government of Canada servers
Providing content in Canada's official languages
Linking to non-Government of Canada websites
Ownership and usage of content provided on this site
Our commitment to accessibility
Interacting with Parks Canada on social media
Subscriptions to the Parks Canada newsletter
Privacy notice
The Government of Canada and the Parks Canada Agency (Parks Canada) are committed to providing websites that respect the privacy of visitors. This privacy notice summarizes the privacy practices for Parks Canada's online activities.
All personal information collected by this institution is governed by the Privacy Act. This means that you will be informed of the purpose for which your personal information is being collected and how to exercise your right of access to that information.
Your privacy and the internet
The nature of the Internet is such that Web servers automatically collect certain information about a visit to a website, including the visitor's Internet Protocol (IP) address. IP addresses are unique numbers assigned by Internet Service Providers (ISP) to all devices used to access the Internet. Web servers automatically log the IP addresses of visitors to their sites. The IP address, on its own, does not identify an individual. However, in certain circumstances, such as with the co-operation of an ISP for example, it could be used to identify an individual using the site. For this reason, the Government of Canada considers the IP address to be personal information, particularly when combined with other data automatically collected when visitor requests a Web page such as the page or pages visited, date and time of the visit.
Unless otherwise noted, Parks Canada does not automatically gather any specific information from you, such as your name, telephone number or email address. Parks Canada would obtain this type of information only if you supply it to us, for example, by email or by filling in a contact form. In such cases, how your personal information is handled will be provided in a Personal Information Collection Statement.
In cases where services are provided by organizations outside of the Government of Canada, such as social media platforms or mobile applications, IP addresses may be recorded by the Web server of the third-party service provider.
Communicating with the Government of Canada
If you choose to send Parks Canada an email or complete a feedback form online, your personal information is used by Parks Canada in order to respond to your inquiry. The information you provide will only be shared with another government institution if your inquiry relates to that institution. Parks Canada does not use the information to create individual profiles nor does it disclose the information to anyone other than to those in the federal government who need to provide you with a response. Any disclosure of your personal information is in accordance with the Privacy Act.
Emails and other electronic methods used to communicate with the Government of Canada are not secure unless it is specifically stated on a Web page.
Therefore, it is recommended that you do not send sensitive personal information, such as your Social Insurance Number or your date of birth, through non-secure electronic means.
Personal information from emails or completed feedback forms is collected pursuant to the Parks Canada Act. Such information may be used for statistical, evaluation and reporting purposes and is included in Personal Information Bank Public Communications (PSU 914).
Third-party social media
Parks Canada's use of social media serves as an extension of its presence on the Web. Social media account(s) are public and are not hosted on Government of Canada servers. Users who choose to interact with us via social media should read the terms of service and privacy policies of these third-party service providers and those of any applications you use to access them. Parks Canada uses Facebook, Twitter, YouTube.
Personal information that you provide to the Government of Canada via social media account(s) is collected under the authority of the Parks Canada Act. This information is collected to capture conversations (e.g. questions and answers, comments, "likes", retweets) between you and Parks Canada. It may be used to respond to inquiries, or for statistical, evaluation and reporting purposes. Comments posted that violate Canadian law will be deleted and disclosed to law enforcement authorities. Comments that violate our rules of engagement will also be deleted. The personal information is included in Personal Information Bank Outreach Activities (PSU 938).
Improving your experience on Government of Canada websites
Digital markers (including cookies)
A digital marker is a resource created by the visitors' browser in order to remember certain pieces of information for the Web server to reference during the same or subsequent visit to the website. Examples of digital markers are "cookies" or HTML5 web storage. Some examples of what digital markers do are as follows:
They allow a website to recognize a previous visit each time the visitor accesses the site;
They track what information is viewed on a site which helps website administrators ensure visitors find what they are looking for.
Parks Canada uses sessional digital markers on some portions of its website. During your on-line visit, your browser exchanges data with Parks Canada's Web server. The digital markers used do not allow Parks Canada to identify individuals.
You may adjust your browser settings to reject digital markers, including cookies, if you so choose. However, it may affect your ability to interact with Parks Canada's website.
Web analytics
Web analytics is the collection, analysis, measurement, and reporting of data about Web traffic and visits for purposes of understanding and optimizing Web usage. Information in digital markers may be used for the purpose of web analytics to remember your online interactions with Parks Canada's website.
Parks Canada uses Google Analytics reporting service to improve its website. When your computer requests a Parks Canada web page, our institution collects certain types of information. For the purposes of the Privacy Act, this information is treated as personal information. The type of information collected includes, but is not limited to:
Network location and the Internet Protocol (IP) address of the computer you used to contact our Web site;
Name of the domain you used to access the Internet (.com, .org, .net, .ca, etc.);
Type of browser you used;
Type of operating system you used (Windows, Mac OS, etc.)
Date and time you accessed the site;
Pages you have accessed and the documents you have downloaded; and
Internet address of the Web site from which you linked directly to our site, if applicable.
Parks Canada carries out web analytics using services from the third-party service provider Google Inc. (Google Analytics). This service provider is based in the Unites States of America (USA), which means that the personal information collected is transmitted outside of Canada and may be subject to USA laws, including the USA Patriot Act. In addition, Google operate servers in other countries on which the web analytics data may be processed. Consequently, the data may be subject to the governing legislation of the country where it is processed. Personal information is set to expire after 14 months, this includes IP addresses and any other personal information including, but not limited to, information in digital markers used in relation to Web analytics.
To track visits to Pc.gc.ca for web analytics, Google Analytics requires the use of digital markers (“cookies”). If you wish, you may opt out of having your visit tracked by:
Changing your browser settings to refuse cookies, disabling JavaScript within your browser, or
Downloading and installing a browser add-on from Google that prevents your visit data from being used
For more information about the privacy policy of these Google services, please visit their website or use the following link:
Google Analytics Privacy & Terms
Protecting the security of Government of Canada websites
Parks Canada employs software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage. This software receives and records the IP address of the computer that has contacted our website, the date and time of the visit and the pages visited. We make no attempt to link these addresses with the identity of individuals visiting our site unless an attempt to damage the site has been detected.
This information is collected pursuant to section 161 of the Financial Administration Act. The information may be shared with appropriate law enforcement authorities if suspected criminal activities are detected. Such information may be used for network security related statistical purposes, audit, evaluation, research, planning and reporting and is included in Personal Information Bank Security Incidents (PSU 939).
Inquiring about these practices
Any questions, comments, concerns or complaints you may have regarding the administration of the Privacy Act and privacy policies regarding Parks Canada's Web presence may be directed to our Access to Information and Privacy Coordinator:
E-mail:
sahar.soleymani@canada.ca
Telephone:
819-938-0306
Address:
Access to Information and Privacy Office
Parks Canada
30 Victoria Street
Gatineau, Quebec, J8X 0B3
If you are not satisfied with Parks Canada's response to your privacy concern, you may wish to contact the Office of the Privacy Commissioner by telephone at 1-800-282-1376.
Using files located on non-Government of Canada servers
To improve the functionality of Government of Canada websites, certain files (such as audio and video files) may be delivered automatically to your browser via a trusted third-party server or content delivery network. The delivery of these files is intended to provide a seamless user experience by speeding response times and avoiding the need for each visitor to download these files. Where applicable, specific privacy statements covering these files are included in our Privacy Notice.
Providing content in Canada's official languages
The Official Languages Act, the Official Languages (Communications with and Services to the Public) Regulations and Treasury Board policy requirements establish when we use both English and French to provide services to or communicate with members of the public. When there is no obligation to provide information in both official languages, content may be available in one official language only. Information provided by organizations not subject to the Official Languages Act is in the language(s) provided. Information provided in a language other than English or French is only for the convenience of our visitors.
Linking to non-Government of Canada websites
Links to websites not under the control of the Government of Canada, including those to our social media accounts, are provided solely for the convenience of our website visitors. We are not responsible for the accuracy, currency or reliability of the content of such websites. The Government of Canada does not offer any guarantee in that regard and is not responsible for the information found through these links, nor does it endorse the sites and their content.
Visitors should also be aware that information offered by non-Government of Canada sites to which this website links is not subject to the Privacy Act or the Official Languages Act and may not be accessible to persons with disabilities. The information offered may be available only in the language(s) used by the sites in question. With respect to privacy, visitors should research the privacy policies of these non-government websites before providing personal information.
Ownership and usage of content provided on this site
Materials on this website were produced and/or compiled by Parks Canada for the purpose of providing Canadians with access to information about the programs and services offered by the Government of Canada. You may use and reproduce the materials as follows:
Non-commercial reproduction
Unless otherwise specified you may reproduce the materials in whole or in part for non-commercial purposes, and in any format, without charge or further permission, provided you do the following:
Exercise due diligence in ensuring the accuracy of the materials reproduced;
Indicate both the complete title of the materials reproduced, as well as the author (where available); and
Indicate that the reproduction is a copy of the version available at Parks Canada.
Commercial reproduction
Unless otherwise specified, you may not reproduce materials on this site, in whole or in part, for the purposes of commercial redistribution without prior written permission from the Government of Canada's copyright administrator, Public Works and Government Services Canada (PWGSC). To obtain permission to reproduce Government of Canada materials on this site for commercial purposes, apply for Crown Copyright Clearance or write to:
Address:
Public Works and Government Services Canada
Publishing and Depository Services
350 Albert Street, 4th Floor
Ottawa, ON
Canada
K1A 0S5
E-mail:
copyright.droitdauteur@pwgsc.gc.ca
Some of the content on this site may be subject to the copyright of another party. Where information has been produced or copyright is not held by Government of Canada, the materials are protected under the Copyright Act, and international agreements. Details concerning copyright ownership are indicated on the relevant page(s). To obtain additional information concerning copyright ownership and restrictions, please contact:
Address:
Parks Canada
30 Victoria Street
Gatineau, Quebec
Canada
J8X 0B3
E-mail:
information@pc.gc.ca
Trademark notice
The official symbols of the Government of Canada, including the Canada Wordmark, the Arms of Canada, and the flag symbol may not be reproduced, whether for commercial or non-commercial purposes, without prior written authorization.
Our commitment to accessibility
The Government of Canada is is committed to achieving a high standard of accessibility as defined in the Standard on Web Accessibility and the Standard on Optimizing Websites and Applications for Mobile Devices. In the event of difficulty using our Web pages, applications or device-based mobile applications, please contact us for assistance or to obtain alternative formats such as regular print, Braille or another appropriate format.
Interacting with Parks Canada on social media
This notice has been written to explain how Parks Canada interacts with the public on social media platforms.
Parks Canada's social media profiles
Parks Canada maintains official profiles on a variety of social media platforms including Twitter, Facebook, and YouTube. Parks Canada operates national profiles as well as profiles for specific national heritage places, regional clusters of national heritage places and Parks Canada programs. All Parks Canada social media profiles are available in both English and French versions.
Content and frequency
We use our social media accounts as an alternative method of sharing the content posted on our website and interacting with our stakeholders. By following our social media accounts (by "following," "liking", "subscribing", etc.), you can expect to see information about the national heritage places Parks Canada administers, as well as the programs and services we provide.
We understand that the Web is a 24/7 medium, and your comments are welcome at any time. You should expect to see new content posted from Monday to Friday between 9:00 am and 5:00 pm of the local time zone specific to each profile. Parks Canada's national channels are operated within the EST/EDT zone, whereas our profiles related to specific national heritage places, or regions within Canada, operate within the local time zone of those locations. We may occasionally post content or respond to comments on weekends and beyond the hours mentioned above, but this is not a regular practice. Comments submitted after hours or on weekends will be read and responded to as soon as possible.
Many national heritage places managed by Parks Canada are operated on a seasonal basis, with reduced services or closure during the off-season. You should expect the regularity of postings by profiles for seasonal locations to decrease, or possibly cease during the off-season. In these cases, we will notify our followers via those profiles if channels are entering periods of reduced usage. In such cases you can continue to interact with Parks Canada's other local or national social media profiles, or contact Parks Canada directly via email or telephone. For alternative means to contact us please refer to the Public Questions or Media Requests section below.
Because the servers of social media platforms are managed by a third party, our social media accounts are subject to downtime that may be out of our control. As such, we accept no responsibility for platforms becoming unresponsive or unavailable.
Links to other websites and ads
Our social media accounts may post or display links or ads for websites that are not under our control. These links are provided solely for the convenience of users. The Government of Canada is not responsible for the information found through these links or ads, nor does it endorse the sites or their content.
Following, "favouriting" and subscribing
Our decision to "follow," "favourite" or "subscribe" to another social media account does not imply an endorsement of that account, channel, page or site, and neither does sharing (re-tweeting, reposting or linking to) content from another user.
Comments and interaction
We will read comments and participate in discussions when appropriate. We ask that your comments be relevant and respectful. We reserve the right to delete comments that violate this notice, and the user may be blocked and reported to prevent further inappropriate comments.
We cannot engage in issues of party politics or answer questions that break the rules of this notice.
We reserve the right to edit or remove comments that:
Contain personal information;
Are contrary to the principles of the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms;
Express racist, hateful, sexist, homophobic, slanderous, insulting or life-threatening messages;
Put forward serious, unproven or inaccurate accusations against individuals or organizations;
Are aggressive, coarse, violent, obscene or pornographic;
Are offensive, rude or abusive to an individual or an organization;
Are not sent by the author or are put forward for advertising purposes;
Encourage illegal activity;
Contain announcements from labour or political organizations;
Are written in a language other than English or French;
Are unintelligible or irrelevant;
Are repetitive or spam; and
Do not, in our opinion, add to the normal flow of the discussion.
In short, please be respectful and make sure that your comments are relevant to where they are posted. The views of users commenting on our social media accounts do not necessarily represent the views of Parks Canada or the Government of Canada.
Accessibility of social media platforms
Social media platforms are third-party service providers and are not bound by Government of Canada standards for Web accessibility.
If you have difficulty accessing content on our social media accounts, please contact us and we will try to solve the problem or provide you with the information in a different format.
Copyright
Information that we post is subject to the Copyright Act.
Privacy
Our social media accounts are not Government of Canada websites and represent only our presence on third-party service providers.
For more information, please refer to our Privacy Notice regarding third-party social media.
Official languages
Many social media platforms have multiple language options and provide instructions on how to set your preferences. The Government of Canada respects the Official Languages Act and is committed to ensuring that our information of is available in both French and English and that both versions are of equal quality.
We reply to comments in the official language in which they are posted. If we think the response is a question of general public interest, we may respond in both official languages.
We may share links that direct users to sites of organizations or other entities that are not subject to the Official Languages Act and available only in the language(s) in which they are written. When content is available in only one language, we make an effort to provide similar content in the other official language.
Public questions and media requests
Although we try to respond to many public questions and comments posed to our social media profiles, we cannot guarantee replies in every instance. Public inquiries requiring responses should be directed to Parks Canada's official telephone numbers, mail or email addresses for public correspondence. You may find a list of both national and location-specific contact information on our Contact us webpage.
Reporters are asked to submit questions to:
Media Relations, Parks Canada:
1-819-420-9292
Toll-free number:
1-855-862-1812
International:
00 1-819-420-9292
E-mail:
pc.media-media.pc@canada.ca
Subscriptions to the Parks Canada newsletter
The following information pertains to the Parks Canada Newsletter. All email communications are done in accordance with Canada's anti-spam legislation (CASL), the Privacy Act and other applicable laws. Your consent is required for your email address to be used to provide you with information for promotional purposes. Subscribers provide consent to receive emails from Parks Canada about special events, promotions and more.
Secure collection and storage of personal information
The information you provide is collected under the authority of section 8 of the Parks Canada Agency Act to administer the Parks Canada Newsletter. You have the right to the protection of, access to, and correction of your personal information, which is described in Personal Information Bank
Public Communications (PSU 914). Information specific to accessing your personal information can be found below.
Personal information as defined in section 3 of the Privacy Act, is recorded information about an identifiable individual. Parks Canada Newsletter subscriber information is collected using secure, encrypted web pages and stored on secured servers in Canada. We use SSL to encrypt data going between your web browser and our website. This means that any information you send to us cannot be viewed by anyone else. You will notice a little “closed lock” icon beside the address bar above or at the bottom of your browser when connected securely to us. You will also know that you are on a secure page when the web address begins with "https:"
You have the right to file a complaint with the Privacy Commissioner of Canada regarding the institution’s handling of your personal information.
Use of personal information
To respect your privacy and protect you, we collect the minimum amount of personal information needed to administer the Parks Canada Newsletter. Your personal information will only be used to send you promotional emails about Parks Canada events and activities, special offers, trip planning news and more. In critical situations, your information could also be used to send you informational emails that would greatly impact your visit to our places (e.g. closures).
The information you provide may be used and/or disclosed internally for policy analysis, research and/or evaluation purposes. However, these additional uses and/or disclosures of your personal information will never result in an administrative decision being made about you.
The Parks Canada Newsletter is administered by a third-party provider. This third-party provider temporarily shares subscriber email addresses with a service provider to send the newsletter. Upon completion of this task, the service provider permanently deletes all information as soon as the newsletter is sent.  Your information will not be disclosed to other parties for any other purposes outside of administering the newsletter.
Personal information collected
When giving your consent to receive communications from Parks Canada, the Parks Canada Newsletter database captures the following data for each subscriber:
Email address
Date subscribed
Time subscribed (when available)
Preferred official language
Sign-up source
Postal code (when available)
Interests (when available, e.g. boating).
Any additional data captured by an online transaction with Parks Canada will not be captured in the Parks Canada Newsletter database.
Sharing the Parks Canada Newsletter
There are safe ways to share the Parks Canada Newsletter with others. It is strongly suggested to share a newsletter by sending its website rather than forwarding an email. Forwarding a newsletter from your inbox to anyone will share your information via personalized links, and it will allow recipients to modify your personal information or even unsubscribe you. If you have forwarded a Parks Canada Newsletter to someone, you can take action to secure your data again; unsubscribe and then sign up again to get all new, secure personalized links.
If you believe someone would be interested in receiving future newsletters, provide them with a link to the sign up page (https://pcan-ebulletin.ca/en/signup).
Accessing your personal information
Subscribers can access their personal data with the following methods:
Online: Canadian residents can access their personal information held by Parks Canada by making an access to personal information request.
Email:
Send an email to pc.information.pc@canada.ca using the subject line ‘Parks Canada Newsletter - request to access information’ to request that the information the Parks Canada Newsletter database captures on you be accessed. The email should include the original subscriber email address.
Other:
Communicate your request to Parks Canada’s National Information Service via mail, telephone and teletypewriter.
Updating your personal information
There are multiple ways for subscribers to update their personal information (email address, Canadian postal code, preferred official language and interests).
From a Parks Canada Newsletter in your inbox:
Follow the “Update your information” link in the footer and submit the form with your edits. The newly inputted information will replace any existing data in our database.
From the newsletter sign up page:
Enter your information again on the sign up page to receive a personalized link via email to bring you to a personalized “Update subscriber information” page. The newly inputted information will replace any existing data in our database.
Email:
Send an email to pc.information.pc@canada.ca using the subject line ‘Parks Canada Newsletter - request to update information’ to request that your info be updated. The email should include the original subscriber email address and changes to be made.
Other:
Communicate requested changes to Parks Canada’s National Information Service via mail, telephone and teletypewriter.
Modifying interests is currently only possible using methods 3 and 4 above.
Unsubscribing
Subscribers can unsubscribe at any time and there are several ways to do so.
From a Parks Canada Newsletter in your inbox:
Follow the “Unsubscribe” link in the footer of a newsletter and unsubscribe by pressing the button on our unsubscribe page.
From the newsletter sign up page:
At any time, enter your information again on the sign up page to receive a personalized link via email to bring you to a personalized unsubscribe page.
Email:
Send an email to pc.information.pc@canada.ca using the subject line ‘Parks Canada Newsletter - unsubscribe request’ to request that they be unsubscribed. Please indicate the email address to be unsubscribed.
Other:
Subscribers may also request to be unsubscribed via mail, telephone and teletypewriter.
Once unsubscribed, all of your personal information stored in the Parks Canada Newsletter database will be deleted. Please note that information deleted from this database does not affect information stored within other Parks Canada source databases from which you would have subscribed (e.g. Parks Canada Reservation Service, online sales, etc.).
Many email clients offer in-client ways in which to unsubscribe. While these services are not a guaranteed method to unsubscribe, we will manually unsubscribe any requests that we receive. To ensure your request is processed, we suggest using one of the Parks Canada-managed methods listed above.
Should subscribers have spam blockers or other technological issues that result in newsletters not being delivered to their inbox, we retain the right to unsubscribe any subscriber after receiving notice that three subsequent send attempts have failed. To prevent this from happening, please add info@pcanada-ebulletin.ca to your safe sender list.
Newsletter Analytics
Newsletter analytics is the collection, analysis, measurement, and reporting of data about subscriber interactions with the newsletter for purposes of understanding and optimizing the newsletter. Every recipient of an email campaign is given a unique ID number for that particular campaign, which is used to get tied to different events (e.g. receiving the email, opening the email, clicking a link, etc.).
The type of information collected includes:
Date and time you received the newsletter
Date and time you opened the newsletter
Date and time you clicked on a link
Links you have visited
IP address (not collected but used by Google Analytics to identify unique clickthroughs).
Date modified :
2020-11-10