http://www.wesweb.net/privacy
News
Events
Books
Music
Audio/Video
Shop
Contact
Privacy policy
Regarding non-public personal information of users of Wesleystace.com and JohnWesleyHarding.com
Effective as of October 1, 2010
This Disclosure covers all personally identifiable information about users of this web site.
Information we collect: We collect information you provide to us such as submitting your email, and any information you provide to us in any transaction with us, such as purchasing merchandise, submitting entries to contests, etc.
How we use your non-public information: We may use your information for marketing and promotion purposes such as to let you know about tour dates, projects and promotions and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
How we share your non-public information with unaffiliated third parties: We do not share your personal information with unaffiliated third parties. We do not provide personal information about you or your transactions to outside companies for the purpose of their marketing services or goods to you.
How we share your non-public information about you or your transactions to affiliated companies: We may share information about your transactions with affiliated companies, with whom we have a relationship and who has a duty of Confidentiality, such as fulfillment companies, record companies, promotion companies, etc., including information provided by you in any transaction with us, and verification of such information.
Other situations where we may be required to share your information: We may be required to share your non-public personal information as required by federal, state or local laws or by court order.
Policy on keeping your personal information secure: Anyone with access to your information is required to maintain the confidentiality of that information. However, no transmission over the internet can be guaranteed to be absolutely secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee the security of any information transmitted to our site. Thus,
you are submitting personal information at your own risk. We maintain file and computer safeguards at all times.
How do I opt out of you sharing my non-public information: If you wish to opt out, simply close your browser screen or do not submit your information to us and we will not receive your information. If you wish to unsubscribe at any point in the future, simply send us an email at wesnews@mndspring.com, with the subject line “unsubscribe”.
Use of this website by children under 13: No information may be submitted by any person under 13 years of age.
When you come to our site, you may be directed to links and URLs over which we have no control. Some of these sites may contain information and graphic materials which are not suitable for children and materials which are even objectionable to some adults. We are not endorsing any such website and we advise parents to exercise caution over their children’s activities at all times while surfing the web. Your use and access to this site indicates your agreement to this policy. If you do not agree to all the terms of this policy, please do not access this site.
Audio
‘Negative Love,’ from The Man with No Shadow.
more songs
Video
“Making Love to Bob Dylan”
more videos
Connect
Mailing List
First Name :
Last Name :
Email Address :
Events
more events
Twitter
Follow @wesleystace
© 2020 Wesley Stace • Site by Abbey Stace & Gabriel Roth • Header photo © Ph. Matsas/Opale • Privacy policy • Booking / press / bio