http://www.nikosdionysios.com/index.php/en/contact/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Home
Contact
Privacy Policy
nikosdionysios.com values the privacy and security of the information you share with us through www.nikosdionysios.com. We also want you to feel comfortable using our website. It is important that you understand how we collect, use and maintain your information. This Privacy Policy deals with personally identifiable information (referred to as "Data" below) that may be collected by us on our site.
This Policy does not apply to other entities that we do not own or control or persons that are not employees, agents or within the control of nikosdionysios.com.Please take time to read our Terms of Use.
By using the nikosdionysios.com website you are agreeing to the terms of this Privacy Policy (last updated on July 24, 2018) and, as applicable, the Terms of Use.
What types of data we collect
Personal Information includes: your name, address information, email address and URL, telephone number, account username and password, credit/debit card numbers and associated billing addresses (if intended to make a purchase) and expiration dates, account numbers, as well as other, similar information.Such information is only collected from you if you voluntarily submit it to us.
Non-Personal Information:
We gather statistical and other analytical information collected on an aggregate basis of all visitors to our website. This Non-Personal Data comprises of information that cannot be used to identify or contact you, such as demographic information regarding, for example, user IP addresses where they have been clipped or anonymized, browser types and other anonymous statistical data involving the use of our website.
What purposes is your data used for
With the data stored on our site, we identify you as our customer/subscriber/patron and deliver products/notices and other marketing materials. As a visitor, you aren’t allowed to purchase any product or subscribe to our newsletter or make a comment anonymously. This data is used to identify you and allow you to use these services on our site.
How long does nikosdionysios.com retains your information
When you register for a nikosdionysios.com account, we process and keep your personal data we have about you for as long as your account is active or until you delete your account/unsubscribe yourself (subject to laws and regulations).
What we don’t do with your personal data
We do not and never share, disclose, sell, rent, or otherwise provide your personal data to other companies for the marketing of their own products or services.
Who has access to your data
We don’t share your information like email, name, etc with third-parties (subject to laws and regulations). Only our administrators have access to your data. No third party can access your data from us.However, you may review and delete your data whenever you please.
What rights do you have over your data
Upon having an account on nikosdionysios.com or leaving comments, you can request to have an exported file of your personal data that we have collected. You can also request that we delete/erase your data, excluding the data we are obliged to retain for administrative, security or legal purposes.
Third party links on our site
With regard to any third party links of products and services on our website, we have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Third party sites have their own privacy policies.Please use discretion when using third party links.
What policy do we have for children
We recognize we have a special obligation to protect personal data obtained from children. We do not and will not knowingly collect personal data from any child under 16 without consent from their parent or guardian. If you are a parent or guardian and are concerned about the transfer of personal data about your child, please contact us.
What our cookies do on your browser
nikosdionysios.com uses cookies to identify and track visitors, their actions on our site and their website access preferences.
How to control and delete cookies
If you want to delete cookies follow the instructions at: www.wikihow.com/Clear-Your-Browser's-Cookies. If you wish to disable your browser from receiving cookies follow the instructions at: www.wikihow.com/Disable-Cookies. Note that if you set your browser to disable cookies, you may lose some functionality and features of our website. You can find out more information on cookie settings at third-party information sites, such as www.allaboutcookies.org.For more information on the EU legislation on cookies please read the ePrivacy directive.
What data breach procedures we have in place
If in case of a data breach such as loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access, unauthorized personal data transmission or storage, we will notify you immediately upon discovery.
How you can review, update, get a copy or delete your data
You are free to review and update your information at any time directly through our site. To change your information please login to our site and click the "My Account" link. If you want to delete or get a copy of your data on our site, send an email to our technical director from the contact link.
HomeAboutPerformancePerformance-LatestPerformance-ArchivesReviewsWorkshopMediaNewsGalleryRecordingsContactPrivacy Policy
© nikos dionysios - nikosdionysios.com
We use cookies to ensure we give you the best possible experience on our website. Please read our Privacy Policy for more information.I accept