http://www.judgestory.org/privacy-policy/
Home
Law
Stories
About Phillip
Contact Phillip
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy for http://www.judgestory.org
The privacy of our visitors to http://www.judgestory.org is important to us.
At http://www.judgestory.org, we recognize that privacy of your personal information is important. Here is information on what types of personal information we receive and collect when you use and visit http://www.judgestory.org, and how we safeguard your information. We never sell your personal information to third parties.
Log Files: As with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files. The information in the log files include your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider, such as AOL or Shaw Cable), the browser you used to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site.
Cookies and Web Beacons: We do use cookies to store information, such as your personal preferences when you visit our site. This could include only showing you a popup once in your visit, or the ability to login to some of our features, such as forums.
We also use third party advertisements on http://www.judgestory.org to support our site. Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site, which will also send these advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program) information including your IP address, your ISP , the browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed. This is generally used for geotargeting purposes (showing New York real estate ads to someone in New York, for example) or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited (such as showing cooking ads to someone who frequents cooking sites).
DoubleClick DART cookies We also may use DART cookies for ad serving through Google’s DoubleClick, which places a cookie on your computer when you are browsing the web and visit a site using DoubleClick advertising (including some Google AdSense advertisements). This cookie is used to serve ads specific to you and your interests (“interest based targeting”). The ads served will be targeted based on your previous browsing history (For example, if you have been viewing sites about visiting Las Vegas, you may see Las Vegas hotel advertisements when viewing a non-related site, such as on a site about hockey). DART uses “non personally identifiable information”. It does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, telephone number, social security numbers, bank account numbers or credit card numbers. You can opt-out of this ad serving on all sites using this advertising by visiting http://www.doubleclick.com/privacy/dart_adserving.aspx
You can choose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security. However, this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites. This could include the inability to login to services or programs, such as logging into forums or accounts.
Deleting cookies does not mean you are permanently opted out of any advertising program. Unless you have settings that disallow cookies, the next time you visit a site running the advertisements, a new cookie will be added.
Phillip Turner
Phillip Turner is the owner of this blog and sharing all about law, stories, legal and much more. Get in touch to get latest stories into your inbox and social media newsfeed.
Subscribe & Follow
Search this Website
Latest Stories
6 Ways That On-Screen Court and Real-life Court Are Very Different
04/02/2020
How to pick the right lawyer
19/08/2018
The benefits of watching legal stories
10/06/2017
It seems nothing is Exempt from Court Action – Even Landscaping!
17/05/2017
Starting off your career as a lawyer
23/04/2017
The Freedom of Speech; Cyberbullying!
16/04/2017
Top 5 famous trials
10/04/2017
Advertisment
SUBSCRIBE TO NEWSLETTER
..........
..........
Subscribe to our mailing list to get updates to your email inbox.
GET MONTHLY NEWSLETTER
*Invalid email address.
Archives
February 2020
August 2018
June 2017
May 2017
April 2017
Sponsored
Categories
Blog
Blog Section
Judges
Law
Stories
Schedule
December 2020
M
T
W
T
F
S
S
« Feb
123456
78910111213
14151617181920
21222324252627
28293031
Recent Tweets Tweets by _lifeinsurance
Quick AccessHome
About Phillip
Contact Phillip
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use