https://www.eja.net/home/privacy_policy/
Imprint
Owner
Stichting European Juggling Association (EJA)
Jodenbreestraat 24-1
1011 NK Amsterdam
Netherlands
Phone: +31-20-623-9487
E-Mail: info (at) eja.net
Registered at Kamer van Koophandel Amsterdam (41213128)
Represented by the Chairman: Aaron Trickett
CopyrightCopyright © 2019 by Stichting European Juggling Association, Amsterdam. All rights reserved.
It is hereby expressly permitted – in accordance with the following four restrictions – to redistribute these Web pages including attached documents.
1. These Web pages and attached documents may only be used for informational purposes.
2. The Web pages and documents may not be used for commercial purposes.
3. All copies (applying also to excerpts) must include this statement of copyright.
4. Photos are provided by Philip Nicolai, EJC2015/Jakob Weichenberger, and Anton Kovyakh and belong to the respective photographers.
Privacy
EJA uses Google Analytics for tracking user experience across the website according to their privacy policy for handling user data.
We track user activity such as redirects, which pages are being viewed, for how long and from which general location. We explicitly do not track or store any personally identifiable data or share/use any data with marketers or for marketing purposes. The complete IP adresses are explicitly anonymized before being sent for analytics.
Session cookies are only used for administration purposes, explicitly not used for user tracking.
Please note that most web browser applications (such as Microsoft Edge, Mozilla Firefox and Google Chrome) have features that can notify you when you receive a cookie or prevent cookies from being sent. In Microsoft Edge, you can refuse all cookies by clicking “Tools”, “Internet Options”, “Privacy”, and selecting “Block all cookies” using the sliding selector. In Firefox, you can adjust your cookies by clicking “Tools”, “Options” and “Privacy”. In Google Chrome, you can also adjust your cookies by clicking on “Settings”, “Show advanced settings”, “Content settings” and on the “Privacy” section.
If you disable cookies, however, you may not be able to use certain personalized functions of the website.
The newsletter is hosted by Mailchimp and all user data is kept with Mailchimp according to their Privacy Policy. The EJA retains access to this data purely in order to be able to communicate with those who opt in. We specifically do not request any PII (personally identifiable data). The only data saved for the purposes of the newsletter are the e-mail address, first name and user country. This helps us know what kind of audience we have to tailor the experience the best way possible.
Liability
The use of the EJA website and its content is at your own risk. EJA makes no representations or warranties about the accuracy, reliability, completeness, currentness, or timeliness of any provided content.
Specifically, EJA may not be liable for any damages resulting from the use or inability to use the site or the content.
EJA does not endorse the content of any third-party websites that may be linked with EJA websites and may not be responsible for their content or further links.
Home
News
EJA
European Juggling Conventions
Information for organizing teams
List of EJCs
Contact
By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. more information AcceptThe cookie settings on this website are set to "allow cookies" to give you the best browsing experience possible. If you continue to use this website without changing your cookie settings or you click "Accept" below then you are consenting to this.Close