http://www.parapal-online.co.uk/privacy.html
Free Online English Lessons to improve your listening, writing, reading, vocabulary and
grammar skills.
Home
Sitemap
Academic
Essays
IELTS Graphs
General English
Letters and eMails
General English
Punctuation Exercises
Picture Dictionary
Exam Exercises
Listening Exercises
Vocabulary
Mobile activities
Business English
eLearning
Blog
Free Software
Content shop
VLE
Services
Links
Recommended
More
Contact Us
Privacy and Cookies
Privacy Policy for www.parapal-online.co.uk
If you require any
more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel
free to contact us by email through this link, http://www.parapal-online.co.uk/chat/contact.htm.
At
www.parapal-online.co.uk, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance
to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information
is received and collected by www.parapal-online.co.uk and how it is used.
Log Files
Like many other Web sites, www.parapal-online.co.uk
makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet
protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ),
date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends,
administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather
demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked
to any information that is personally identifiable.
Cookies and Web
Beacons
www.parapal-online.co.uk does use cookies to store information
about visitors preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the
user access or visit, customize Web page content based on visitors browser type
or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.
Parapal-Online uses Google Adsense, Google Analytics and Addthis, which all use cookies in their operation. for Details on these look at the following pages Google Analytics, Google Adsense and Addthis
DoubleClick DART Cookie
.:: Google, as a third party vendor,
uses cookies to serve ads on www.parapal-online.co.uk.
.:: Google's use of
the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to
www.parapal-online.co.uk and other sites on the Internet.
.:: Users may opt
out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network
privacy policy at the following URL - http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our
site. Our advertising partners include ....
Google Adsense
These
third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and
links that appear on www.parapal-online.co.uk send directly to your browsers.
They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies
( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the
third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and
/ or to personalize the advertising content that you see.
www.parapal-online.co.uk has no access to or control over these cookies
that are used by third-party advertisers.
You should consult the
respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed
information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out
of certain practices. www.parapal-online.co.uk's privacy policy does not apply
to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web
sites.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your
individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management
with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers' respective websites.
Korean
Hungarian
Spanish
German
Privacy