http://www.spellex.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
1. Introduction
At Spellex, we respect the rights of our Web site visitors and want you to feel comfortable using this Web site. This privacy policy deals with personal information that may be collected by this site about our on-line visitors and can be used to track areas of the site visited; date and time of access, and identification of the referring site. This policy does not apply to other entities that are not owned or controlled by Spellex, nor does it apply to persons that are not employees or agents of Spellex, or that are not under Spellex’s control.
2. Use of Data
Data may be used to customize and improve your user experience on this site. Efforts will be made to prevent your data being made available to third parties unless (i) provided for otherwise in this Privacy Policy; (ii) your consent is obtained, such as when you choose to opt-in or opt-out for the sharing of data; (iii) a service provided on our site requires interaction with a third party, or is provided by a third party, such as an application service provider; (iv) pursuant to legal action or law enforcement; (v) it is found that your use of this site violates Spellex’s policy, terms of service, or other usage guidelines, or if it is deemed reasonably necessary by Spellex to protect the site editor’s legal rights and/or property; or (vi) this site is purchased by a third party, in which case that third party will be able to use the data in the same manner as set forth in this policy. In the event you choose to use links displayed on this Web site to visit other Web sites, you are advised to read the privacy policies published on those sites.
3. Cookies
Spellex may place an electronic “cookie” in the browser files of a guest’s computer. Cookies are pieces of information that a Web site transfers to an individual’s computer hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies themselves do not enable us to access any personal information about our visitors.
4. NYE LAW §2-D
Spellex is committed to protecting the confidentiality, integrity and security of student, teacher and staff data, consistent with the provisions of New York Education Law §2-d by adopting the data security and privacy policy in compliance with the new regulations. For detailed requirements of this law, please go to www.nysenate.gov/legislation/laws/EDN/2-D.
5. Section 508 Compliance
As developers of many of the world’s top software programs for students and adults with disabilities, Spellex is proud to be fully compliant with Section 508 of the 1973 United States Workforce Rehabilitation Act. Section 508 mandates that all electronic and information technology developed, procured, maintained, or used by the federal government be accessible to people with disabilities.
6. Changes to Privacy Policy
Changes may be made to this policy from time to time. You will be notified of substantial changes to this policy either by the posting of a prominent announcement on the site, and/or by a mail message sent to the e-mail address you have provided.
7. No Guarantees
While this privacy policy states standards for maintenance of data, and while efforts will be made to meet the said standards, Spellex is not in a position to guarantee compliance with these standards. There may be factors beyond Spellex’s control that may result in disclosure of data. Consequently, the site editor offers no warranties or representations as regards to maintenance or non-disclosure of data.
8. Contact Information
If you have any questions about this policy or about this Web site, please feel free to contact us by clicking here.