http://www.artistportfolio.net/privacy.html
Art icons
Articons.co.uk
Art Movements
Artmovements.co.uk
Art magazine
Artmovements.co.uk
Art industri
Artindustri.com
Project/task management and team collaboration tool made for G Suite
Get started. It's free
All artists
A
B
C
D
E
F
J
H
I
G
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
Privacy policy
The Artists Portfolio Site and The Art Industri Group are committed to safeguarding your privacy online at any of our sites.
Please be so kind as to read the following information to gain a better understanding of how your information will be used by The Artists Portfolio Site and The Art Industri Group. The Artists Portfolio Site and The Art Industri Group hereafter referred to as Art industri. As the Internet and Art Industri develop this policy might change. We do encourage you to return again to see if there have been any changes to our privacy policy.
Art Industri collects information in several ways. Personal information is gathered from our clients when registering a website, for Newsletters, artist portfolios, gallery portfolios or resources with our registration services. When purchasing any of the products offered by Art Industri some personal information is gathered for processing purposes and to better serve our client. The more accurate the information provided the better our services will be.
Art Industri uses all your information in a responsible manner! We use the information internally to be able to better serve you. We might send you an announcement of new or improved services at Art Industri. We might classify your records according to where your resource is located to better serve our visitors in terms of geographic location. Art Industri might use your personal information for advertising targeting on our site to better serve your interests. If an advertiser requests for example to show advertisements to users from London we target the ad towards you if you live in London and surrounding areas. However, we do NOT make your personal information available to the advertiser.
Art Industri does not sell, rent or release personal information gathered on our sites to other companies, individuals or groups. Any information gathered is only used at Art Industri for purposes stated above.
Art Industri uses industry standard secure server software. Should the client provide us with sensitive information for any reason (such as a credit card number), that information will be encrypted with industry standard SSL (Secure Socket Layer) technology.
Please note that email is not encrypted and is not considered a secure means of transmitting credit card numbers.
Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online - for example on message boards, through email, or in chat areas - that information can be collected and used by others. In short, if you post personal information online that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return. Ultimately, you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords and/or any account information. Please be careful and responsible whenever you are online.
Development by Magic Web Solutions.