http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/articles/1f8hK2xGZ3y9d20k22dhhSM/privacy-policy
BBC Scottish Symphony Orchestra
HomeConcert DiaryAbout The OrchestraInspiration for AllWatch & Listen|Orchestras Home
Main content
BBC SSO Privacy Policy
This page sets out the details of specifically the BBC Scottish Symphony Orchestra’s privacy notice in relation to information collected about you.We process that information under data protection law, which is found mainly in the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”).
If you are looking for the BBC's overall Privacy Policy you can read it here: www.bbc.co.uk/privacy/
Who we are:
BBC Scottish Symphony OrchestraBBC ScotlandCity HallsCandleriggsGlasgowG1 1NQ
The orchestra is part of the British Broadcasting Corporation (the BBC), the largest broadcasting organisation in the world. We are a public service broadcaster, established by a Royal Charter and primarily funded by the licence fee that is paid by households in the UK, Channel Islands and Isle of Man. The BBC includes the BBC World Service, which broadcasts to the world on radio, on TV and online, providing news and information in over 40 languages.
The licence fee is supplemented by income from the commercial exploitation of licence fee funded content and infrastructure through commercial subsidiaries – BBC Studios Ltd, BBC Global News Ltd and BBC Studioworks.
The BBC as data controller
The BBC is responsible for the personal data you supply to the orchestra. In data protection law, this is called being the data controller. This means we decide how to collect and use your data and are responsible for ensuring that your data is kept safely and used lawfully, fairly and in a transparent manner. Your data is processed for the for the purposes of the orchestra’s legitimate interests in operating its business and, in particular, for marketing and in planning future events.
If you have questions about how we handle your data you can contact the BBC SSO as follows:
Head of Marketing and CommunicationsBBC Scottish Symphony OrchestraCity HallsCandleriggsGlasgowG1 1NQ Email: bbcsso@bbc.co.uk
You can also contact the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) if you have concerns about how we use your personal data. The BBC’s ICO registration number is Z517352X.
How we collect information about you
You give us your information when you buy a concert ticket, sign up for one of our events, update your email preferences, complete a survey or communicate with us. We also keep your details when you sign up to receive email from us.
In Glasgow, Glasgow Life sells tickets on our behalf and shares your booking information with us. Glasgow Life is a charity that delivers cultural, sporting and learning activities on behalf of Glasgow City Council. They deliver a range of services including arts, music, sports, events and festivals, libraries, community development and learning programmes. In addition, they manage 167 buildings including Glasgow City Halls and Glasgow Royal Concert Hall.
If you buy a ticket from Glasgow Life for a BBC SSO performance, your name, contact details and a record of the tickets you have bought will be visible to us through Vital Statistics. Vital Statistics is a data management system owned by Purple Seven which includes a secure online portal used to share and analyse data.
We keep a record of the emails we send you, and we may track whether you receive or open them so we can make sure we are sending you the most relevant information.
Other personal information we collect may include:
your name and title
postal address, email address and phone number
ticket purchase and event registration / attendance
contact preferences
details of correspondence sent to you, or received from you
When we ask you to provide your personal information we will let you know why we are asking, and how we will use your data, by directing you towards this notice.
What we do with your information
We may use your information to send you promotional and marketing information by post or by electronic means. These types of communications can include:
informing you of other products, services or events related to the orchestra, such as concerts, events and broadcasts
our Season brochure
news and updates about the orchestra, What’s On guides, and newsletters
surveys for market research purposes
We process your data for certain legitimate business purposes in order to provide you with the best experiences and most relevant information. These include recording your ticket purchases, subscriptions, keeping you up-to-date on the events you have booked as well as sending you information about similar BBC SSO events and opportunities.
Tools may be used to monitor the effectiveness of our communications with you, including email tracking, which records when an email from us is opened and/or how many links are clicked within the message. The data from this tracking is generally used in an aggregated and anonymised form.
You can opt out of any / all of our promotional and marketing communications at any point simply by contacting bbcsso@bbc.co.uk
We will normally hold your information for as long as you are actively attending concerts. If you choose to opt out, your details will be added to a suppression list and then deleted after three years.
Who we share your information with
We transfer your personal information securely to our email distributor and CRM database Maximizer who process it under our instructions (which is called being a data processor).
We transfer your personal information securely to mailing houses including Johnston Mailing in Glasgow and Multi Resource Marketing in Market Harborough who post marketing materials on our behalf.
We use Smart Survey and SurveyMonkey to distribute questionnaires.
We may share anonymised information about customers with other organisations providing us with business services, particularly Culture Republic, who use this to analyse our audience and ticket sales to improve our services.
How we keep your information secure
We have implemented security procedures, rules and technical measures to protect the personal data that we have under our control from:
unauthorised access
improper use or disclosure
unauthorised modification
All our employees and data processors who have access to, and are associated with the processing of personal data have undertaken data protection training from the BBC and are bound by confidentiality obligations.
What rights do I have in relation to the information you have about me?
Data protection law gives you certain rights in relation to your data, including a right to ask us for access to your data, to correct or erase it, to restrict our processing of it, and to object to us processing it. For further details of these rights (some of which are not automatic and apply only in certain circumstances) see www.ico.org.uk
Other websites
Pages on the BBC Scottish Symphony Orchestra website include links to relevant content including within glasgowconcerthalls.com, usherhall.co.uk, aberdeenperformingarts.com, www.horsecross.co.uk, www.eden-court.co.uk/, bbc.co.uk/proms, bbc.co.uk/radio3, www.sagegateshead.com. Each of these websites has its own privacy notice, and this privacy notice does not apply to these websites.
Changes to our privacy notice
This privacy notice may be updated from time to time so you may wish to check it each time you submit personal information to us. The date of the most recent revisions will appear on this page. If you do not agree to these changes, please email bbcsso@bbc.co.uk. If material changes are made to the notice, for instance affecting how we would like to use your personal information, we will provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of privacy notice changes). This privacy notice was last changed on 15 May 2018.
How to contact us
If you have any comments on our privacy notice, or information we hold about you please contact us:
by email to bbcsso@bbc.co.uk
or write to us at Data Protection, BBC Scottish Symphony Orchestra, City Halls, Candleriggs, Glasgow, G1 1NQ
Cookies
How does the BBC use cookies?
The BBC uses different types of cookies for different things, such as:
Analysing how you use the BBC
Giving you a better, more personalised experience
Recognising when you’ve signed in
Giving people outside the UK the international version of the BBC website (which has adverts).
Strictly Necessary cookies
These cookies let you use all the different parts of bbc.co.uk. Without them services that you have asked for cannot be provided.
Some examples of how we use these cookies are:
Signing into the BBC
Remembering previous actions such as text entered into a registration form when navigating back to a page in the same session
Remembering security settings which restrict access to certain content e.g. to help with parental control choices.
Functional cookies
These help us personalise the BBC to you. For instance, remembering your preferences and settings so if you set a location on the BBC homepage, we’ll remember it using functional cookies and use it to give you local news and weather. They also remember your choice of playlist and favourites and help fulfil requests by you such as commenting on a blog.
Some examples of these cookies are:
Flash cookies, which are stored on your hard drive, not your browser. These are useful for things like pausing a programme on iPlayer and then later picking up where you left off.
Remembering if you visited the website before so that messages for new visitors are not displayed to you
Remembering settings applied to the website such as colour, font size and layout.
Performance cookies
These help us understand how people are using the BBC online, so we can make it better. And they let us try out different ideas.
We sometimes get other companies to analyse how people are using the BBC online. These companies may set their own performance cookies You can opt out of these cookies via www.bbc.co.uk/usingthebbc/cookies/how-can-i-change-my-bbc-cookie-settings/
Some examples of how we use these cookies are:
To collect information about which web pages visitors go to most often so we can improve the online experience
Error management to make sure that the website is working properly
Testing designs to help improve the look and feel of the website.
Cookie name
What it's for
S1 / ns_session / NO-SA / ckpf_sylphid / ckpf_mvt / ckpf_sa_labels_persist/ ckps_iplayer_nations_1
Analytics cookies set by the BBC (“iStats”) The BBC’s analytics system uses cookies, log file data and embedded code to gather information regarding visitor activity on the BBC's websites and other BBC online services. The data gathered is sent to ComScore, the BBC's analytics partner, for analysis and reporting. The BBC uses this information to help improve the services it provides to its users. You can opt in or out of this reporting in cookie setting: http://www.bbc.co.uk/usingthebbc/cookies/how-can-i-change-my-bbc-cookie-settings/
Scorecard Research by comScore
Comscore provide the BBC with analytical information about our visitors. ComScore collect data on the traffic and engagement for the site to provide the BBC with a competitive context of their performance versus the market. This data is then used for sales pitches, editorial, strategy, business development and product development. For more information about what how comScore use this data, please visit the ScorecardResearch Privacy Policy: https://www.scorecardresearch.com/privacy.aspx Opt-out of ScoreCard Research cookies: http://www.scorecardresearch.com/preferences.aspx?newlanguage=1
Nielsen/NetRatings Quantcast
These independent measurement and research companies, based in the US, gather data regarding the visitors to BBC sites on our behalf using cookies, log file data and code embedded in our sites. The BBC uses this information to help improve the services it provides to its users. To opt-out of receiving these cookies from these companies, follow the links below: Out-out of Nielsen/NetRatings cookies: https://priv-policy.imrworldwide.com/priv/browser/us/en/optout.html Opt-out of Quantcast cookies: https://www.quantcast.com/opt-out/ (set for international users only)
Google DoubleClick
The BBC uses Google DoubleClick to measure the effectiveness of its online marketing campaigns. Opt-out of DoubleClick cookies: https://support.google.com/ads/answer/7395996
Google Analytics
From time to time some BBC online services, including mobile apps, use Google Analytics. This is a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. Google Analytics sets a cookie in order to evaluate use of those services and compile a report for us. Opt-out of Google Analytics cookies: https://www.adobe.com/uk/privacy/opt-out.html
Adobe SiteCatalyst (2o7.net)
Adobe uses cookies, log file data and embedded code to gather data on behalf of the BBC World Service about visits to the BBC World Service sites including the foreign language news sites, a full list of which can be found on the BBC Languages site. The BBC World Service uses this information to track volume of usage on the World Service sites and to help improve the services it provides to users. Opt-out of SiteAnalyst cookies: https://www.adobe.com/uk/privacy/opt-out.html
Effective Measure
Effective Measure provide BBC Worldwide with analytical information about visitors based in the Middle East and Africa. Effective Measure collect data on the traffic and engagement for the site to provide BBCW with a competitive context of their performance versus the market. This data is then used for sales pitches, editorial, strategy, business development and product development. Opt-out of Effective Measure cookies: https://www.effectivemeasure.com/opt-out/
i00 / Kantar for BARB
Along with other broadcasters, we share anonymous data about use of online and mobile media players with the Broadcasters' Audience Research Board (BARB), to understand how many people watch online, and how much they watch. Kantar Media collect this data for BARB using cookies. The anonymous data collected by Kantar's cookies is only used for this purpose. Opt-out of Kantar cookies: https://optout.2cnt.net/
Optimizely
The BBC uses Optimizely cookies, to test and analyse how audiences interact with BBC websites. We do this to make informed decisions about how to provide a better experience for visitors to BBC websites. To opt-out of the Optimizely cookies please visit our How can I change my BBC cookie settings? page and turn off performance cookies. (http://www.bbc.co.uk/usingthebbc/cookies/how-can-i-change-my-bbc-cookie-settings/)
Related Content
Similar programmes
By genre:
Music > Classical
Explore the BBCHomeNewsSportWeatheriPlayerSoundsCBBCCBeebiesFoodBitesizeArtsTasterLocalThree