http://www.digitalhit.com/policy.shtml
Privacy Statement for DigitalHit.com
DigitalHit.com has created this privacy statement in
order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The
following discloses the information gathering and dissemination
practices for this Web site: DigitalHit.com
Information Automatically Logged
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our
server and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is also
used to gather broad demographic information. For example we
obtain some types of non-personally identifiable information such
as the Internet Service Provider you use to connect to the
Internet, your browser type, or the type of computer operating
system you use (Macintosh or Windows, for example). The
information collected by DigitalHit.com is used for the purpose
of measuring usage and targetting versions of each page that are
optimized for your browser.
Cookies
Our Site uses cookies to make sure you don't see the same
ad repeatedly. We also use cookies in polls and surveys to
prevent "ballot box stuffing". In the future we may use
cookies to allow you to personalize the presentation of
information on the site.
Advertisers
This site uses the services of Valueclick Media, Burst Media,
Casale Media and Google for the serving and/or
targeting of ads, promotions and other marketing messages. To do
this, these ad networks collect anonymous data typically through
the use of cookies.
Third Party Advertiser Information Collection
We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect
certain anonymous information when you visit our web site. These
companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g.,
click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of
advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to
this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about
goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These
companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to
collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral
advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising,
you can visit www.networkadvertising.org.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites. DigitalHit.com
is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of
such Web sites.
Special Relationships
DigitalHit.com maintains special business relationships with
Amazon.com and Allposters.com. Purchases made on
these sites through special links on the DigitalHit.com site
generate a sales commission for us. DigitalHit.com does
not have access to any of the customer information that you
may choose to provide to those sites. The only information we
receive is totally anonymous. For example, we can find out that
on day Y, X people have clicked through to Amazon.com from us and
bought a book on awards shows. We don't have any idea who
those people are. Each of the sites mentioned have their own
privacy policies.
DigitalHit.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC
Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to
provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising
and linking to amazon.com.
DigitalHit.com is a participant in the Amazon Europe
S.à.r.l. Associates Programme, an affiliate advertising
programme designed to provide a means for sites to earn
advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.co.uk.
DigitalHit.com is a participant in the Amazon.ca, Inc.
Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to
provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising
and linking to Amazon.ca.
Supplementation of Information
This site supplements the information that you provide with
information that is received from third parties. This is limited
to broad demographic info such as browser type, geographic
region, etc.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the
practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you
can contact us via our feedback
form.