http://www.schwantner.net/privacy-policy/
Joseph Schwantner
Bio
Works
Discography
News
Events
Contact
Open Menu
Bio
Works
Discography
News
Events
Contact
Privacy Policy
Home Privacy Policy
Privacy Notice
Effective Date: September 28, 2018, 8:43 am
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for Joseph Schwantner and our website, https://www.josephschwantner.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website, except where stated otherwise. It will notify you of the following:
What information we collect
With whom it is shared
How it can be corrected
How it is secured
How policy changes will be communicated
How to address concerns over misuse of personal data
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g., to answer your question.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about new releases, events, and new works.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number provided on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect information (such as contact information), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only administrators who need the information to perform a specific job (e.g. publicity or responding to inquiries) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers on which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Cookies
We use "cookies" on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor's hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance their experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Notification of Changes
If the privacy policy is updated, a notice will be provided on the website.
Other Provisions as Required by Law
Numerous other provisions and/or practices may be required as a result of laws, international treaties, or industry practices. It is up to you to determine what additional practices must be followed and/or what additional disclosures are required. Please take special notice of the California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA), which is frequently amended and now includes a disclosure requirement for “Do Not Track” signals.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via email at info@josephschwantner.com.