http://www.lct.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to Main ContentMenuPrivacy PolicyShare thisTweet thisShare via email
Privacy Policy Privacy Policy
Collection and Use of Personal InformationTelecharge.com, Delivra and Blackbaud NetCommunity and Blackbaud Payment Services (BBPS), acting as agents for The Vivian Beaumont Theater, Inc., d/b/a Lincoln Center Theater, collect personal information from you when you use Telecharge.com to purchase tickets to our shows, Delivra to join our e-mail list, or Blackbaud to make a donation, register for an event or update your giving profile. This information may include your name, user name, e-mail address, post office address, telephone number, event preferences and other personal data you enter when visiting this web site. We only collect this information when you enter it voluntarily. We may also collect certain information regarding your use of this web site for purposes of marketing, statistical analysis and determining your interests to better serve you.We store your personal information so we can provide you with better and more convenient service. We use your mailing address so that we can send your tickets to the proper address and to authorize any credit card purchase. We also may use your e-mail or mailing address for the purpose of donor engagement or acknowledgement, or to notify you of special events that you might be interested in. We may also use your email address or home telephone number to contact you with customer service information. We otherwise reserve the right to use your personal information in other ways that are legally permissible.Credit Card InformationNetCommunity secures your private information using Secure Socket Layer ("SSL") certificates. SSL certificates encrypt all data transmission between your computer and our website. SSL certificates are deployed and trusted by a majority of e-commerce website operators worldwide.Lincoln Center Theater and Blackbaud Payment Services are also compliant with the rigorous standards established by the Payment Card Industry ("PCI"), a cooperative group comprised of all major credit card issuers.Your credit card information is encrypted as soon as the transaction is entered into the giving form, and card information is stored in a secure database for a limited time period. This is in compliance with the standards of credit card issuers, as it helps them resolve disputes and protect against fraudulent use of your card. After you enter your credit card information into the online form, only the last four digits are potentially visible to anyone.Protection of ChildrenPersonal information collected about children under age 13 is protected by the Children's Online Privacy Protection act of 1998, and the accompanying proposed federal regulations (accessible at www.ftc.gov). If you are younger than 13 years old, please tell your parents you are using this web site. In addition, you or your parents should e-mail us so we will not share your personal information with any other parties. Your parents may also request to view any information we have collected about you.Cross Border Data TransferLincoln Center Theater is located in the United States. If you are visiting our website, setting up an account with us, purchasing tickets for events, or otherwise providing us with your information, you should know that such information will be processed in the United States, and the United States’ privacy laws may be different from the laws applicable where you are located. If you are located in the European Union, we process your data only to the extent needed to provide you the services or products you have purchased, including by administering your account with us and keeping you updated about events and news related to Lincoln Center Theater. EU Residents: If you have questions about your personal data, please write to info@lct.org
Share thisTweet thisShare via email