http://www.grnrngr.com/terms-of-use
Skip to Main Content
GrnRngr.com
Terms of Use
GrnRngr.com Terms of Use
Terms
By accessing the GrnRngr.com website (“Site”), you are agreeing to be bound by these website Terms of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing the Site The materials contained in the Site are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law.
Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials on the Site for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on the Site;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
transfer the materials to another person or “mirror” the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by GrnRngr.com at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
Disclaimer
The materials on the Site are provided “as is”. GrnRngr.com makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, GrnRngr.com does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy or reliability of the use of the materials on the Site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any websites linked to the Site. For further details on specific materials within the Site, please consult the Site’s legal disclaimer.
Limitations
In no event shall GrnRngr.com be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on the Site, even if GrnRngr.com or a GrnRngr.com-authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
Accuracy of Materials
The materials appearing on the Site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. GrnRngr.com does not warrant that any of the materials on the Site are accurate, complete, or current. GrnRngr.com may make changes to the materials contained on the Site at any time without notice. GrnRngr.com does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials. If you encounter an error, you may contact GrnRngr.com at corrections@grnrngr.com.
Links
While GrnRngr.com has reviewed all of the websites which it links to, it is not responsible for the contents of any such linked websites as said contents are likely to have been changed, updated, or otherwise modified since that time. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by GrnRngr.com. Use of any such linked website is at the user’s own risk.
Modifications
GrnRngr.com may revise these terms of use for tge Site at any time without notice. By using the Site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms of Use.
Governing Law
Any claim relating to the Site shall be governed by the laws of the State of California (the state of residence of the Site’s web hosting company) without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important. Accordingly, a Privacy Policy has been developed in order for you to understand how GrnRngr.com collects, uses, maintains, and discloses information collected from users.
This document was last updated on January 1, 2020.
Back to Top