https://www.tolquhon-gallery.co.uk/content/6-privacy-policy
>
Privacy policy
Blog
Going Solo — Deborah Phillips and Stephen M.Redpath
17/09/2020
Summer Collection — Online at Tolquhon 2020
3/06/2020
Art in the time of COVID
20/05/2020
View all posts »
Newsletter Sign Up
Subscribe to our mailing list to receive occasional newsletters and invitations to exhibitions.
Ok
Privacy Statement
We, Tolquhon Gallery, are committed to protecting the privacy of anyone using our site and the confidentiality of any information that you provide us with. The purpose of this statement is to set out how we use any personal information that we may obtain from you.
Data Protection Law
Our policy complies with UK law accordingly implemented, including that required by the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). We are registered under the Data Protection Act and comply with the Act in all our dealings with your personal data.
Use and collection of personal information
In general you can visit our website without telling us who you are and without revealing any information about yourself. If, however, you register on our site or wish to be added to our Mailing List you will be asked to provide certain information such as your contact details. We will store this data and hold it on computer or otherwise.
We may use information that you provide:
(a)  To register you with our website and to administer it.
(b)  For assessment and analysis, to enable us to review, develop and improve our services.
To proceed with an order, we have to process and store your data, and provide your data to third parties who are directly involved with your order, e.g. couriers. By placing an order with us, you agree to your data being processed by Tolquhon Gallery. Other than couriers, who will be provided with your contact details, we will not disclose your personal data to anyone, unless required to do so by a court of competent jurisdiction.
Wherever possible, we aim to obtain your explicit consent to process personal information, for example, by asking you to agree to our use of cookies. Sometimes you might give your consent implicitly, such as when you send us a message by e-mail to which you would reasonably expect us to reply.
We will not pass on or sell your personal data to third parties to market products or services.
Registration
Certain areas of the website may require registration. If we issue a username and/or password to you, you agree to protect such information by, among other things, keeping your username, password and any other information relating to your account confidential. The protection of your username and password is your responsibility. If you allow another party to use your account, you will be responsible for making such party aware of our Terms and Conditions.
If you wish to update or delete personal information that you have supplied, please contact us.
Cookies
“Cookies” may be used by us to provide you with, for example, customised information from our website. This is standard practice for websites. A cookie is an element of data that a website can send to your browser which may then store it on your system. If you wish, you can usually adjust your browser so that your computer does not accept cookies but you may not be able to take full advantage of our website. Please remember cookies do not contain confidential information such as your home address, telephone number or credit card details. We do not exchange cookies with any third party websites or external data suppliers.
Security
We endeavour to take all reasonable steps to protect your personal information. However, we cannot guarantee the security of any data that you disclose online and we will not be responsible for any breach of security unless this is due to our negligence or wilful default.
General
At any time you may review or update personally identifiable information that we hold about you, by signing in to your account on our website.
To obtain a copy of any information that is not provided on our website you may send a request to: Joan Ross, Tolquhon Gallery,Tolquhon, Tarves, Ellon, AB41 7LP
If you wish us to remove personally identifiable information from our website, you may contact us at art@tolquhon-gallery.co.uk. This may limit the service we can provide to you.
Policy updated 12 May 2018
Tolquhon Gallery, Tolquhon, Tarves, Ellon, Aberdeenshire, AB41 7LP
Copyright © 2020 Tolquhon Gallery
Website by Teapot Creative