http://www.1iota.com/company/terms
Accessibility Help
skip to main navigation
skip to main content
skip to log in or sign up
skip to log in or sign up
You must set your browser to accept cookies in order to access certain functions of this site, including requesting tickets.
An error occurred, redirecting you to the home page in 5 sec.
Toggle navigation
Get Tickets
See Stars
Browse Calendar
Help
Toggle navigation
LogIn
SignUp
LogIn
SignUp
Terms of Use
1iota Productions LLC is a TV ticketing, casting and event planning company that allows members to create unique personal profiles online in order to obtain FREE tickets to events and to be casted for TV shows. The website is operated by 1iota.com (“1iota.com”.) By using the 1iota.com Website (the "Website") you agree to be bound by these Terms of Use (this "Agreement"), whether or not you register as a member ("Member"). If you wish to become a Member, please read this Agreement and indicate your acceptance by following the instructions in the Registration process.
This Agreement sets out the legally binding terms for your use of the Website and your Membership. 1iota Productions LLC may modify this Agreement from time to time and such modification shall be effective upon posting by 1iota Productions LLC on the Website. You agree to be bound to any changes to this Agreement when you use the Website after any such modification is posted. This Agreement includes 1iota.com’s policy for acceptable use and content posted on the Website, your rights, obligations and restrictions regarding your use of the Website and 1iota.com’s Privacy Policy.
The personal information you provide on 1iota.com will not be shared with anyone except in the limited circumstances provided in our Privacy Policy. Your 1iota.com profile will include the following items: your self-chosen screen name, e-mail address, first name, last name, birthday and photographs posted by you. Your information or photographs may not contain nudity, violence, or offensive subject matter. Information provided by other 1iota.com Members (for instance, in their Profile) may contain inaccurate, inappropriate or offensive material, products or services and 1iota Productions LLC assumes no responsibility or liability for this material.
1iota Productions LLC reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to reject, refuse to post or remove any posting (including email) by you, or to restrict, suspend, or terminate your access to all or any part of the Website at any time, for any or no reason, with or without prior notice, and without liability.
By participating in an offline event after your use of the Website, you agree to release and hold 1iota Productions, LLC and the organizer of the event harmless from any and all losses, damages, rights, claims, and actions of any kind, including, without limitation, personal injuries, death, and property damage, either directly or indirectly related to or arising from your use of the Website or your participation in or attendance at any offline event.
Eligibility
Membership is void where prohibited. By using the Website, you represent and warrant that all registration information you submit is truthful and accurate and that you agree to maintain the accuracy of such information. Your profile may be deleted without warning, if it is found that you are misrepresenting your information. Your Membership is solely for your personal use, and you shall not authorize others to use your account, including your profile or email address. You are solely responsible for all Content published or displayed through your account, including any email messages, and for your interactions with other members. Each Member is permitted to have only one Member account, and any duplicate accounts controlled by the same person are subject to immediate deletion.
Term
This Agreement shall remain in full force and effect while you use the Website and/or are a Member. You may terminate your membership at any time, for any reason, by clicking the "Delete My Account" link on the "my basic account info" page. 1iota Productions LLC may terminate your membership for any reason, effective upon sending notice to you at the e-mail address you provide in your Membership application or such other email address as you may subsequently provide to 1iota. Even after your membership is terminated, this Agreement will remain in full force and effect.
Non Commercial Use by Members
The Website is for the personal use of Members only and may not be used in connection with any commercial endeavors except those that are specifically endorsed or approved by the management of 1iota Productions LLC by executing the 1iota Platform Agreement. Illegal and/or unauthorized use of the Website, including collecting usernames and/or email addresses of Members by electronic or other means for the purpose of sending unsolicited email or unauthorized framing of or linking to the Website is prohibited and will be investigated. Commercial advertisements, affiliate links, and other forms of solicitation may be removed from member profiles without notice and may result in termination of membership privileges. Appropriate legal action will be taken by 1iota Productions LLC for any illegal or unauthorized use of the Website.
Proprietary Rights in Content on 1iota Productions LLC
1iota Productions LLC owns and retains all proprietary rights in the Website. The Website contains copyrighted material, trademarks, and other proprietary information of 1iota Productions LLC and its licensors. Except for that information which is in the public domain or for which you have been given written permission, you may not copy, modify, publish, transmit, distribute, perform, display, or sell any such proprietary information.
Content Posted on the Site
a. You understand and agree that 1iota Productions LLC may review and delete any content, messages, photos or profiles (collectively, "Content") that in the sole judgment of 1iota Productions LLC violate this Agreement or which may be offensive, illegal or violate the rights, harm, or threaten the safety of any Member. b. You are solely responsible for the Content that you publish or display (hereinafter, "post") on the Website or any material or information that you transmit to other Members. c. By posting Content on any public area of 1iota.com, you automatically grant as well as represent and warrant that you have the right to grant to 1iota Productions LLC, an irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, fully paid, worldwide license to use, copy, perform, display, and distribute such information and content to 1iota Productions LLC and that 1iota Productions LLC has the right to prepare derivative works of, or incorporate into other works, such information and content, and to grant and authorize sublicenses of the foregoing. d. The following is a partial list of the kind of Content that is illegal or prohibited on the Website. 1iota Productions LLC reserves the right to investigate and take appropriate legal action in its sole discretion against anyone who violates this provision, including without limitation, removing the offending communication from the Website and terminating the membership of such violators. Prohibited Content includes Content that: i. is patently offensive and promotes racism, bigotry, hatred or physical harm of any kind against any group or individual; ii. harasses or advocates harassment of another person; iii. involves the transmission of "junk mail", "chain letters," or unsolicited mass mailing or "spamming"; iv. promotes information that you know is false or misleading or promotes illegal activities or conduct that is abusive, threatening, obscene, defamatory or libelous; v. promotes an illegal or unauthorized copy of another person"s copyrighted work, such as providing pirated computer programs or links to them, providing information to circumvent manufacture-installed copy-protect devices, or providing pirated music or links to pirated music files; vi. contains restricted or password only access pages or hidden pages or images (those not linked to or from another accessible page); vii. provides material that exploits people under the age of 18 in a sexual or violent manner, or solicits personal information from anyone under 18; viii. provides instructional information about illegal activities such as making or buying illegal weapons, violating someone"s privacy, or providing or creating computer viruses; ix. solicits passwords or personal identifying information for commercial or unlawful purposes from other users; or x. involves commercial activities and/or sales without our prior written consent such as contests, sweepstakes, barter, advertising, or pyramid schemes. e. You must use the Website in a manner consistent with any and all applicable laws and regulations f. You may not engage in advertising to, or solicitation of, any Member to buy or sell any products or services through the Website. You may not transmit any chain letters or junk email to other Members. Although 1iota Productions LLC cannot monitor the conduct of its Members off the Website, it is also a violation of these rules to use any information obtained from the Website in order to harass, abuse, or harm another person, or in order to contact, advertise to, solicit, or sell to any Member without their prior explicit consent. In order to protect our Members from such advertising or solicitation, 1iota Productions LLC reserves the right to restrict the number of emails which a Member may send to other Members in any 24-hour period to a number which 1iota Productions LLC deems appropriate in its sole discretion. g. You may not attempt to impersonate another user or person who is not a member of 1iota.com.
Copyright Policy
You may not post, distribute, or reproduce in any way any copyrighted material, trademarks, or other proprietary information without obtaining the prior written consent of the owner of such proprietary rights. It is the policy of 1iota Productions LLC to terminate membership privileges of any member who repeatedly infringes copyright upon prompt notification to 1iota Productions LLC by the copyright owner or the copyright owner"s legal agent. Without limiting the foregoing, if you believe that your work has been copied and posted on the Website in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide 1iota Productions with the following information: an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest; a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed; a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the Website; your address, telephone number, and email address; a written statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner"s behalf.
Member Disputes
You are solely responsible for your interactions with other 1iota.com Members. 1iota Productions LLC. reserves the right, but has no obligation, to monitor disputes between you and other Members.
Privacy
Use of the Website is also governed by our Privacy Policy, which is incorporated here by this reference.
Disability Access
1iota Productions LLC only provides ticketing and in some cases event logistical support and relies on the event organizers and venue operators to provide reasonable disability access at the event itself. 1iota Productions LLC will use reasonable efforts to facilitate disability access at the event and will make reasonable modifications to its policies, practices and procedures and provide auxiliary aids and services for 1iota members with disabilities requiring such accommodations. For additional information please see our Accessibility Policy which is incorporated here by this reference.
Disclaimers
1iota Productions LLC is not responsible for any incorrect or inaccurate Content posted on the Website, whether caused by users of the Website, Members or by any of the equipment or programming associated with or utilized in the Website. 1iota Productions LLC is not responsible for the conduct, whether online or offline, of any user of the Website or Member of the Website. 1iota Productions LLC assumes no responsibility for any error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, communications line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, or alteration of, any user or Member communication. 1iota Productions LLC is not responsible for any problems or technical malfunction of any telephone network or lines, computer online systems, servers or providers, computer equipment, software, failure of any email or players due to technical problems or traffic congestion on the Internet or at any Website or combination thereof, including any injury or damage to users and/or Members or to any person"s computer related to or resulting from participation or downloading materials in connection with the Website. Under no circumstances shall 1iota Productions LLC be responsible for any loss or damage, including personal injury or death, resulting from use of the Website or from any Content posted on the Website or transmitted to Members, or any interactions between users of the Website, whether online or offline. The Website are provided "AS-IS" and 1iota Productions LLC expressly disclaims any warranty of fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement. 1iota Productions LLC cannot guarantee and does not promise any specific results from use of the Website.
Limitation on Liability
IN NO EVENT SHALL 1iota Productions LLC BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOST PROFIT DAMAGES ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF THE WEB SITE, EVEN IF 1iota Productions LLC HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED HEREIN, 1iota Productions LLC LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY CAUSE WHATSOEVER AND REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF THE ACTION, WILL AT ALL TIMES BE LIMITED TO AMOUNT PAID, IF ANY, BY YOU TO 1iota Productions LLC FOR THE SERVICE DURING THE TERM OF MEMBERSHIP.
U.S. Export Controls
Software from this Website (the .Software.) is further subject to United States export controls. No Software may be downloaded from the Website or otherwise exported or re-exported (i) into (or to a national or resident of) Cuba, Iraq, Libya, North Korea, Iran, Syria, or any other Country to which the U.S. has embargoed goods; or (ii) to anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department"s list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S. Commerce Department"s Table of Deny Orders. By downloading or using the Software, you represent and warrant that you are not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any such country or on any such list.
Disputes
If there is any dispute about or involving the Website, by using the Website, you agree that any dispute shall be governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to conflict of law provisions and you agree to exclusive personal jurisdiction by and venue in the state and federal courts of the State of California, City of Los Angeles.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold 1iota Productions LLC, its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, and other partners and employees, harmless from any loss, liability, claim, or demand, including reasonable attorney"s fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of your use of the Website in violation of this Agreement and/or arising from a breach of this Agreement and/or any breach of your representations and warranties set forth above.
Other
This Agreement is accepted upon your use of the Website and is further affirmed by you becoming a Member of the Website. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and 1iota Productions LLC regarding the use of the Website. The failure of 1iota Productions LLC to exercise or enforce any right or provision of this Agreement shall not operate as a waiver of such right or provision. The section titles in this Agreement are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect. In the event any part of this Agreement shall be deemed to be void or of no force and effect, the remaining portions of the Agreement shall be severed and shall remain effective.
Last Updated: 4/8/2019
No
Yes