https://www.evanovich.com/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Updated: May 22, 2018
Privacy Policy
Janet Evanovich, Evanovich, Inc., and its affiliate, Gus Group, and their products and services (collectively referred to herein as “we”, “us” and “our”) take the protection of your personal information very seriously. The following privacy policy provides information about the personal information that is collected, how it is processed and used, and your rights.
Scope
Our Privacy Policy is applicable to all The Services.  These include evanovich.com (desktop and mobile), Janet Evanovich app, official Janet Evanovich social media accounts, email from Janet Evanovich, and Janet Evanovich chat apps (referred to herein as “The Services”) regardless of the manner in which they are accessed or used including through mobile devices.
This privacy policy maybe amended at any time and posted on Evanovich.com web site with effective date noted on it. You are encouraged to periodically review the privacy policy. Continued use of The Services will constitutes acceptance of the amended privacy policy.
The Services include links to third-parties such as social media channels and retailers.  Any mention of or links to third-party companies does not constitute support, approval, or endorsement of their products or services.  They have their own privacy policies and terms and conditions of use.  It is your responsibility to read their policies and terms to decide whether to agree to them.
Your Personal Data Rights
You have the right to know what personal information we maintain about you
If your personal information is incorrect or incomplete, you have the right to ask us to update it
You have the right to object to our processing of your personal information
You can also ask us to delete or restrict how we use your personal information, but this right is determined by applicable law and may impact your access to some of The Services. You may ask us to delete your Personal Information from our databases by contacting privacy@evanovich.com. If you delete your Personal Information from these databases, you may be unable to further benefit from use of certain portions of The Services.
You can remove data held by third-parties by reaching out to them in the links below under “Ways to Manage Your Data”.
Even after deleting your information from our Services databases, if you do not turn off your cookies and your third-party permissions, your information could be collected again by us, if you use any of The Services and ads, not specifically targeted to you, may be served.
Personal Information Gathered
Any personal information collected is done so to provide you with the best experience when using The Services. There are two types of data gathered, those the you directly share and those that are gathered automatically.
Personal information you voluntarily share directly with usboth online and offline include items such as: forms you fill-out, emails you send to us, mail sent to our postal address, messages/comments sent or made via social media/SMS (texting)/social messaging services/chat apps, telephone, and/or mobile push notification replies.  Information obtained may include:
Name
Email address
Postal address
Telephone number
Social media account ID
When information is requested of you, you have the option to decline. By declining you, you may not be able to use the features offered in The Services.
If you choose to share information with other people on The Services (such as a public post, forum, etc.), you are doing so willingly and we cannot be held responsible for what they do with your information.
If you send postal mail, email, or make a comment in any of The Services you are agreeing to receiving a written reply and shall not be considered a spam response.
Personal information gathered automatically online includes: information from third-parties that gather information and retain records of information and use. Third-parties have privacy policies that allow you to control the data shared. In addition, mobile devices provide you the ability to control or disable location services for any application on your device via the device settings menu.
Personal information collected automatically via third-parties when you interact with The Services include:
Information such as device ID or unique identifier, device type, advertising ID, and unique device token
Computer and connection information such as statistics on page views; length of visit; referral URL; ad data/statistics such as click-thru rates, engagement, viewing time; IP address; conversion data; browsing history; and chat/messaging interactions
Location information derived from IP address or information such as city, postal code, or country
App usage information
This information is collected via cookies or similar technologies:
Cookies, unique identifiers, web beacons, and other such similar technologies (herein referred to as Cookies) are used to gather information from all devices (computers, tablets, mobile phones, etc.) regarding pages you view, links you click on, and other actions you take when you use The Services. Cookies are instrumental for The Services in:
Helping to keep them safe and secure
Tailoring and/or targeting ads and posts based on demographics, interest, and/or behavior
Limiting the number of ads or pop-ups served
Ensuring proper performance of The Services including identifying issues with broken links, pages non-functioning, etc.
Improving the performance and features
Operating chat/messaging platforms
Identifying fraudulent or malicious activity
Measuring performance of advertising and remarketing
Garnering a better understanding of the interested audience
The Services are not intended for children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information via our website, applications, services, or tools from users in this age group. If you under the age of 13, you must obtain consent from your legal guardian.
Should you share information about someone else on any of The Services, you must obtain that person’s consent and inform them of this Privacy Policy.
How Personal Information is Used
Personal information is used by us to provide and improve The Services with things such as to personalized marketing and advertising activities; execute your requests; contact/reply to you; provide customer service; and comply with governing laws or law enforcement authorities conducting an investigation. It is also used to investigate, detect, prevent, mitigate, and investigate fraud and security breaches as well as to prevent malicious software attacks, illegal or prohibited activities and to enforce our Terms & Conditions of Use.
Other Ways Used:
Measure the performance of our email campaigns by analyzing open rates, click-thru rates, etc. Data is gathered/reported by MailChimp.
Measure activity and improve performance of our website, identify usage trends, tailor the Site’s experience and content based on your past activities on the Site, backing up of site, and gauge customer satisfaction and provide customer service (including troubleshooting in connection with customer issues). Data gathered/reported by Google Analytics and WordPress.
Measure activity and improve performance of app. Data gathered by Appypie.com
Measure activity and improve performance of advertising and marketing efforts via social media platforms such as Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, Pinterest, etc. (herein referred to as “Social Media Channels”) and Google Adwords. Data gathered/reported by the respective companies.
Measure and improve performance of chats via Social Media Channels and third-party apps such as ManyChat, FB Messenger, and other such communication technologies
Authenticate your email address for receiving information. Service provider is MailChimp.
Deliver targeted advertising and marketing services, promotional offers, etc. via Social Media Channels, email marketing, apps, and chat. Nothing you mention in email, postal mail, voice mail, or phone is used to target ads.
Remarketing using social media custom audience features such as those offered in Social Media Channels and Google Adwords
Contact you via methods in which you have provided information such as email, postal mail, phone number, messaging services via social media platforms and apps to address questions/concerns, provide product information/signing information, participate in polls, surveys, sweepstakes and instant win promotion, inform you of publisher activities/information, process rewards and prizes, as well as to inform you of policy matters
Reasons Your Information May Be Shared
We share your personal data only with your consent or when required by law or to respond to a legal inquiry/process, or as necessary to for security purposes to prevent/stop a malicious attack on computer systems/networks. In the event of a merger or sale of assets, we may disclose your personal data.
Other reasons include:
Sharing with business partners, suppliers, or sub-contractors to maintain and optimize The Services
Links to third-party websites/apps (once you visit their site/app your data is governed by their privacy policies) to optimize user experience.
Data Storage
All data with the exception of postal mailing addresses are maintained by third-parties noted above under “How personal information is used.”  Postal mailing addresses are stored by Us on a secure server in the United States.
Ways to Manage Your Personal Information
You have the right to access, correct, request deletion, or request restriction for usage of your personal information as required by law. Data is stored by third-party providers with the exception of postal mailing address which are stored by us.
The Services uses social media plug-ins or other technologies in which by clicking on these links you are voluntarily creating a connection with that social media site. Once click through to their site, you are bound by their privacy policy and terms and conditions of use which may differ from this one.
Each third-party that we us such as Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, Pinterest, YouTube, MailChimp, Google Analytics, and more have their own privacy policies that allow you to control your information.  Should you click through to a third-party, your data is governed by their privacy policies and terms and conditions of use. It is important that you read their privacy policies and terms and conditions of use.
Below are third-parties that The Services utilize:
Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies, text files stored on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use evanovich.com web site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators, targeted/retargeting advertising, and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage to the website operator. Your IP address, which has been transmitted by Google Analytics, will not be associated with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. However, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use all functions of The Services. Furthermore, you can prohibit Google from collecting and analyzing the cookie generated data about your use of the website (including your IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plugin available here http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.
If you visit our Site using a mobile device (e.g. a smartphone or tablet), you can refuse the future use of Google Analytics. By refusing, a cookie will be placed in your browser, which signals to us that we should prevent Google Analytics from using your device. Please keep in mind that you will have to repeat the refusal process if you remove the cookies from your browser.
Detailed information on Google Analytics and data privacy can be found at http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en or http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/.
Facebook Conversion Tracking Pixel
With your permission, our Site utilizes the Conversion Tracking Pixel service of Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave., Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA (“Facebook”). This tool allows us to follow the actions of users after they are redirected to a provider’s website by clicking on a Facebook advertisement and to serve targeted advertisements. We are thus able to record the efficacy of Facebook advertisements for statistical and market research purposes. The collected data remain anonymous. This means that we cannot see the personal data of any individual user. However, the collected data are saved and processed by Facebook. We are informing you on this matter according to our information at this time. Facebook is able to connect the data with your Facebook account and use the data for their own advertising purposes, in accordance with Facebook’s Data Use Policy found under: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/. Facebook Conversion Tracking also allows Facebook and its partners to show you advertisements on and outside Facebook. In addition, a cookie will be saved onto your computer for these purposes.
Only users over 13 years of age may give their permission. If you are younger than this age, you must obtain consent from your legal guardian.
Please click here if you would like to revoke your permission:
https://www.facebook.com/ads/website_custom_audiences/.
MailChimp Email Marketing
Email information is stored on contracted email provider of MailChimp. If at any point after signing up to receive email communications you decide that you no longer wish to receive communications, you can unsubscribe via the link at the bottom of the email.
In addition, for email you may also be able to refuse image web beacons by turning off HTML images or select to received text only emails via the email software that you use.
Postal Mailing List
If you choose to be removed from the postal mailing list, you can reach out to us via privacy@evanovich.com
Miscellaneous
You can also clear your browsing history and cookies on your internet browser (i.e., Google Chrome, Apple Safari, Microsoft Windows Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, etc.).
Remarketing
We use remarketing tracking cookies and conversion pixels from third-parties such as Google, Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, and Pinterest to advertise and present special offers and news to you via social networks. This means you may see an ad for one of our products or services as a result of visiting The Services. In addition, we may use custom audiences based on emails of subscribers and customers. This allows us to advertise our products and present special offers for our products via Facebook.  However, your personally identifiable information is not used by any remarketing service other than to present you with our advertisements and special offer.
Twitter: Opt-out of Twitter remarketing here.
Facebook: Opt-out of Facebook remarketing here.
Pinterest: Opt-out of Pinterest remarketing here.
Google: Opt-out of Google remarketing here.
Data Storage
We take all steps to reasonably necessary to protect that your data is stored securely.
Data Transmission
Any transmission of information via the internet including email is never completely secure. We make every effort to protect your information however we are not able to guarantee or warrant the security of your data.  Transmission of data is at your own risk.
Data Retention
Email addresses and data maintained through Google Analytics are maintained indefinitely.
Contact
We will respond to any inquiries within 30 days.
Evanovich, Inc.
PO Box 2829
Naples, FL  34106
privacy@evanovich.com
Terms & Conditions of Use
These are the Terms & Conditions for the use of products and services owned by Evanovich, Inc., and its affiliate, Gus Group, (herein referred to as “we”, “us” and “our”). By visiting, using, and/or submitting information on Evanovich.com or the Janet Evanovich app you are agreeing to be bound by these Terms & Conditions of use and Privacy Policy. Should you not agree to be bound by these, you should leave the site or app immediately.
TheseTerms & Conditions of Use maybe amended at any time and posted on Evanovich.com web site with effective date noted on it. You are encouraged to periodically review the T&C of use.
Licenses/Restrictions
Evanovich.com and the Janet Evanovich app are intended for personal, non-commercial use. Users are granted a nonexclusive and limited as well as revocable right to hyperlink to Evanovich.com website. In doing so, you agree to not portray us and/or their respective products or services in a derogatory, offensive, misleading, or false manner.
In addition, you agree to:
Not use any data miners, bots, crawlers, scrapers or other such technologies to access or copy any part of the Evanovich site or Janet Evanovich app
Not to do anything that hinders the workings of the Evanovich.com website or Janet Evanovich app or blocks, or restricts access to any part of the site or app
Not to use any of our service marks, logos or content in meta tags
Not to reproduce or modify the Evanovich.com site, Janet Evanovich app or their content
You will not place any spyware, malware, virus, worm, Easter egg, Trojan Horse, or other similar computer code, file, or program on Evanovich.com or Janet Evanovich app
Not transmit or post any threatening, obscene, deceptive, fraudulent, tortious, inflammatory, defamatory, pornographic, profane, or other that would constitute a criminal offense, violate a law, or give rise to civil liability
Not harass, abuse, threaten, stalk, or violate the legal rights of others
Not collect or harvest personally identifiable information regarding other users of Evanovich.com or Janet Evanovich app nor will you impersonate or falsely represent your affiliation with another person or entity
Not use Evanovich.com or Janet Evanovich app for any unlawful or fraudulent purposes
Not post any unsolicited or unauthorized promotional messages or materials, advertising, “chain letters,” “spam,” “pyramid scheme,” or any form of solicitation
Not use any tool or device to index, “scrape,” “data mine,” or in any way reproduce, mirror, alter, or circumvent the structure or presentation of Evanovich.com or Janet Evanovich app
Proprietary Rights
The Evanovich.com website and Evanovich app each contain content that is protected by copyrights. You may not modify, augment, remove, copy, publish, post, transmit, distribute, or sell any of the content or creative works.
Feedback/Suggestions
Should you choose to provide us suggestions, modifications, or improvements, you are granting us unrestricted, non-exclusive, irrevocable, perpetual, royalty-free, fully-paid right to use the information you shared in any manner and for any purpose. Any information that you share may be publicly accessible.
Privacy Policy
Data collection and use of personal information is governed by our Privacy Policy which constitutes part of the Terms and Conditions of Use.
Minors
Evanovich.com and Janet Evanovich app are not intended for children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information via our website, applications, services, or tools from users in this age group. If you are younger than this age, you must obtain consent from your legal guardian.
Communication
If you send postal mail, email, or make a comment on our products or services you are agreeing to receiving a written reply and shall not be considered a spam response.
Disclaimers and Limited Liability
We and our affiliates, subsidiaries, officers, directors, agents, and employees are not responsible for nor makes any warranties, express or implied, as to the content provided on Evanovich.com or the Janet Evanovich app.
Any mention of or links to third-party companies does not constitute support, approval, or endorsement of their products or services.  They have their own privacy policies and terms and conditions of use. It is your responsibility to read their policies and terms to decide whether to agree to them.
We cannot be held responsible for any technical malfunctions including that of telephone or cable lines or networks, computer equipment, computer software, servers/providers, or third-party websites or apps.  In addition, we will not be held responsible or liable for any damage or loss, including personal injury or death, resulting from use of our products and/or services.
We make every reasonable effort to provide accurate, up-to-date information. We do not assume liability or responsibility for any errors or omission.
We use reasonable efforts in collecting, preparing and providing quality information and material however we do not warrant or guarantee the accuracy, completeness, adequacy, or currency of the information contained in or linked to within Evanovich.com or Janet Evanovich app.
Complaint
Should you have a complaint regarding Evanovich.com, our Janet Evanovich app, or our Terms and Conditions of use, please contact via postal mail or email as outlined below.  Note that transmission of information via mail may not be secure therefore it is recommended that you do not send sensitive information via email.
Evanovich, Inc.
PO Box 2829
Naples, FL  34106
privacy@evanovich.com
In addition to the above, California residents may reach the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs by mail at 1625 North Market Blvd., Sacramento, CA 95834, or by telephone at (916) 445–1254 or (800) 952–5210.
Release
Should you have a dispute with us or third-parties, you release Evanovich, Inc., Gus Group and their respective officers, directors, agents, and employees from any and all claims of every nature known and unknown.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold us and our respective officers, directors, agents, suppliers, and employees harmless from any claim including attorney fees arising out of use of Evanovich.com and/or Janet Evanovich app.
Force Majeure
Evanovich, Inc., Gus Group and their respective officers, directors, agents, suppliers, and employees shall not be held liable for damages or failure in performance that are beyond control, including without limitation, acts of nature, explosions, power surges, acts of God, war, revolution, civil unrest, acts of military authorities or public enemies, labor unrest (strikes, slowdowns, picketing or boycotts, fuel or energy shortages, etc.).
Jurisdiction
These terms and conditions of use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of Florida, U.S.A.
See Privacy Policy
Archive by Month Archive by Month
Select Month
December 2020
November 2020
October 2020
September 2020
August 2020
July 2020
June 2020
May 2020
April 2020
March 2020
February 2020
January 2020
December 2019
November 2019
October 2019
September 2019
August 2019
July 2019
June 2019
May 2019
April 2019
March 2019
February 2019
January 2019
December 2018
November 2018
October 2018
September 2018
August 2018
July 2018
June 2018
SocialsFacebook
Twitter
Instagram
Search for:
We use cookies to offer you a better browsing experience, analyze site traffic, personalize content, and serve targeted advertisements. Read about how we use cookies and how you can control them by clicking "Privacy Preferences". If you continue to use this site, you consent to our use of cookies.
Privacy Preferences
I Agree