http://www.netpoets.com/misc/privacy.htm
Visitor Login
Send some poetry to a friend - the love thought that counts!
Poems for the People   -  Poems by the People
www.netpoets.com
Love Poems
Sad Poems
Friendship Poems
Poems on Life
Poetry Buffet
Poems
Poets
How To
News
Search
Submit
Famous Poems
Poetry Greeting Cards
About Your Privacy
We believe Passions in Poetry is one of the most interactive
web sites on the Internet. Poetry, after all, should not be a passive art form. It should come alive for you, and provoke - or even demand - a response.
At the same time, however, we are very much aware of the privacy issues that concern many people on the Internet. There are studies indicating that the longer a person is on the Internet, and the more they learn about its infrastructure, the more likely they are to trust in its security. That shouldn't be too surprising. It's just another way of saying what we all already know: Trust must be earned.
Your privacy is important to us. We know that your email address is a private thing, and when you use it on our web site we realize you are entrusting us with a private thing. We want you to know we will never violate that trust. Your email address, and those of your friends should you choose to send them poems, will never be used to send you advertising. We will never - and I mean never - give or sell your address to anyone else. We want to earn your trust.
Poetry is about communication. So, too, is email. Our goal is to make Passions in Poetry as interactive as possible, to build a community of people that write and love poetry as we do. The only way we can reach that goal is with your support. And, of course, with your trust.
More Details about Your Email Address
Submitting a Poem When you submit a poem to Passions in
Poetry, we ask for your email address. Each poet, however, is given the
opportunity to "hide" the address if they desire (though we encourage them to
participate in email discussions with their fans). At no time will their address be given
out if they don't wish it.
Voting for a Poem When you vote for a poem you admire (and we hope
you're doing it regularly), we again ask for your email address. This is simply to help
insure each author gets a fair one-vote-per-day from each visitor. Your address does go
into our off-line (inaccessible) database and is stored for future reference. But - once
again - it will never be given out to any other parties.
Private Email If you send Private email to a poet, obviously your
address will go to them as well (so they can answer you, of course). Obviously, we have no
control over the poets, but we would be very surprised to discover any of them would ever
violate your trust. If you have a complaint about a poet, please let us know. Of course,
if you send Private email to our web site (and please do so!), we will also receive your
email address. We read and answer every letter we get, and both your letter and email
address is stored in our database for future reference. But (need we say it?), neither
your letter nor your email address will ever be given out to any other parties.
Sending a Poem to a Friend When you send a favorite poem and note to a
friend, we ask for both your email address and your friend's. Obviously, we need the
latter so we can send them the poem. We ask for your address only so we can include it
with the poem and your friend can easily respond. Neither of the addresses, not yours nor
your friends, is ever stored on our system. Not only will those addresses never be given
to any other party, but we don't even save them beyond the few seconds it takes to send
the poem.
Sending a Greeting Card The same rules that apply to sending a poem
also apply to the Greeting Cards - with one exception. We don't store the email addresses
for the poems, but those addresses will be stored with your Greeting Card for the life of
the Card (usually about 14 days). There are, however, absolutely no links to the Cards on
the site, so you and the recipient are the only ones who can easily find them.
Our Newsletters and Notifications When you subscribe to a newsletter
or ask to be notified when the web site is updated, your email address is stored in our
off-line database with the same safeguards employed throughout our system. We will never,
at any time, sell or otherwise make available our list of subscribers to any other party.
From time to time, Passions in Poetry will work with various third party
companies in an attempt to bring you valid and useful advertising information. Without the
support of our sponsors - and your support by visiting them - Passions probably could not
exist and certainly couldn't extend its reach to so many people. However, in spite of our
dependence on sponsorship, we absolutely refuse to work with any company that doesn't
publicly post their policies on protecting your privacy.
Here is a list of our
advertising networks, with links to their respective privacy pages:
Tribal Fusion http://www.tribalfusion.com/tfcompany/privacy_policy
Google http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Casale http://www.casalemedia.com/privacy.html
ValueClick http://www.valueclickmedia.com/member_privacy.shtml
"We have contracted with ValueClick to monitor certain pages of our website for the purpose of reporting website traffic, statistics, advertisement 'click-throughs', and/or other activities on our website. Where authorized by us, ValueClick may use cookies, web beacons, and/or other monitoring technologies to compile anonymous statistics about our website visitors. No personally identifiable information is collected by or transferred to any party other than the Advertiser. For more information about how the information is collected and used by ValueClick, please see ValueClick's privacy policy at http://www.valueclickmedia.com/member_privacy.shtml.
pipHome | Top | All Poems
| About
| FAQ | Your Privacy | Email Us
All poetry is copyright by the individual authors.
All other material on this web site, unless otherwise noted, is
Copyright 1998- 2017 by Ron Carnell and Passions in Poetry.