http://www.internet-radio.org.uk/terms/enduser/
Toggle navigation
InternetRadio
Listen
70s
80s
Ambient
Blues
Chillout
Classical
Country
Dance
Drum and bass
Easy listening
Heavy metal
Hip hop
Jazz
Meditation
Metal
Oldies
Psytrance
Reggae
Rock
More Genres
Broadcast
Start your own station
Prices
Guides
FAQs
Control Panel Login
Discuss
Forum Home
Contact Us
Support
FAQs
Guides
Pre Sales Questions
Volunteering
Shows
Music
Chat
News
Feedback
Search
End User Terms of Service
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SITE
Terms of website use
These terms of use (together with the documents referred to in it) tell you the terms of use on which you may make use of our website www.internet-radio.com (our site), whether as a guest or a registered user. Use of our site includes accessing the links to the radio stations listed on our site, as well as browsing our site.
Please read these terms of use carefully before you start to use our site, as these will apply to your use of our site. We recommend that you print a copy of this for future reference.
By using our site, you confirm that you accept these terms of use and that you agree to comply with them.
If you do not agree to these terms of use, you must not use our site.
Our site lists (and in some case, hosts and streams) audio content provided by online radio stations. We have no editorial control over, and are not responsible for, the audio content available to stream on our site.
Other applicable terms
Our Privacy Policy also applies to your use of ours site. Our Privacy Policy sets out the terms on which we process any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us. By using our site, you consent to such processing and you warrant that all data provided by you is accurate.
Information about us
www.internet-radio.com is a site operated by Internet Radio Ltd. We are a limited company registered under company number 11756412 in England and Wales.
Changes to these terms
We may revise these terms of use at any time by amending this page.
Please check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we made, as they are binding on you.
Changes to our site
We may update our site from time to time, and may change the content at any time. However, please note that any of the content on our site may be out of date at any given time, and we are under no obligation to update it.
We do not guarantee that our site, or any content on it, will be free from errors or omissions.
Accessing our site
Our site is made available free of charge.
We do not guarantee that our site, or any content on it, will always be available or be uninterrupted. Access to our site is permitted on a temporary basis. We may suspend, withdraw, discontinue or change all or any part of our site without notice. We will not be liable to you if for any reason our site is unavailable at any time or for any period.
You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to our site.
You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access our site through your internet connection are aware of these terms of use and other applicable terms and conditions, and that they comply with them.
We may limit the availability of our site or any service or product described on our site to any person or geographic area at any time.
Your account and password
If you choose, or you are provided with, a user identification code, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential. You must not disclose it to any third party.
We have the right to disable any user identification code or password, whether chosen by you or allocated by us, at any time, if in our reasonable opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these terms of use.
If you know or suspect that anyone other than you knows your user identification code or password, you must promptly notify us at passwords@internet-radio.com.
Intellectual property rights
We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in our site. We do not own the intellectual property rights in the audio content made available for streaming on the site. Rights in the streaming audio are owned by the station providers or their licensors.
Rights in our website and in the streaming audio content are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved.
You may stream the audio content in any radio station solely by means of the audio player embedded in the site or any third party media player facilitated by the site.
You must not use any part of the content on our site for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from us or the radio station provider.
If you print off, copy or download any part of our site in breach of these terms of use, your right to use our site will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made.
No reliance on information
The content on our site is provided for general information only. It is not intended to amount to advice on which you should rely. You must obtain professional or specialist advice before taking, or refraining from, any action on the basis of the content on our site.
Although we make reasonable efforts to update the information on our site, we make no representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, that the content on our site is accurate, complete or up-to-date.
Limitation of our liability
Nothing in these terms of use excludes or limits our liability for death or personal injury arising from our negligence, or our fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, or any other liability that cannot be excluded or limited by English law.
To the extent permitted by law, we exclude all conditions, warranties, representations or other terms which may apply to our site or any content on it, whether express or implied.
We will not be liable to any user for any loss or damage, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, even if foreseeable, arising under or in connection with:
use of, or inability to use, our site; or
use of or reliance on any content displayed on our site.
Please note that we only provide our site for domestic and private use. You agree not to use our site for any commercial or business purposes, and we have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or loss of business opportunity.
We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a virus, distributed denial-of-service attack, or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of our site or to your downloading of any content on it, or on any website linked to it.
Because we do not produce it or have editorial control lover it, we assume no responsibility for the content of any audio stream listed or provided on our site. The availability of any radio station (or link to any radio station) should not be interpreted as endorsement by us of that radio station. We will not be liable for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.
Uploading content to our site
Whenever you make use of a feature that allows you to upload content to our site (for example, our users’ forum), or to make contact with other users of our site, you must comply with the content standards set out in our Acceptable Use Policy.
You warrant that any such contribution does comply with those standards, and you will be liable to us and indemnify us for any breach of that warranty. This means you will be responsible for any loss or damage we suffer as a result of your breach of warranty.
Any content you upload to our site will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. You retain all of your ownership rights in your content, but you are required to grant us and other users of our site a limited licence to use, store and copy that content and to distribute and make it available to third parties. The rights you license to us are described in the next paragraph (Rights you licence).
If legally required to do so, we also have the right to disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming that any content posted or uploaded by you to our site constitutes a violation of their intellectual property rights, or of their right to privacy.
We will not be responsible, or liable to any third party, for the content or accuracy of any content posted by you or any other user of our site.
We have the right to remove any posting you make on our site if, in our opinion, your post does not comply with the content standards set out in our Acceptable Use Policy.
The views expressed by other users on our site do not represent our views or values.
You are solely responsible for securing and backing up your content.
Viruses
We do not guarantee that our site will be secure or free from bugs or viruses.
You are responsible for configuring your information technology, computer programmes and platform in order to access our site. You should use your own virus protection software.
You must not misuse our site by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our site, the server on which our site is stored or any server, computer or database connected to our site. You must not attack our site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack. By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use our site will cease immediately.
Linking to our site
You may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it.
You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists.
You must not establish a link to our site in any website that is not owned by you.
Our site must not be framed on any other site.
We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.
The website in which you are linking must comply in all respects with the content standards set out in our Acceptable Use Policy.
If you wish to make any use of content on our site other than that set out above, please contact siteusage@internet-radio.com.
Third party links and resources in our site
Where our site contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only.
We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources.
Applicable law
These terms of use, their subject matter and their formation, are governed by English law. You and we both agree to that the courts of England and Wales will have non-exclusive jurisdiction. However, if you are a resident of Northern Ireland you may also bring proceedings in Northern Ireland, and if you are resident of Scotland, you may also bring proceedings in Scotland.
Trade marks
The “Internet Radio” logo is a trade marks of Internet Radio Ltd.
Contact us
To contact us, please email contact@internet-radio.com.
Thank you for visiting our site.