https://www.bigscreen.com/about/terms.php
Your Favorites
New Movies
Box Office
AA Noms/Winners
All Movies
Classics
Coming Soon
Search
Your Favorites
Nearby Theaters
By Region
Search
HomeAbout UsAd InfoComing SoonYour AccountFeedbackTheaters (The Marquee)Movie LinksNews and EventsMovies (Now Showing)Reader ReviewsVIP Service
Have an Account? E-Mail Address Passcode | Register Now
General Information
About UsHelp DocumentsWhat's NewRSS FeedsShow Your Support!Terms & ConditionsPrivacy Policy Business Information
IndexFact SheetTheatersAdvertisersRestaurantsHotels Contact Us
Contact Form
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Access by Residents of the United States of America
This site is intended for use by residents of the United States of America. By using this site, you affirm that you are a resident of the United States. We cannot be held responsible for any actions that violate these terms and conditions.
Offsite Access to Graphics
Due to concerns about the costs related to bandwidth consumption, please do not link to graphics on our site from other sites or attempt to download the images on the site. Many of the images are the property of various movie studios and agencies and theaters, and are presented here to publicize the movies and theaters whose information we feature. If you are looking for cool desktop wallpapers, AIM icons, or other promotional items related to a particular movie, please search for that movie and view the official web site which is linked in the sidebar.
Disclaimer
All information contained within The BigScreen Cinema Guide is believed to be accurate. However, errors do occur and the information presented here may not reflect reality, often due to circumstances beyond control. Please keep this in mind if you are planning a major road trip to see a movie. As with anything, verify your information if the accuracy of that information is extremely important. We cannot be held liable for errors or omissions on this site. Your continued use of this site affirms that you agree to these conditions.
The BigScreen Cinema Guide is not affiliated with any theater in particular, and therefore, the content of this site does not constitute an endorsement by, or a direct representation of, any of the theaters listed within these pages. We cannot answer questions pertaining to theater policy, patron complaints, or represent the theaters in any way. Such concerns should be presented to the management personnel at each theater.
Some of the content on this site has been contributed by our Readers, such as Reader Reviews of movies, theater comments, and Journal comments. These comments are submitted by the readers of The BigScreen Cinema Guide and represent their own personal opinions regarding the topic at hand, and do not represent the views of The BigScreen Cinema Guide, or any of its associated entities. Reader contributions are clearly marked so that you understand that what you are reading is the personal opinion of the author.
Contained on this site are images and logos belonging to various organizations, motion pictures studios, etc. Their inclusion here is for the benefit of the reader and for the benefit of the particular organization, but they are (in most cases) the copyrighted property of those organizations. Where possible, we have attempted to include the name of the property holder. However, their presence here does not imply any sanction or endorsement of The BigScreen Cinema Guide by those property holders. All of the text information is subject to error, therefore, if it is incorrect, we apologize.
Code of Conduct
We encourage our readers to maintain a level of decorum and maturity that befits the 13 and over age qualification required for creating an account here. That means that personal attacks, pointless rants, and other noise is not welcome here. Such posts will never be seen by the public, so you're wasting your time by posting them. Remember, your Mom and Grandma probably visit here, so if you are writing something that you wouldn't want them to see, don't submit it!
If you provide information or participate in any community-based or other features on this site, you agree that you will not:
upload, post, or transmit any information that violates or infringes the rights of others, violates any law, or encourages anyone to do the same
make any statements you know to be false, misleading, or inaccurate
threaten others
upload, post, or transmit any information that is protected by copyright, trademark, trade secret, or other proprietary right without the permission of the owner of that information
upload, post, or transmit any information that contains unsolicited advertisements or promotional materials, spam, phishing messages, or similar content
impersonate another person or entity, including (but not limited to) those related to this site, movie theaters, studios, or otherwise misrepresent yourself
interfere with or violate anyone's privacy
duplicate, transmit, or otherwise publish any content on this site without our written permission
use automated systems to submit information
Reader Submissions
If you submit any information on this site, such as (but not limited to) movie reviews, theater comments, Journal comments, etc. you are providing us with the non-exclusive and unlimited, non-revocable license to use, modify, redistribute, or otherwise use the information that you provide without any compensation or other reward.
Advertising Blockers Prohibited
We support this site through advertising and relationships with third-party service provides. In order to keep the site free of charge, we need to be able to do that effectively. Any blocking of that advertising is detrimental to this site (and others like it). By using this site, you agree that you will support this site by:
accepting (not blocking) the advertising that we display, or
becoming a VIP Member, which removes the advertising and provides additional features
Refusal or Discontinuance of Service
We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone for any reason. We also reserve the right to refuse or discontinue service to any reader for non-compliance with these Terms. This is our sandbox and we play by our rules. If you want to make the rules, build your own sandbox.
Linking to a Page on This Site
We encourage people to link to this site! If you would like to place a link to The BigScreen Cinema Guide on your web page, please check out our Help section for helpful linking options.
Changes to These Terms
We reserve the right to change these terms at any time and without notice.
Privacy Policy
Please read our Privacy Policy for more information about your information, what we collect, and what we do with it.
If You Do Not Agree to These Terms
By using this site, you agree to compy with all the terms and conditions. If you do not agree with any of these terms and conditions, you are welcome to use other sites. The Internet is a big place, and choices abound. If you feel like telling us why you cannot abide by these terms and conditions, please let us know why by using our Feedback Form!
Home - About Us - Ad Info - Feedback
News Headlines - Theaters - Movies - Reader Reviews - Movie Links
Your Account - VIP Service
The BigScreen Cinema Guide is a service of SVJ Designs LLC. All graphics, layout, and structure of this service (unless otherwise specified) are Copyright © 1995-2020, SVJ Designs. The BigScreen Cinema Guide is a trademark of SVJ Designs. All rights reserved.
'ACADEMY AWARDS®' and 'OSCAR®' are the registered trademarks and service marks of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.