http://www.rosemary-cosentino.com/privacy
Privacy – Rosemary-cosentino
Loading
Home
Advertise
Privacy
Contact Us
× Facebook Twitter Behance
×
Privacy
October 19, 2017
Privacy Policy for rosemary-cosentino
At http://rosemary-cosentino.com/ we consider the privacy of our visitors to be extremely important. This privacy policy document describes in detail the types of personal information is collected and recorded by http://rosemary-cosentino.com/ and how we use it.
Log Files
Like many other Web sites, http://rosemary-cosentino.com/ makes use of log files. These files merely logs visitors to the site – usually a standard procedure for hosting companies and a part of hosting services’s analytics. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. This information is used to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
Cookies and Web Beacons
http://rosemary-cosentino.com/ uses cookies to store information about visitors’ preferences, to record user-specific information on which pages the site visitor accesses or visits, and to personalize or customize our web page content based upon visitors’ browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.
Our Advertising Partners
Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include …….
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology in their respective advertisements and links that appear on http://rosemary-cosentino.com/ and which are sent directly to your browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons) may also be used by our site’s third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on the site.
http://rosemary-cosentino.com/ has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
Third Party Privacy Policies
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. http://rosemary-cosentino.com/’s privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers’ respective websites.
Children’s Information
We believe it is important to provide added protection for children online. We encourage parents and guardians to spend time online with their children to observe, participate in and/or monitor and guide their online activity. http://rosemary-cosentino.com/ does not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian believes that http://rosemary-cosentino.com/ has in its database the personally-identifiable information of a child under the age of 13, please contact us immediately (using the contact in the first paragraph) and we will use our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
About me
Richars Winters
Categories
Auto
Block Chain
Business
Career
Cryptography
currency exchange
digital asset
Ecoin
Education
Entertainment
Ethereum
Finance
Food
Games
General
Health
Home
Home Improvement
Real Estate
Shopping
skin
Social Media
Technology
Trading
Travel
Used car
Most Popular Posts
Dental care – for healthy lifestyle
September 2, 2020
To Know About Building Inspections in Sydney
July 2, 2019
A guide for beginners on forex trading
August 27, 2018
Bitcoin Remains Volatile Option for Investors
September 30, 2019
A Buyer’s Guide in Choosing Legit Online Supplier of High Quality Kratom
December 31, 2017
Stay Connected
Copyrights © 2017 all rights reserved by Rosemary-Cosentino