http://www.responsesource.com/privacy/
ResponseSource uses cookies to ensure we give you the best experience on this website. We'll assume you're happy with this if you continue to use this site.
folder icon
list icon
new list icon
new folder
Save to list notifaction icon
yes tick
yes tick
yes tick with circle
delete cross
delete cross
minus small - for download tool
delete cross
plus sign - small expander
search magnifying glass
icon for gettign to print page
icon for email addresses
icon for features timing
icon for features timing
LinkedIn icon
Facebook icon
youtube icon
twitter icon
google+ icon
external link icon fo profile pages
mail icon small
mail icon for contact listings
phone icon
phone icon for listings
twitter bird
save icon
export icon
delete icon
duplicate icon
move to a diff folder
mini search icon
rs circle logo
right arrow
Send journalist enquiry
Send press release
Free trial
You are using an outdated browser. Please upgrade your browser.
Privacy/Data Protection Policy
ResponseSource exists to support effective communications between PR professionals and journalists. As such we are fundamentally a business about people and that means we handle personal information.
Data protection is a high priority for us and always has been. The new data protection law known as the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) has been on our radar for some time and we have taken a lead in the industry by providing advice to the PR community about how it impacts them in the context of media relations.
We collect and process journalist and PR data for our legitimate interest in providing ResponseSource services which help journalists and PRs work with each other. These services serve the interests of both PR professionals, who wish to share information about the organisations they represent, and journalists who wish to keep informed on what is happening in the sectors they cover. This is known as media relations and is a well-established practice.
Click here for our full Data Protection Policy: Vuelio Privacy Policy
To find out what information we have about you or if you want any changes made please email accessrequest@responsesource.com.
Note: ResponseSource Ltd provides the following services: Media Contacts Database, Journalist Enquiry Service, Press Release Wire, Freelance Journalist Profiles, Media Bulletin, JournoRequests.com and Media Jobs. All mentions of “ResponseSource” or “Services” in our Data Protection Policy apply to these services.
Information ResponseSource may collect about you online
Information about the computer terminal you are on and about your use of our website including:
Your computer’s IP address
Your worldwide geographical location
Your internet browser details
The site which referred you to us
How long you stayed on our site
Which pages you viewed
Any other personal information that you choose to send to us via web forms