http://www.funnyville.com/privacy.html
Dumb Blonde Jokes
Funny Stuff
Insane Pictures
Pictures
Jokes
Sounds
Flash
Videos
Commercials
Funny Pictures
Commercials
Funny Jokes
Blonde Jokes
Yo Mama Jokes
Animal Jokes
Funny Sounds
Funny Flash
Fun Games
Blonde Jokes
Hilarious Videos
Free Horoscope
Funny stuff
Top Jokes 4U
Funny Jokes
Privacy Policy
At Funnyville.com your privacy is respected! We analyze our website logs to constantly improve the value of the materials available on our website. Our website logs are not personally identifiable, and we make no attempt to link them with the individuals that actually browse the site. Our "Jokes in your E-Mail" mailing list is sent out only to those who sign up for it and confirm their e-mail address. Furthermore, the mailing list is kept strictly private and will never be sold or given out to anyone.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
Disclaimer
The pictures, jokes, videos and flash clips on this website have been compiled together from sources all over the world. Some of the material may contain profanity, and other content that is offensive to some people. If you are easily offended, we advise that you should not browse our site. Use this website at your own risk.
If you see anything on this website for which you hold the copyright, please inform us immediately and we will either remove it or give you credit, whichever you choose.
Ugly People
Funny Clips
Quote Oasis
Funny Videos
Animal Pictures
Funny Pictures
COPYRIGHT (C) 2012 Funny Ville.com All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy. Disclaimer. Contact Us.