https://www.tarantino.info/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Who we are
The Quentin Tarantino Archives (or QTA) is an unofficial fan-website about the director Quentin Tarantino and his work. It is not affiliated with the director or any company. It is owned an operated by Sebastian Haselbeck as a personal hobby. Our website address is: https://www.tarantino.info.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Contact forms
If you use our contact form, the personal data you enter there will be transmitted through email services in unencrypted form an stored for the purpose of following up on this communication.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
We use Google analytics, read more about how that might affect you here.
Social Media Plugin “Shariff Wrapper”
On our website we offer you the possibility to use so called “Social Media Buttons”. To protect your data, we use a solution called “Shariff”. Hereby the share buttons are implemented as static images, which contain a link to the corresponding social network site. If you click on such a button, you will be redirected to the respective social network site in the same way, as normal links would do as well. Only in that moment of time the provider of the social network site will get information about you, for example your IP address. If you do not click on such a share button, no data will be transmitted. Information about the collection and usage of your date on the social network sites can be found in the corresponding terms of use of the respective provider. More information about the plugin and the Shariff solution can be found here: https://wordpress.org/plugins/shariff/
On our website we offer share buttons for the following services / companies: Facebook, GooglePlus, Twitter.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Your contact information
Email us at webmaster@tarantino.info
Additional information
How we protect your data
Our websites use https-encrypted SSL connections. Only one person has access to this website’s files and databases.
[ Soundtrack ]
All Soundtrack info
[ More articles ]
Tarantino announces two books for 2021
17 Nov, 2020
Sukiyaki Western Django extended cut arrives on BluRay
10 Jul, 2020
QT8 – The First Eight review
10 Jan, 2020
Once Upon a Time …in Hollywood BluRay retrospective
25 May, 2020
[ Popular stuff ]Recent CommentsPopular Posts
Frontpage news Awards pile up for Once Upon a Time in Hollywood on Oscar nomination announcement day
13 Jan, 2020
Deutsch Tarantino – The Bloody Genius BluRay Kritik
9 Jan, 2020
Articles QT8 – The First Eight review
10 Jan, 2020
Linda says:
Leo DiCaprio MUST win for best actor for Once Upon A...
Linda says:
If Mr.Tarantino doesn't win an statue for Once Upon A Time...
Tarantino - The Bloody Genius BluRay Kritik - The Quentin Tarantino Archives says:
[…] Die BluRay wurde uns freundlicherweise von Koch Films zur Verfügung...
[ Coming soon! ][ Cool stuff ]
[ Articles by keyword ]Berlin
BluRay
Brad Pitt
Cannes
Casting
Christoph Waltz
Commentary
Daniel Brühl
Death Proof
Deutsch
Django Unchained
DVD
Eli Roth
ennio morricone
Exclusive
Germany
Gossip
Grindhouse
Harvey Weinstein
Hell Ride
Inglorious Bastards
Inglourious Basterds
Interview
Jamie Foxx
kill bill
Larry Bishop
Lawrence Bender
news
Once Upon a Time in Hollywood
Oscars
Pictures
Poster
Premiere
Pulp Fiction
quentin tarantino
review
Robert Rodriguez
Rumors
Soundtrack
spaghetti western
Teaser
the hateful eight
Trailer
Video
Weinstein Company
[ Must haves ]