https://www.kravis.org/privacy/
Search
Calendar
All Performances & Events
Dreyfoos Hall
Persson Hall
Rinker Playhouse
Multi-Show Series
Kravis On Broadway Series
Regional Arts Classical Concert Series
Young Artists Classical Series
Adults At Leisure Series
PEAK
Family Fare
Lunch & Learn
Lectures
Film
African-American Film Festival
Mountainfilm
The Writers’ Academy
Meet the Writer – Women’s Book Series
Virtual Events
Visiting Presenters
Miami City Ballet
Box Office
Buy Tickets
Purchasing & Ordering Tickets
Unauthorized Ticket Distributors
Seating Charts
Subscriptions
Student & Educator Rush Tickets
Group Ticket Sales
Gift Certificates
Canceled Performances and Events 2020-2021 Season
Kravis Expansion
Giving & Support
Donate Now
Road To Reopening
Membership
Kravis Expansion
Professional Partnerships
Kravis Center Corporate Partners
Young Friends of the Kravis Center
Fundraising & Special Events
Kravis Center Evening
Palm Beach Wine Auction
Special Events
Sponsorship
Endowment & Planned Giving
Volunteer
Home
Education & Community
Kravis @ Home
Kravis Classroom Connection
Virtual Classes
For Educators
S*T*A*R Series
Kravis-On-The-Road
Professional Development
Community Education Programs
ArtSmart
Summer Programming
Student Arts Enrichment
Workshops and Master Classes
Student Critics
Visitor Info/COVID-19
COVID-19
Location
Parking and Valet
Accessibility
Dining
Gift Shop
Safety and Security
Local Accommodations
Facility & Rental
Theater Rentals
Technical Specifications
Cohen Pavilion Rentals
Catering
Skip to content
Search
Login
Email signup
Facebook
Instagram
YouTube
Twitter
At The Raymond F. Kravis Center for the Performing Arts, Inc., we respect your right to privacy and we understand that users of The Raymond F. Kravis Center for the Performing Arts, Inc. website need to be in control of their personal information. “Personal information” includes, but is not limited to, name, address, telephone number, e-mail address and credit card information. The Raymond F. Kravis Center for the Performing Arts, Inc. adopted this Privacy Policy to inform users of the www.kravis.org or www.kravis.com websites how the sites collect, store and use personal information submitted via the sites.
1.    Collection of Information
Anonymity.
You may purchase tickets and remain anonymous if you choose to pay by cash in person at our Box Office
General Information.
You may visit and browse our websites as often as you like without logging in and no personal information about your visit will be collected. If you visit our websites simply to browse, we may collect general information about the way in which you use our websites, including, but not limited to, the time and duration of visit, type of web browser used, the operating system/ platform you are using, your IP address, the websites from which you linked to us, and your CPU speed. We also may note whether and how you use the websites by recording site traffic patterns and clickstreams. We do not associate this general information that we collect with any personal information and we do not otherwise monitor this information on an individual basis. Instead, we aggregate this usage information and use it only to identify the levels and areas of interest in The Raymond F. Kravis Center for the Performing Arts, Inc. and to improve and refine our websites and services. We may perform (or have third parties perform) analyses of visitors’ behavior, and may share aggregated, anonymous data with sponsors and advertisers.
Personal Information
The Raymond F. Kravis Center for the Performing Arts, Inc. collects personal information when you make a purchase or a contribution, register, request information on our products and services, participate in a promotion or an online survey, or contact The Raymond F. Kravis Center for the Performing Arts, Inc. with a question or suggestion. Depending on the nature of your interaction with The Raymond F. Kravis Center for the Performing Arts, Inc., we may ask you for information such as your name, phone number, physical address, email address, credit card information including expiration date and billing address, and product preferences. Once you register with the Kravis Center and sign in to our services, you are not anonymous to us.
Your personal information may be used by us (or third parties engaged by us) to: (1) customize the advertising and the content that you see, (2) fulfill your requests for products and services, (3) contact you, (4) conduct research, (5) respond to subpoenas, court orders or legal process, and (6) establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims.
If you provide your e-mail address The Raymond F. Kravis Center for the Performing Arts, Inc. may contact you periodically with special offers, updated information and new services. Any e-mails sent to you by The Raymond F. Kravis Center for the Performing Arts, Inc. offer you the option to be removed from the e-mail mailing list. Also, you can edit personal information in your account with us, specifically your name, address, and phone number through our websites or by contacting us at the phone number or mailing address listed at the end of this document.
1.     Selected applications on our web site allow visitors to subscribe to our newsletter by providing their names and addresses to The Raymond F. Kravis Center for the Performing Arts, Inc.. If you provide The Raymond F. Kravis Center for the Performing Arts, Inc. with your mailing address or telephone number, The Raymond F. Kravis Center for the Performing Arts, Inc., in addition to providing you with the Raymond F. Kravis Center for the Performing Arts, Inc. newsletter, may also use this information to alert you to updated information and new services. If you wish to be removed from the mailing list, you may do so by contacting The Raymond F. Kravis Center for the Performing Arts, Inc. directly. (See the ‘Contact Us’ section below).
Information to third parties
1.    The Raymond F. Kravis Center for the Performing Arts, Inc. may occasionally present a special contest or promotion on its website that is sponsored by another company. To qualify for entry, we may ask you to provide personal information. If we plan to share that information with the sponsor(s), we will provide a statement to that effect.
2.    Certain performances at The Raymond F. Kravis Center for the Performing Arts, Inc. are presented by third parties. When you make a purchase to a performance presented by one of these third party organizations, The Raymond F. Kravis Center for the Performing Arts, Inc. may provide them with information regarding your purchase. This information may include, but shall not be limited to, your name, address, telephone number and email address, as well as details of your purchase, which may include, but shall not be limited to, the date you purchased your tickets, any offer you responded to, the locations of your seats, and the dollar amount of your transaction.
3.    The Raymond F. Kravis Center for the Performing Arts, Inc. does not sell, rent, swap or otherwise disclose any of your personal information in any manner other than those explicitly defined above.
Financial information
The Raymond F. Kravis Center for the Performing Arts, Inc. will protect any personal financial information that you share with us. If you make a purchase on-line, we will use your credit card number only to process your payment and will not use it for marketing purposes. For reasons of security, credit card information is not stored on our Web Server. We will retain order information for our records, but this information is never shared with third parties.
2.    Links
Our site includes links to other websites whose privacy policies we don’t control. Once you leave our website (you can check where you are by checking the URL in the location bar on your browser), use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site you are visiting. That policy may differ from ours. If you can’t find the privacy policy of any of these sites via a link from the site’s homepage, you should contact the site directly for more information. The Raymond F. Kravis Center for the Performing Arts, Inc. is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
3.    Cookies
Certain applications in The Raymond F. Kravis Center for the Performing Arts, Inc. website invoke a standard feature found in browser software, called a “cookie.” We use cookies only to track the progress of e-commerce transactions and to allow site users to move from one page to the next without having to re-enter personal order information. We do not use cookies to track user sessions, and we do not use or share information transferred through cookies with third parties for marketing or other purposes
4.    Children
We do not solicit personal information from children.
5.    Contact Us/How to update your personal information
You can help The Raymond F. Kravis Center for the Performing Arts, Inc. maintain the accuracy of your personal information by notifying us when you change your address, title, phone number, or e-mail address. If at any time you wish to update your information or stop receiving communication from The Raymond F. Kravis Center for the Performing Arts, Inc., notify us by e-mail or by postal mail at:
The Raymond F. Kravis Center for the Performing Arts, Inc.
Information Systems Department
701 Okeechobee Blvd.
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401
Email: webmaster@kravis.org
Please include your old and new contact information so that we can make the appropriate corrections. The Raymond F. Kravis Center for the Performing Arts, Inc. would like to receive your comments and any questions about this policy. Please address comments or questions regarding The Raymond F. Kravis Center for the Performing Arts, Inc.’s privacy practices to us at one of the addresses listed above. The Raymond F. Kravis Center for the Performing Arts, Inc. may occasionally update this policy. Notice of revisions will be posted here.
SEE CALENDAR
SEE ALL PERFORMANCES