http://www.worldmusicawards.com/index.php/contact/privacy-policy/
Home
News
Awards
Photos
Charity
Contact
GOING OUT TO THE WORLD
Follow @worldmusicaward
PRIVACY POLICY
WORLD MUSIC AWARDS LIMITED PRIVACY POLICY
World Music Awards  (referred to in these terms and conditions as “WMA”, “we”, “us” or “our”) will use the information we collect about you to provide services to you.
We appreciate that you do not want any personal information you provide to us distributed indiscriminately and here, we explain how we collect information, what we do with it. It is your responsibility to read and understand this Privacy Policy.
If you do not agree to all of this Privacy Policy and do not wish to be bound by it, you are not authorised to access or otherwise use our Site.
Introduction
This Privacy Policy explains the following:
What information we collect about you;
How we store your information;
How your information is used;
When we may contact you; Whether we will disclose your details to anyone else and age restrictions on supplying personal information to us.
1. What Information We Collect
You will be required to provide personal information to vote or enter competitions. The types of information that may be collected at these pages include: your name, e-mail address, postal address, telephone/mobile number, your gender and date of birth. We may ask you for other information, including, but not limited to, your interests, opinions and the way you use our service to assist us in our initiatives outlined above and to improve our understanding of customer trends and patterns.
You are under no obligation to provide such information. However, if you should choose to withhold requested information, we may not be able to provide you with our services.
2. How We Store Your Information
Information you submit via a Site is kept in our data base on the WMA server. Information submitted by you may be transferred to, stored and processed by us, our subsidiaries, our Sponsors, our service providers and to other reputable third party organisations.
By submitting information, you agree to the collection, transfer, storage or processing of information about you for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that information about you is treated securely in accordance with this policy and that all information you provide to us is stored our secure servers or those of our service providers.
3. How Your Information Is Used
We will use the information you provide to us to verify your vote is human; to monitor, develop and improve the Site, services and your experience;
to assist in and administer the provision of services to you (i.e. dispatch news and offers and communications via email, post or phone; to provide you with password reminders or to notify you that a particular service has been suspended for maintenance);
to contact you about a submission you have made to our Site, including any content you provide and
to understand customer trends and patterns.
4. When We May Contact You
We may contact you: in relation to the functioning of any service you have signed up for in order to ensure that we can deliver the services to you;
in relation to any contribution you have made to a Site, e.g. on our message boards;
to invite you to participate in surveys about our services (participation is always voluntary); and
for marketing purposes.
5. Will I Be Contacted For Marketing Purposes?
We hold the right to send you information by email, telephone or mail about related events, tickets, packages, products, services and airdates of the show that may be of interest to you.
6. Will We Share Your Personal Information With Anyone Else?
We will keep your information confidential and only use it within WMA, WMA’s subsidiaries and Sponsors. However, sometimes WMA uses third parties to process your information. WMA will require these third parties to comply strictly with its instructions and will require that they do not use your personal information for their own business purposes.
7. What If I Am A User Aged 16 or Under?
If you are aged 16 or under, please get your parent/guardian's permission beforehand whenever you provide personal information to a Site. Users without this consent are not allowed to provide us with personal information.
8. Limitation Of Liability
The Site may contain links to other websites where information practices may be different to ours. For example, if you "click" on a link, the "click" may take you off the Site. Visitors should consult the other websites' privacy policies as we are not responsible for and have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties.
We may sometimes offer content (e.g., competitions, sweepstakes, or promotions) sponsored by or co-branded with identified third parties. By virtue of these relationships, the third parties may obtain personally identifiable information that you voluntarily submit to participate in the website activity. We are not responsible for and have no control over these third parties' use of this information.
This Privacy Policy does not cover any use of information that a third-party ad server may have collected from you.
9. Legal Disclaimer
We are not responsible nor will be liable to you in any way for events beyond our direct control. Because of the constantly changing nature of our technology and business, we cannot guarantee nor do we represent that our performance will be error free, and to the maximum extent permitted by law we will not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential or punitive damages or other loss suffered by you and relating to the use or release of your personal information.
10. Updates
We reserve the right, from time to time, and at our sole discretion, to change or update this Privacy Policy. All changes to this Privacy Policy will be published on this page on our Site. Upon publication, each change will become effective and you will be deemed to be aware of and bound by it. You should therefore review this Privacy Policy regularly to ensure that you are up-to-date with the current terms of the Privacy Policy.
11. Security
Our Sites have security installed to ensure that any personal data entered onto the Sites is protected against loss, misuse or alteration. However, due to the nature of the Internet, we can't guarantee the protection of your personal information and we can't be responsible for any outcomes resulting from a breach of security when the Sites are used. We're confident in our security, and it is always a top priority to ensure we do not get any problems.
12. Your Acceptance Of These Terms
By using a Site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by WMA and to this Privacy Policy.
PRIVACY POLICY   TERMS
Website Proudly Designed, Development & Supported by Nocturnal Cloud. © 2017 Marcor International. All rights reserved.
© 2020 World Music Awards.
All rights reserved.