http://www.stpauls.co.uk/privacy-policy
Home
Remember Me
Resource Hub
Staff & Volunteer Support Point
Visit Us
Mailing List
Who We Are & Contacts
Contact Us
Charity Ticket Requests
The Bishop of London
Members of Chapter
Minor Canons and Priest Vicar
Cathedral Governance
Ethical Investment
Annual Reports
Staff Portal
HR, policies
and how to guides
Wellbeing, support and learning for staff and volunteers
St Paul's Cathedral and its Land
Safeguarding
Media
2013
2012
Photography
Vacancies
Shop
Service Schedule
News
Videos
St Paul's Cathedral School
Web Access
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Statement of Investment
Principles
Cookies
Sitemap
Worship & Music
Worship
Dean's Welcome
Responding to COVID-19 pandemic
Online services
Daily reflections
US thanksgiving service 2020
Season of Remembrance 2020
Advent & Christmas 2020
Service Schedule
Choral Evensong at St Paul's
Virtual Pilgrimage
Special Services and Events
Choir of the Nation
Read Sermons
The Diocese of London
Cathedral Videos
Weddings & Baptisms
Confirmations
Music
Concerts & Events
Cathedral Choirs & Musicians
Choir & Organ Recordings
The Organs & Bells
Music Outreach
Visiting Choirs & Musicians
Support the Music
Service Schedule
Visit Us
About Your Visit
Sightseeing, Times & Prices
COVID-19 Updates: Keeping your visit safe
Christmas with St Paul's
Buy Tickets Online
St Paul's Shop online
Guided Tours
Multimedia Guides
Kids go free this Christmas
Experience St Paul's Cathedral online
Explore the Cathedral
Accessibility
Visitor Information
Photography at St Paul's
Group Visits
Travel Trade Visits
Terms and Conditions of Entry to St
Paul's Cathedral
Learning & Faith
Schools & Family Learning
Families
Distance Learning Resources
Primary Schools
Secondary Schools
GCSE: Visits and Resources
Self-Guided Visits
Virtual Visits
Booking a Visit
Access and SEND
Resources for Teachers
Adult Learning
Life in Abundance: New Online Events
Online Winter Bookclub
Specially-Commissioned Reflections
Black History Month
Hard Questions for Hard Times
Sunday Forum Films
Films & Podcasts
Faith
The Christian Faith
The Anglican Communion
The Church of England
St Paul's Institute
History & Collections
History
Cathedral Timeline
History Highlights
Explore the Cathedral
Online Exhibits with Google Art & Culture
London Craft Week 2020: Crafting St
Paul's
The Collections
Cathedral Art
Talks, Activities & Events
Collections Highlights
Collections database
The Library
The Object Collection
The Archives
Conservation
Image Requests
Support Us
Support Us
Donate to us
Delivering access for all at St Paul's
Become a Volunteer
Become a Friend
Leaving a Legacy
Trusts & Foundations
Conservation
Music & Choristers
Securing the tradition of sung worship at St Paul's
St Paul's Cathedral Trust in America
City Livery Companies
Corporate Partnerships
Venue Bookings
Venue Bookings
Quick Event Space Guide
Wren Suite
Crypt
Chapter House
Nelson Chamber
North Churchyard
Approved Caterers
Approved Suppliers
Home
Welcome to SM4!
Worship & Music
St Paul’s Cathedral has been here for over 1,400 years. It has been built and rebuilt five times, and always its main purpose has been as a
place of worship and prayer.
Visit Us
St Paul's, with its world-famous dome, is an iconic feature of the London skyline. Step inside and you can enjoy the Cathedral's awe-inspiring
interior, and uncover fascinating stories about its history.
Learning & Faith
Lifelong learning is a core part of the our work, delivered through a variety of events by St Paul's Institute, and the
Cathedral's Adult Learning and Schools & Family Learning departments.
History & Collections
For more than 1,400 years, a Cathedral dedicated to St Paul has stood at the highest point in the City. The present Cathedral is the
masterpiece of Britain's most famous architect Sir Christopher Wren.
Support Us
Behind the scenes, the cost of caring for St Paul's and continuing to deliver our central ministry and work is enormous and the generosity of
our supporters is critical.
Venue Bookings
Widely considered to be one of the world’s most beautiful buildings and a powerful symbol of the splendour of London, St Paul’s Cathedral is a
breathtaking events venue.
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Back to Home
Today at the Cathedral View More
10:00am
Doors open for sightseeing
12:30pm
Eucharist
4:00pm
Last entry for sightseeing
5:00pm
Choral Evensong
Privacy Policy
St Paul’s Cathedral is committed to respecting your privacy and protecting your personal information
St Paul’s Cathedral is committed to respecting your privacy and protecting your personal information. The Cathedral welcomes improvements to data
protection laws and encourages discussion and debate on how we think about data privacy and how we manage to harness the power of data without
sacrificing privacy and choice.
Our Privacy Policy explains the reasons why we collect personal information, the types of personal information we collect, how we use it and your
legal rights.
Why do we collect personal information
St Paul’s Cathedral adopts the principle of collecting personal data for specified, explicit and legitimate purposes and does not further process
data in a manner that is incompatible with those purposes.
We need to collect and process personal information in order to fulfil the following legitimate interests of St Paul’s Cathedral.
To allow pre-arranged admission to the Cathedral for sightseeing, educational visits and some public events
To organise events and services held at the Cathedral
To perform religious ceremonies and services
To ensure the safety and security of people who work in or visit the Cathedral
To provide pastoral care
To manage the Cathedral’s historic and art collections
To promote the work and activities of the Cathedral
To support raising funds for maintaining the Cathedral, supporting choristers and delivering education and outreach work.
To allow Cathedral facilities to be hired for private events and services
To sell Cathedral shop merchandise online
To recruit staff and volunteers
In order to promote the work and activities of the Cathedral, we offer people the opportunity of choosing to receive periodical updates about news,
events and activities at the Cathedral.
We are also required to collect and process personal information to fulfil contractual, legal and statutory obligations.
How do we collect personal data
Generally, the Cathedral receives personal data from the individual directly. We recognise the need to collect data in an appropriate way for the
situation so utilise different methods, namely online; email; paper documents; telephone and on some occasions whilst you are visiting the
Cathedral.
For a small number of specific activities, personal data may be supplied by third parties. We will endeavour to inform you when this is the
case.
Visitors to the Cathedral should be aware that CCTV cameras are located around the Cathedral environment for the purposes of security. Photographs
and video recordings are taken at some Cathedral services and events.
We make use of publicly available information to establish and develop relationships with partners and supporters.
What personal information do we collect
For most purposes we need to collect your name and contact details. There are times when we need to collect additional information, typically the
following.
Requirements and statutory information for people arranging religious ceremonies and services such as weddings, baptisms, memorial services and
confirmations.
Requirements for people booking an educational visit to the Cathedral.
Payment details for visitors pre-booking a sightseeing visit to the Cathedral.
Payment details for visitors pre-booking tickets for a Cathedral event.
Payment details and gift records for people who make donations to the Cathedral.
Requirements for hiring a room or space in the Cathedral.
Areas of expertise for people working in partnership with the Cathedral to either contribute to, support or organise Cathedral services and
events.
Areas of expertise for people providing goods and services to support the work of the Cathedral.
Who do we share your personal information with
We collect your information for a specific purpose and will only share this information with a third party when it is necessary to do so in order
to fulfil that purpose. This is typically for the following reasons:-
To trusted partners and suppliers involved in the organisation and delivery of Cathedral events and services.
To trusted organisations providing specialist outsourced services to the Cathedral.
To fulfil legal and statutory obligations.
To fulfil contractual obligations.
To the Department of Health and Social Care (DHSC), upon any request for visitor information they may make to the Cathedral to
support the NHS Test and Trace service.
We will not sell or rent your information to third parties.
We will not share your information with third parties for marketing purposes.
How long will we keep your information
St Paul’s Cathedral endeavours to retain personal data for no longer than is necessary for the purpose we obtained it for. We define different data
retention periods for the different types of data that we hold, these periods also take into account other factors such as legal or regulatory
requirements; agreed industry standards; business and operational requirements.
Your rights
Data Protection laws provide you with the following rights.
Right of access
You may request a copy of your personal data held by St Paul’s Cathedral. There is usually no fee for this request however we may charge a
“reasonable fee” when a request is manifestly unfounded or excessive.
Right to rectification
You have the right to have personal data rectified if it is inaccurate or incomplete.
Right to erasure
You have the right to request the deletion or removal of personal data where there is no compelling reason for its continued processing.
Right to restrict processing
You have the right to ‘block’ or suppress processing of your personal data.
Right to object
You have the right to object to processing based on legitimate interests or direct marketing.
How to exercise your rights
All requests must be made in writing to the following address.
Data Protection Request
Chapter House
St Paul’s Churchyard
London
EC4M 8AD
The request must contain your name; postal address; the right you are exercising; the activity, event or service that the data relates to; any
supporting information that will help us identify the data such as when and how you provided it.
Complaints
You have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office.  Further information, including contact details, is
available at www.ico.org.uk.
Share this content
Facebook
Twitter
StumbleUpon
Email
SERVICE SCHEDULE
BUY TICKETS
Annual Passes, Day & Gift Tickets
Buy your tickets here >
DONATE
Caring for the Cathedral
How you can help >
Home
Remember Me
Resource Hub
Staff & Volunteer Support Point
Visit Us
Mailing List
Who We Are & Contacts
Contact Us
Charity Ticket Requests
The Bishop of London
Members of Chapter
Minor Canons and Priest Vicar
Cathedral Governance
Ethical Investment
Annual Reports
Staff Portal
HR,
policies and how to guides
Wellbeing, support and learning for staff and volunteers
St Paul's Cathedral and its Land
Safeguarding
Media
2013
2012
Photography
Vacancies
Shop
Service Schedule
News
Videos
St Paul's Cathedral School
Web Access
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Statement of Investment
Principles
Cookies
Sitemap
St Paul's Cathedral
@StPaulsLondon
Follow us
© 2020 Copyright The Chapter of St Paul's Cathedral
Designed and built by Redwing Interactive