http://www.sustrans.org.uk/legal/privacy/fundraising/
Fundraising
Your support and generosity is helping us make it easier for people to walk and cycle.
That's why we're a part of the Fundraising Regulator's self-regulatory scheme, and why when you make a donation to us you can be confident that our fundraising is legal, open, honest and respectful.
Our Fundraising Promise
We will commit to high standards
We will adhere to the Fundraising Code of Practice.
We will monitor fundraisers, volunteers and third parties working with us to raise funds to ensure that they comply with the Code of Fundraising Practice and with this Promise.
We will comply with the law as it applies to charities and fundraising.
We will display the Fundraising Regulator badge on our fundraising material to show we are committed to good practice.
We will be clear, honest and open
We will tell the truth and we will not exaggerate.
We will do what we say we are going to do with donations we receive.
We will be clear about who we are and what we do.
We will give a clear explanation of how you can make a gift and change a regular donation.
Where we ask a third party to fundraise on our behalf, we will make this relationship and the financial arrangement transparent.
We will be able to explain our fundraising costs and show how they are in the best interests of our cause if challenged.
We will ensure our complaints process is clear and easily accessible.
We will provide clear and evidence-based reasons for our decisions on complaints.
We will be respectful
We will respect your rights and privacy.
We will not put undue pressure on you to make a gift. If you do not want to give or wish to cease giving, we will respect your decision.
We will have a procedure for dealing with people in vulnerable circumstances and it will be available on request.
Where the law requires, we will get your consent before we contact you to fundraise.
If you tell us that you don’t want us to contact you in a particular way we will not do so. We will work with the Telephone, Mail and Fundraising Preference Services to ensure that those who choose not to receive specific types of communication don’t have to.
We will be fair and reasonable
We will treat donors and the public fairly, showing sensitivity and adapting our approach depending on your needs.
We will take care not to use any images or words that intentionally cause distress or anxiety.
We will take care not to cause nuisance or disruption to the public.
We will be accountable and responsible
We will manage our resources responsibly and consider the impact of our fundraising on our donors, supporters and the wider public.
If you are unhappy with anything we’ve done whilst fundraising, you can contact us to make a complaint. We will listen to feedback and respond appropriately to compliments and criticism we receive.
We have a fundraising complaints policy.
Our complaints procedure will let you know how to contact the Fundraising Regulator in the event that you feel our response is unsatisfactory.
We will monitor and record the number of complaints we receive.
How does Sustrans fundraise?
In order to continue building our vital routes and bring our life-changing projects to schools, workplaces and communities across the UK, we are reliant on charitable donations from the public. Our in-house fundraising team runs a variety of campaigns throughout the year including special appeals, mail campaigns, our autumn raffle and more.
However, there is no substitute for direct contact with the public to tell them about our work and inspire new supporters to join our movement. That is why we employ face-to-face fundraisers.  Our fundraisers are all extremely passionate and knowledgeable about the work we do, and we couldn't do it without them.
How can I recognise a Sustrans fundraiser?
Sustrans fundraisers wear red tops with the Sustrans logo and Sustrans photo ID. They are trained to adhere to the Code of Fundraising Practice.
If you would like to verify the legitimacy of a fundraiser or give us valuable feedback, we'd love to hear from you - email supporters@sustrans.org.uk.
Fundraising Preference Service
The Fundraising Preference Service (FPS) is a new website-based service that enables individuals to stop email, telephone calls, addressed post and/or text messages from a selected charity or charities. You can contact charities direct or use the FPS. Those without access to the website can call 0300 3033 517. Requests to the FPS will take up to 28 days to be actioned by the charity.
Fundraising Complaints Policy
We are committed to fundraising in a way that is legal, open, honest and respectful.
We recognise the importance of continuous improvement and view any complaint received as an opportunity to improve our approach and procedures.
We commit to ensuring that
People who support us and the wider public know how to make a complaint and can do so easily.
Those making a complaint know that it will be dealt with sensitively, honestly and fairly.
Complaints are dealt with in a timely and efficient manner.
All relevant Sustrans staff are aware of and confident following the fundraising complaints policy.
Complaints are reviewed on a regular basis to inform our approach to fundraising and process improvements.
What is a fundraising complaint?
A complaint is an expression of dissatisfaction or concern about the standard of service, actions or lack of action taken by the charity as a whole, members of staff, or volunteers,  which affects an individual or groups of people with whom the charity is involved.
How do I make a complaint about fundraising?
Any individual or group can make a complaint, or a complaint can be made on behalf of someone else (in cases where a complaint has been made on behalf of someone else, we will be mindful of data protection issues when responding).
Complaints regarding fundraising can be made:
By email: supporters@sustrans.org.uk
By telephone: Please note due to the Coronavirus outbreak we are unable to take calls at this time.
Any individual who posts negative feedback on any Sustrans social media channel will be invited to discuss their concerns further with a relevant staff member and/or to make a formal complaint via the channels listed above.
What will be done with my fundraising complaint?
All complaints will be acknowledged within three working days of receipt.
We will appoint a manager of suitable seniority to investigate the complaint.
We will inform you of the name of the person who will be investigating your complaint.
We aim to resolve most complaints within ten working days of receipt but some more complex issues may require further investigation. We will keep you informed of progress and not take more than 28 days of receipt of the complaint to advise you of the findings and outcome of the investigation.
What can I do if I’m not happy with the response I get?
If you are not satisfied with the response you have received, the complaint can be referred to a more senior manager. The final stage of appeal sits with the Board of Trustees.
If you are not satisfied with the final response you have received from us, then you have the opportunity to refer your complaint to the Fundraising Regulator within two months of our response.
Contact our supporters team
Supporters team
Supporters team