https://www.rickwhittington.com/consulting/privacy
Services
Inbound Marketing
Website Redesign
HubSpot Consulting
Sales Enablement
About
Our Approach
Our Team
Careers
Work
Blog
Contact
PRIVACY POLICY / TERMS OF Service
Terms of Service
This is the marketing and informational website (the “Site”) of Rick Whittington Consulting, LLC dba Whittington Consulting (“we” or “us” or “Whittington”).Binding TermsBy accessing this web site, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Service and all applicable laws and regulations. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are not permitted to use the site, and should leave it at once. The content, images, and other materials contained in this web site (“Site Materials”) are protected by copyright and trademark law.
Use of Site MaterialsYou may not:
copy, use, modify, display, distribute, or interfere with access to any Site Materials;
decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on the Site; or
remove any copyright or other proprietary notices from any of the Site Materials
Site Materials As IsThe Site Materials are provided “as is.” We make no warranties, expressed or implied, and disclaim all warranties, including implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other rights. Whittington does not warrant or make any representations concerning the currency, completeness, accuracy, or reliability of the Site Materials, or any content or links or other materials includes on web sites that link to the Site, or to which the Site links. No links from the Site to another imply any endorsement by Whittington. Use of any such web sites is at your own risk.
LimitationsTo the greatest extent allowable under all applicable laws, Whittington will not be liable for damages on any legal or factual theory whatsoever arising out of the use or inability to use the Site, even if we or our authorized representative have been notified of the possibility of such damage.
Terms of Use: ModificationsWhittington may revise these terms of use. By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the version of these Terms and Conditions of Use that is current as of the time of each visit to the Site.
Governing LawAny claim relating to the Site will be governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia without regard to its conflict of law provisions. Any claim or controversy against Whittington must be brought in the state or federal courts that are located in the City of Richmond, Virginia. You waive all objections to jurisdiction or venue in such courts.
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy of Rick Whittington Consulting, LLC dba Whittington Consulting (“we” or “us” or “Whittington”) addresses any use of personally identifiable information (“PII”), which is data that can be used to identify, contact, or locate someone, or to identify an individual.
Collection and Use of InformationIf you interact with our contact forms, newsletter sign-up, download white papers, inquire about services, or otherwise interact with us via the Site, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, phone number, company name, or other details. We will collect these as you submit them, and will use that information to communicate with you according to your inquiries, subscriptions, and requests. We will not sell or share that information with third parties. We may use your information to send periodic emails regarding our products and services, or for general follow up with you about relevant topics. You can use the Site anonymously.
Unwanted EmailsIf you would like to unsubscribe from our emails or newsletters, you can email us at privacy@rickwhittington.com and we will promptly remove you from correspondence as requested.
Third PartiesWe do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your PII. This does not include hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating the Site, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information to comply with the law, enforce our policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property or safety.
Use of CookiesOur Site uses cookies, which are small files that transfer through your web browser, if you allow it, to your computer. Cookies enable a web site or service provider to recognize your browser and remember certain information about your use of the Site. They also help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity. Cookies help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and interaction over time, so that we can improve the Site. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf. In your browser settings, you can ask for an alert each time a cookie is sent, or you can turn off cookies.
Data BreachShould a data breach occur, we will notify any affected users via email, within 7 business days.
Contact UsIf there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
Whittington ConsultingATTN: Privacy Officer2400 Old Brick Road, Suite 308Glen Allen, VA 23060rick@rickwhittington.com
This policy was last revised on March 9, 2020.