https://www.bmarley.com/security-policy
Bob Marley
Menu
Home
Log In
Cart
Tours
Updates
Store
Videos
Contact
Watch Bob Marley videos on YouTube Like Bob Marley on Facebook Follow Bob Marley on Twitter
Security Policy Comedian Bob Marley
Shop for Bob Gear!
Browse Store
SHIPPING POLICY
We use USPS for shipping. We follow standard weights, pricing and delivery rates of The United States Post Office. Most items will be shipped within 5-7 business days. We do keep a tracking record for items shipped.
RETURN POLICY
We do not allow returns for any CD’s, DVD’s, digital downloads and podcasting fees-any “intellectual content”. We will “exchange” apparel items if damaged or sized wrong at our cost.
REFUND POLICY
There are no refunds for “intellectual content” i.e. CD’s, DVD’s, digital downloads and podcasting fees. We will “exchange” apparel items if damaged or sized wrong at our cost. However, there are no full refunds.
PRIVACY POLICY
Thank you for visiting bmarley.com. We respect your privacy and want to protect your personal information. We do not distribute any of your information.Your information is used for the sole purpose of transactions here at bmarley.com
We do not keep credit card numbers on file. We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices on any other web site not operated by bmarley.com to which this site links or that links to this site.
DATA SECURITY
The site incorporates physical, electronic and administrative procedures to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal information including Secure Sockets Layer (“SSL”) for all financial transactions through the Site. We use SSL encryption to protect your personal information online and we also take several steps to protect your personal information in our facilities. Access to your personal information is restricted. Finally, we rely on third-party service providers for the physical security of some of our computer hardware. We believe that their security procedures are adequate. While we use industry-standard precautions to safeguard your personal information, we cannot guarantee complete security. 100% complete security does not presently exist anywhere online or offline.
EMAIL ADDRESSES
Locations on this site permit you to enter your email address for purposes of but not limited to: communications about your transactions or to receive newsletters about show updates, announcements and shopping deals at bmarley.com YOU CAN OPT OUT of receiving emails at any time by clicking the “OPT OUT” icon at the bottom of our newsletter.
UPDATES TO THIS POLICY
If we change or update this Privacy Policy, we will post changes and updates on the Site so that you will always be aware of it. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at  bob@bmarley.com
Effective March 11, 2013
Contact
Booking - Maine & New England
Oliver KeithlyPhone: 207-831-3521 Email: Oliver@mainecomedy.com
Booking - Outside of New England
The Gersh AgencyValentijn SlootPhone: 310-205-5875
Fax: 310-274-1753www.gershcomedy.com
Other InquiriesAsk Bob Please fill the form to the left and Bob will get back to you, or email him using the address below Email: bob@bmarley.com
Need Help Purchasing?
Email: bob@bmarley.com
Trying to find something special?
I need show tickets
Need help purchasing?
email: bob@bmarley.com
phone: (207) 899-3830
Watch Bob Marley videos on YouTube
Like Bob Marley on Facebook
Follow Bob Marley on Twitter
Sign up for my email list andget some FREE downloads!
Security Policy