http://www.soundtrack.net/about/privacy-policy/
Soundtrack.Net
Soundtrack.Net
Search
Home
Release Dates
Movies & TV
Soundtracks
Composers
News & Reviews
Trailer Music
Soundtrack.Net
Search
Register |
Login
Privacy Statement
This privacy statement applies to the website of:
Soundtrack.Net / Autotelics, LLC (mail@soundtrack.net)
The following outlines our data collection practices and our privacy policy. Please take the time to review this document.
Of the information we do collect, we allow our visitors the following access to the information:
Access is given to other collected information. (For example, users can access things such as their own user account and voting history, etc.).
Our organization processes all disputes through email. The address to send comments to is: mail@soundtrack.net. Please allow 1-3 business days to receive a reply.
Collecting information provides specific benefits to our website visitors:
Collecting the information you provide allows you to log into and/or use our website, as well receive information about our services through various
means.
We collect information for the following purpose(s):
• Completing or supporting an activity.
• Website and system administration.
• Research and development.
• Tailoring the website for its visitors.
• Building records of visitors without linking identifying information to the records for the purpose of research, analysis and reporting.
• Building records of visitors without linking identifying information to the records for the purpose determining visitors habits, interests or characteristics in order to make decisions that my directly affect the visitor.
• Building records of visitors for the purpose of research, analysis and reporting.
• Building records of visitors for the purpose determining visitors habits, interests or characteristics in order to make decisions that my directly affect the visitor.
• Contacting our visitors for promotion of the site or products.
• Preserving social history as governed by existing law or policy.
• Contacting our visitiors via telephone for promotion of the site or products.
• We, along with third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together for the purpose of reporting usage analytics (such as ad impressions), other uses of ad services, and interactions with these ad impressions and ad services are related to visits to the site.
We may use Google's interest-based advertising platform to serve ads to you.
You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network at Google's website (click here).
Who has access to the information we collect?
• Ourselves and/or our agents who utilize the information for the purpose given.
• Public forums such as bulletin boards.
• Anyone accessing our site for information that you have chosen to make public.
How long is information kept?
Information is retained for an indeterminate period of time.
If you believe that our website has collected incorrect information or if you would like to dispute any information, please contact us using the address at the top of this page.
Contact Us
E-mail: mail@soundtrack.net
Mailing address:
Soundtrack.Net
c/o Autotelics, LLC
5256 S. Mission Road, Suite 703 #29
Bonsall, CA 92003
Related Links
About Us
Terms of Use