http://www.stufish.com/page/privacy-cookie-policy
About
Projects
Team
Journal
Contact
Twitter
Instagram
Facebook
studio@stufish.co.uk
+44 20 7383 8833
Privacy & cookie policy
About Us
What information do we hold?
How and why do we use your personal information?
Who do we share your information with?
Where is your information stored?
How long will we keep your information?
Your rights
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Contacting us and making a complaint
About Us
We are Stufish Limited of 84 Marchmont Street, London, WC1N 1AG.  Any references in this Policy to “Stufish“, “we”, “our”, “us” etc. will be interpreted as a reference to us. Our contact details, can be found below under “Contacting us and making a complaint ”.
What information do we hold?
We will collect, process and store personal information about you which will include:
your name and email address when you contact us for information and/or for us to send to you our newsletters
information you provide to us when you contact us and information in relation to your receipt of the newsletters;
in relation to business contacts: organisation, name, address, email address, telephone number, employment details and information related
to our business relationship with you; and
information you provide to us when you apply for a job at Stufish.
Most of the information described above comes directly from you but we do obtain some from third parties, e.g. passed to us from your employer if they have designated you as their contact person.
When you visit our website, we collect some basic information such as your IP address, internet service provider’s domain name, which pages you accessed on the site, and when and referring website addresses.  We use this information for the operation of the website, to maintain quality, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Stufish website.
Use of Cookies
Stufish places small data files called cookies on your computer or mobile device to collect information about how you browse our website.
A cookie is a small text file that a website saves on your computer or mobile device when you visit the site. It enables the website to remember your actions and preferences which improves your web experience. A cookie does not give us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
We use Cookies in order to measure website usage (Google Analytics)
Google Analytics helps us to collect non-personally identifiable information on:
When you visit our website (first visit, last visit)
How long you spent on our website
How you got to our website
The Cookies we use are: __utma, __utmb, __utmc, __utmz
For more information on Google Analytics Cookie Usage on Websites, please visit:  Google Analytics Cookie Usage
How to disable cookies
Most internet browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can set your browser to refuse cookies or show you when a cookie is set. If you choose to refuse cookies, some features of our  website may not work correctly. Find out how to manage cookies at http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/
Please contact Stufish if you require further information about cookies set by our website.
How and why do we use your personal information?
We will use your information for the purpose of legitimate interests being pursued by us in relation to the services or products that we provide.  For example, we will use your information to contact you to discuss our services and products (and any changes to them); to respond to any questions or concerns you have raised; to deal with administrative matters such as contacting you for business purposes; and (where applicable) to prevent fraud.
We may also provide marketing information (for example our newsletters) to you in relation to our business activities where you have given your consent, or we are otherwise legally entitled to do so and it is in our legitimate interests to provide such information to you.  If you do not wish to be contacted in this way, you can tell us by contacting us using the details set out at the end of the Privacy Policy or using the “unsubscribe” option in communications sent to you.
We may also use your information in order to comply with any legal obligation that we have, in connection with any legal proceedings, or in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights.
Where we have relied on our legitimate interests to process your personal data, you may contact us to obtain more information, including in relation to our assessment of the impact on you.
Who do we share your information with?
Your information will be shared internally amongst our staff but they will only use it to carry out their duties in line with the purposes set out above.  We will need to share your personal information with others from time to time, including:
our professional advisers, such as our accounting and legal advisers where they require that information in order to provide advice to us;
if another entity acquires us or our assets, your information may be disclosed to that entity as part of the due diligence process and,
if the acquisition goes ahead, your information will be transferred to that entity;
our service providers who operate our website, or provide and support our management and data storage systems; and
Mailchimp who provides the template for our newsletters and is our marketing automation platform. By giving consent you would like to receive our newsletter you acknowledge that your email address will be transferred to MailChimp for processing in accordance with their Privacy Policy and Terms
We will also disclose your personal information if we are required to do so by law or to a law enforcement agency.
Where is your information stored?
Your personal data will be stored locally in the UK.
How long will we keep your information?
We will generally keep your personal data for a minimum of two years or for  as long as is reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, to fulfil our legal obligations or until you tell us you no longer want to remain on our contact list.  Information obtained in connection with a job application will be kept for 1 year.
We will securely erase your information in advance of these deadlines if we decide that we no longer need it.
Your Rights
You have the following rights regarding your information:
Right to be informed
You have the right to be provided with clear, transparent and easily understandable information about how we use your information and your rights. This is why we are providing you with the information in this Privacy Policy.
Right of access
You have the right to obtain access to your information (if we are processing it), and other certain other information (similar to that provided in this Privacy Policy).
Right to rectification
You are entitled to have your information corrected if it is inaccurate or incomplete.
Right to erasure
This is also known as ‘the right to be forgotten’ and, in simple terms, enables you to request the deletion or removal of your information where there is no compelling reason for us to keep using it.  This is not a general right to erasure; there are exceptions.
Right to restrict processing
You have rights to ‘block’ or suppress further use of your information. When processing is restricted, we can still store your information, but may not use it further. We keep lists of people who have asked for further use of their information to be ‘blocked’ to make sure the restriction isrespected in future.
Right to data portability
You have the right to obtain and reuse your personal data in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format in certain circumstances. In addition, where certain conditions apply, you have the right to have such information transferred directly to a third party.
Right to withdraw consent
If you have given your consent to anything we do with your personal data, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time (although if you do so, it does not mean that anything we have done with your personal data with your consent up to that point is unlawful).
Right to object to processing
In addition to the above rights, you also have the right to object to certain types of processing, in certain circumstances. In particular, the right to object to the processing of your personal data based on our legitimate interests grounds (including processing for direct marketing).
To exercise any of these rights at, any time, you can contact us using the contact details below and they will help you.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
From time to time we may make changes to this Privacy Policy to ensure that it is accurate and up to date and to reflect any changes in the law.  This policy was last updated on 23 May 2018.
Contacting us and making a complaint
Please do contact us if you have any questions or complaints about this Privacy Policy or about how we handle your information.  We can be contacted by email at studio@stufish.co.uk, or by telephone at +44 (0) 20 7383 8833  You can also write to us at Commercial Manager, Stufish Limited, 84 Marchmont Street, London, WC1N 1AG.
If you are not satisfied with our response or you believe our use of your information does not comply with data protection law, you can make a complaint to the privacy regulator.  In the UK, that is the Information Commissioner – see www.ico.org.uk for more information.
Updated 24 May 2018