http://www.entertainoz.com.au/privacy_policy
PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE ENTERTAIN OZ SITE. BY USING THIS SITE OR MAKING A BOOKING YOU ARE AGREEING TO BE BOUND BY THE FOLLOWING PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU CHOOSE NOT TO BE BOUND BY THE FOLLOWING PRIVACY POLICY THEN YOUR ACCOUNT MAY BE CANCELLED. ENTERTAIN OZ IS NOT REQUIRED TO PROVIDE ANY REFUND TO YOU IN THE EVENT OF YOUR ACCOUNT BEING TERMINATED.
General
This privacy policy described the policy of Entertain Oz Pty Ltd (ABN 88 086 522 741), (“Entertain Oz”), which owns and operates www.entertainoz.com.au (“Site”), regarding the collection, use, storage, sharing and protection of your personal information (“Policy”)..
Scope and consent:By using the Site, you give consent to Entertain Oz for the collection, use, disclosure and retention of your personal information by us, as described in this Policy and in the Terms and Conditions.
Entertain Oz may alter this Policy at any time. Any variations become effective on posting. By continuing to use the Site and making a booking after the Policy has been updated you agree to be bound by these updates.
What Personal Information does the Entertain Oz collect?
You can visit the Site without registering for membership or making a booking. When you provide us with personal information to create a membership or make a booking, you agree that such information is sent to and stored on Entertain Oz’s servers.
Entertain Oz collects and stores information that is entered on the Site. This information includes, but is not limited to your name, address, phone number, email address and financial information.
When Does Entertain Oz Collect Your Personal Information?
In general, personal information about you may be collected when you make an enquiry, make a booking or pay for a booking.
What Does Entertain Oz Use Your Personal Information For?
You agree that Entertain Oz may use your personal information for the following purposes:
- To provide you with access to our services, which include facilitation the booking of a Performer for an Event;
-To prevent, detect and investigate potential illegal activities, securiy breaches and fraud and to enforce the Terms and Conditions; and
- To contact you by email to provide you with information about services unless you elect not to receive such communication by altering your account settings or by contacting Entertain Oz to ask not to receive such communcation.
Who does Entertain Oz disclose you personal information to?
Unless you elect to keep your personal information confidential, you agree and consent to Entertain Oz disclosing your personal information in the following circumstances:
- To any user of the Site in order to facilitate an enquiry, booking and transaction between a Customer, Perfomer and releavnt third party;
- To service porviders with whom Entertain Oz has entered into an agreement with to help Entertain Oz provide services on the Site, including marketing agencies, financial service providers and technical support; and
- Certain third parties (IP rights holders, authorities, police, regulators) if Entertain Oz is required to do so by law..
How long does the Site Retain Your Personal Information?
Entertain Oz retains your information for at least 7 years from when you make an enquiry or, if you book an Event, from the date of your Event. After this period has expired, these transactions may be purged from the Entertain Oz system.
What non-personal information may be collected by this site?
Whenever anyone uses the Entertain Oz Site, information will be collected on how certain features of the Site are used, what general area Users are contacting us from, how many people visit the Site at any given time etc. This information does not contain any personal information of users visiting or using the site. This information will only ever be used to aid us in any technical issues that may arise or for statistical analysis to help us identify and improve use of the Site to the benefit of all users.
External Links
The Entertain Oz site may contain links to other Internet websites independent of us and vice versa. Entertain Oz cannot be reasonably expected to be aware of nor held responsible for the privacy policies or practices of these other websites.
Reporting Violations Of The Privacy Policy
Any user of this Site may report any alleged violation of the Site’s Privacy Policy to Entertain Oz by sending an email to support@entertainoz.com.au we will investigate your claim and take any actions we deem appropriate in our sole discretion.
Accessing, Reviewing and Changing your Personal Information
Entertain Oz cannot modify your personal information. You can modify your own information by logging into your account. If you would like to close your account, please send a request to support@entertainoz.com.au and Entertain Oz will process your information in accordance with the Privacy Act 1988.
Proetction and Rentention of your Personal Information
Entertain Oz protects your personal information through technical security measures (insert measures – i.e. firewalls, encryption) that limit the risk of loss, disclosure, unauthorised access and modification. However, if you do believe your account has been compromised, please email us at support@entertainoz.com.au.
Overseas Disclosure
We may, in the course of providing services to you, disclose personal information to overseas entities, including New Zealand and the United States. You agree that where personal information is disclosed to the such countries, applicable privacy laws may not apply to that information.
Thank you for taking the time to read our Policy, if you have any questions regarding our Policy you can email us at
support@entertainoz.com.au.