https://www.mnphil.org/tickets/privacy/
Skip to content
Home / Tickets / Privacy Statement
he Minnesota Philharmonic Orchestra is committed to protecting your privacy. This Statement of Privacy applies to The Minnesota Philharmonic Orchestra Web site and governs data collection and usage at all The Minnesota Philharmonic Orchestra sites and services; it does not apply to other online or offline sites, products or services. Please read the The Minnesota Philharmonic Orchestra Statement of Privacy. The Minnesota Philharmonic Orchestra is a general audience web site, intended for users of all ages. Personal information of all users is collected, used and disclosed as described in this Statement of Privacy.
Collection of your Personal Information
As an E-commerce Web site, The Minnesota Philharmonic Orchestra collects personal information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Information collected by The Minnesota Philharmonic Orchestra is used solely for the purpose of billing, shipping, and tracking your online purchases. The Minnesota Philharmonic Orchestra does not collect any information about your computer hardware and software.
Use of your Personal Information
The Minnesota Philharmonic Orchestra and its operational service partners collect and use your personal information to process ticket orders and deliver the tickets requested. It is possible that The Minnesota Philharmonic Orchestra may also use personal information to inform you of other products or services available from The Minnesota Philharmonic Orchestra and its affiliates. The Minnesota Philharmonic Orchestra may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
The Minnesota Philharmonic Orchestra does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. The Minnesota Philharmonic Orchestra may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external partners about an offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your personal information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party.
The Minnesota Philharmonic Orchestra does not collect, use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations.
The Minnesota Philharmonic Orchestra may access and/or disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on The Minnesota Philharmonic Orchestra or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of The Minnesota Philharmonic Orchestra, including its Web site; or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of The Minnesota Philharmonic Orchestra or the public.
Personal information collected on this site may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which The Minnesota Philharmonic Orchestra or its affiliates, subsidiaries or agents maintain facilities, and by using this site, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country. The Minnesota Philharmonic Orchestra abides by the safe harbor framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of data from the European Union.
Control your Personal Information
The Minnesota Philharmonic Orchestra offers its audience choices for the collection, use and sharing of personal information. You may notify us of your preferences by email or by telephone (612-656-5676). Please be sure to provide sufficient information so we can identify you in our records.
You may also stop the delivery of future promotional e-mail from The Minnesota Philharmonic Orchestra by responding directly to any email you receive with a request to remove you from the mailing list.
Security of your Personal Information
The Minnesota Philharmonic Orchestra is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For example, we store the personal information you provide on computer systems with limited access that are located in controlled facilities. When we transmit highly confidential information (such as a credit card number) over the Internet, we use a secure payment gateway so your information is protected.
Changes to this Statement
The Minnesota Philharmonic Orchestra will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. If there are material changes to this Statement or in how The Minnesota Philharmonic Orchestra will use your personal information, The Minnesota Philharmonic Orchestra will prominently post such changes prior to implementing the change. The Minnesota Philharmonic Orchestra encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how The Minnesota Philharmonic Orchestra is protecting your information.
Support the MPO Today!
Concerts
7:00 pm – 8:00 pm, December 19, 2020 – Variations at
7:00 pm – 8:00 pm, January 23, 2021 – Eric Ewazen at
7:00 pm – 8:00 pm, March 27, 2021 – Invocations at