http://www.folklorama.ca/privacy-policy
Call Us: (204) 982-6210 - Email: info@folklorama.caTwitterFacebookInstagramLinkedInPrivacy PolicyFolklorama / Privacy PolicyPrivacy PolicyCOLLECTION OF INFORMATIONCOOKIE/ TRACKING TECHNOLOGYDISTRIBUTION OF INFORMATIONCOMMITMENT TO DATA SECURITYSECURITYPRIVACY CONTACT INFORMATIONThank you for visiting our website. Please read this privacy policy before using the site or submitting any personal information. By using the site, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. These practices may be changed, but any changes will be posted and changes will only apply to activities and information on a going forward, not retroactive basis. You are encouraged to review the privacy policy whenever you visit the site to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used.Note: the privacy practices set forth in this privacy policy are for this website only. If you link to other websites, please review the privacy policies posted at those sites. COLLECTION OF INFORMATIONWe collect personally identifiable information, like names, postal addresses, email addresses, etc., when voluntarily submitted by our visitors. The information you provide is used to fulfill you specific request. This information is only used to fulfill your specific request, unless you give us permission to use it in another manner, for example to add you to one of our mailing lists. COOKIE/ TRACKING TECHNOLOGYThe website may use cookie and tracking technology depending on the features offered. Cookie and tracking technology are useful for gathering information such as browser type and operating system, tracking the number of visitors to the website, and understanding how visitors use the website. Cookies can also help customize the website for visitors. Personal information cannot be collected via cookies and other tracking technology. However, if you previously provided personally identifiable information, cookies may be tied to such information. Aggregate cookie and tracking information may be shared with third parties. DISTRIBUTION OF INFORMATIONWe may share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when: (1) permitted or required by law; or, (2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or, (3) investigating fraud which has already taken place. The information is not provided to these companies for marketing purposes. COMMITMENT TO DATA SECURITYYour personally identifiable information is kept secure. Only authorized employees, agents and contractors (who have agreed to keep information secure and confidential) have access to this information. All emails and newsletters from this site allow you to opt out of further mailings. SECURITYWe work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you enter. We transmit your credit card information over a secure connection to the appropriate credit card company during order processing. PRIVACY CONTACT INFORMATIONIf you have any questions, concerns or comments about our privacy policy, please contact our office: FOLKLORAMA2nd Floor – 183 Kennedy StreetWinnipeg MB R3C 1S6CanadaPhone: 1.204.982.6210Fax: 1.204.943.1956Toll free: 1.800.665.0234Email: info@folklorama.ca
Copyright © 2020 Folklorama
Photos are property of Folklorama. Use by permission only.
Privacy Policy | Terms of UseTwitterFacebookInstagramLinkedInBack to Top