http://www.iffboston.org/privacy-policy/
The Independent Film Society of Boston (IFSBoston) is committed to protecting your privacy.
COLLECTING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Occasionally, we will ask you for information that personally identifies you (personal information) or allows us to contact you. Generally, this information is either provided voluntarily by you, such as when signing up for our mailing list, or is requested when you are purchasing tickets, passes, or other merchandise from our site. Personal information collected by IFSBoston often is limited to email address, language, country or location, but may include other information when needed to provide a service you requested.
USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We use your personal information for the following purposes:
To help us in contacting you if a problem arises with your order.
To alert you of upcoming events or special offers from IFSBoston.
We occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, including packaging, mailing and delivering purchases, answering customer questions about products or services, sending postal mail. We will only provide those companies the information they need to deliver the service, and they are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose.
IFSBoston will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on IFSBoston or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of IFSBoston and its family of Web sites, and, (c) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of IFSBoston, its Web sites, or the public.
CONTROL OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
When you register, or otherwise give us personal information, IFSBoston will not share that information with third parties without your permission, other than for the limited exceptions already listed. It will only be used for the purposes stated above.
SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
IFSBoston strictly protects the security of your personal information and honors your choices for its intended use. We carefully protect your data from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration, or destruction.
Your personal information is never shared outside the company without your permission, except under conditions explained above. Inside the company, data is stored in password-controlled servers with limited access. Your information may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country where IFSBoston, its subsidiaries, affiliates or agents are located.
ACCESS TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION/CUSTOMER SERVICE
If, at any time, you wish to have your information removed from our database, you may do so by sending an email to info (at) iffboston.org with the word “REMOVE” in the subject line. Please note that no information can be removed until all orders associated with that information have been completely fulfilled. You will be notified by email when your request has been fulfilled.
Should you have any questions regarding the status of your order, or if you need to reach our customer service department, please send an email to customerservice (at) iffboston.org, and we will get back to you within two business days.
RETURNS/REFUNDS
IFSBoston has a general “no refund” policy on tickets and/or passes. Tickets and passes purchased online will not be delivered to you; they will be available for pick-up at the box office of the theater where your screening is being played. You will be notified of where and when to pick up your ticket/pass when your order is placed. Other merchandise purchased online will be delivered via U.S. Priority Mail within two weeks of the order being placed.
CHANGES TO THIS STATEMENT
IFSBoston will occasionally update this privacy statement. When we do, we will also revise the “last updated” date at the bottom of the privacy statement. For material changes to this Statement, IFSBoston will notify you by placing prominent notice on the Web site.
Last updated: 9/20/05