https://www.laapa.com/privacy-policy
Covington School of Music
Call
Text
Mandeville School of Music & Dance
Call
Text
River Ridge School of Music & Dance
Call
Text
Request More Information
Choose a Program
Piano
Singing
Voice
Guitar
Drums
Violin
Ballet
Hip Hop
Musical Theater
Summer Camp
Toddler Music
Toddler Dance
Ukulele
Banjo/Mandolin
Bass
Cello
Clarinet
Contemporary/Modern Dance
Flute
Viola
Saxophone
Songwriting/Composition
Strength & Conditioning
Tap
Trumpet
Trombone
Other - Indicate in Comments
Locations
Covington Campus
Mandeville Campus
River Ridge Campus
Take Lessons Online
Unsure/General Contact Request
SUBMIT
Please at least enter your name, e-mail, and phone number!
Awesome, thanks for getting in touch! We'll reply ASAP!
Now Enrolling for
Lessons!Attend In-Person or Online.It's Easy To Get Started...Contact Us Today!
Covington (985) 590-4545
Mandeville (985) 674-2992
River Ridge (504) 738-3050
Request More Info
Enroll Now
Music Lessons
Getting Started in Music
Bass
Cello
Clarinet/Flute/Saxophone
Drums
Ensembles
Guitar
Jazz Studies
Piano
Songwriting/Composition
Toddler Music
Trumpet/Trombone/Horns
Ukulele
Violin
Voice
Online Music Lessons
Lessons for Kids
Lessons for Adults
Concerts & Performances
Dance Classes
Getting Started in Dance
Ballet
Contemporary/Modern
Hip-Hop
Musical Theater
Strength & Conditioning
Toddler Dance
Tap
Classes for Kids
Classes for Adults
Online Dance Classes
Recitals & Performances
Class Dress Codes
Class Schedules
Summer Camp
Locations
Contact Us
Covington
Campus Home
Music Lessons
Dance Classes
Harahan
Mandeville
Campus Home
Music Lessons
Dance Classes
River Ridge
Campus Home
Music Lessons
Dance Classes
Online
Campus Home
Music Lessons
Dance Classes
Near Me / Service Areas
Abita Springs
Elmwood
Folsom
Hammond
Kenner
Madisonville
Metairie
New Orleans
Slidell
About
What We Do
Director's Welcome
Community Service
Faculty
Frequently Asked Questions
Blog
Resources
LaapaNotes News
Login - My Music Staff
Login - Faculty Portal
Login - Staff Portal
Current Students
Calendar
Employment
External Resources
Success Stories
Tour
Video
Latest Video Releases
Live Streams
Privacy Policy
Our privacy statement.
Laapa
Privacy
Privacy Policy of Louisiana Academy of Performing Arts
Louisiana Academy of Performing Arts operates the https://www.laapa.com website, which provides the SERVICE.
This page is used to inform website visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service, the Louisiana Academy of Performing Arts website.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation with this policy. The Personal Information that we collect are used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at https://www.laapa.com, unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to your name, phone number, and postal address. The information that we collect will be used to contact or identify you.
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you visit our Service, we collect information that your browser sends to us that is called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser version, pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used an anonymous unique identifier. These are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your computer’s hard drive.
Our website uses these "cookies" to collection information and to improve our Service. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies, and know when a cookie is being sent to your computer. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform our Service users that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
Our Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, we advise you to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately, after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
Request Info
Call Now