http://www.little-theatre.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
HOME
VIRTUAL LITTLE
CAFE
MUSIC
ART
SHOP
ABOUT
BLOG
INFORMATION
HISTORY
ACCESSIBILITY
EMPLOYMENT
BOOK YOUR EVENT
ADVERTISE
PRIVACY POLICY
MEMBERSHIP
SUPPORT
Home
Virtual Little
Cafe
Shop
Support
Information
*The Little's reopening has been delayed*
Click here for our statement. Thank you for your understanding and patience.
Stream movies in the Virtual Little, read our COVID-19 statement, and consider becoming a member or donating to help us survive!
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which The Little Theatre collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the http://www.thelittle.org, http://otff.org/ website ("Site").
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, place an order, fill out a form, respond to a survey, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site or Membership related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
The Little Theatre may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
• To run and operate our Site
We may need your information display content on the Site correctly.
• To improve customer service
Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
• To personalize user experience
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
• To improve our Site
We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services, including Membership.
• To run a promotion, contest, survey or other Site feature
To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
• To send periodic emails
We may use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site/Membership database.
Sharing your personal information
Except as described in the next section, "List Exchange Policy", The Little Theatre Film Society Inc. does not share or sell information with third parties for marketing or other purposes. We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission. Users can always refuse to supply personal identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site or Membership related activities.
Member Benefits
Whether we interact with you online our webpage, social media or in the theatre, Member benefits at The Little Theatre Film Society Inc. are accessed through the information you provided on your Membership application (online, in person or over the phone). This data is used to associate our Members with the proper benefits associated with their Membership, online or in person. Members who choose to opt out of having their data accessed at the point of sale or by having their Membership cards scanned may not be able to access their Membership related benefits or discounts.
List Exchange Policy
Member support is essential to the Little Theatre’s fiscal stability, enabling the theatre to provide quality programming and services to the Greater Rochester community. Your name and basic contact information may be exchanged for consideration with select organizations for a one-time use only. These organizations may attempt to contact you to promote a product or service that they offer. No information will be shared about members' giving history. The Little Theatre Film Society Inc. has a strict policy against the sale of our membership lists to ANY organization. In addition, membership lists are never exchanged with any political or religious organizations.
If you would prefer not to have your name included in such list exchanges, please notify the Little Theatre at (585) 258-0400, and we will be pleased to accommodate your request.
Electronic newsletters
If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or User may contact us via our Site or telephone number. We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
Third party websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website's own terms and policies.
Advertising
Ads appearing on our site may be delivered to Users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile non personal identification information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This privacy policy does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers. You may learn more about opting out of major ad networks at https://websitebuilders.com/tools/advertiser-opt-out/.
Google Adsense
Some of the ads may be served by Google. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to Users based on their visit to our Site and other sites on the Internet. DART uses "non personally identifiable information" and does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, etc. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Changes to this privacy policy
The Little Theatre Film Society Inc. has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will post a notification on the main page of our Site. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes. This privacy policy was built using the PrivacyPolicies.com generator.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at info@thelittle.org.
Revision: April 30, 2018
Search this site
CONNECT WITH US
Elizabeth Tighe at The...
7:00PM
Café hours today are Closed
76 Days
Another Round
Assassins
Born To Be
Coded Bias
Following the Ninth
Insert Coin
Mayor
Monsoon
Notes on Marie Menken
The Donut King
The Twentieth Century
Opening Dec. 11 (virtual)
76 Days
Notes on Marie Menken
Assassins
Closing Dec. 10
The True Adventures of Wolfboy
Martin Eden
Click here to DONATE
Support for The Little Theatre comes from:
Become a Little Theatre Sponsor
Tweets by TheLittleRoch
Follow @TheLittleRoch
Curbside Concessions and the Popcorn Pop-up Return
The Little’s Historic Restoration Wins Landmark Society Award
Movies and a Microphone, Episode 37: Entering The Twentieth Century
Anomaly Friday the 13th Popcorn Pop-Up
Introducing the Jack Garner Theatre at The Little
The Little Reopening Delayed
1 of 39next ›
Movies and a Microphone, Episode 36: Parasite Changes The Game + Oscars BINGO
Movies and a Microphone, Episode 35: 2020 Oscars Talk ... With a Little Twist
Movies and a Microphone, Episode 34: Parasites, Anomaly, and Mister Rogers, a Little Fall Film Preview
Movies and a Microphone, Episode 33: Indie Summer Movie Preview
Movies and a Microphone, Episode 32: One Take Film Festival 2019 Preview
1 of 8next ›
Want to see more?
Or subscribe?
Click here.