https://www.fretboardjournal.com/privacy-policy/
Search for:
This privacy policy tells you how we (The Fretboard Journal and our parent company, Occasional Publishing, Inc.) use personal information collected at this site. As a reader-supported magazine built by guitarists for guitarists, we take your privacy very seriously.
By using the site, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. These practices may be changed, but any changes will be posted and changes will only apply to activities and information on a going forward, not retroactive basis. You are encouraged to review the privacy policy whenever you visit the site to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used.
Data / Collection of Information
We do not rent, sell or solicit any personal information (including emails, subscriptions or addresses) to any third-party lists or publications. We collect personally identifiable information, like names, postal addresses, email addresses, etc., when voluntarily submitted by our visitors and customers. Subscribers may be notified via email of their subscription expiring or if there are any issues with our shipment of our products (ie the postal service returns a package back to us). The information you provide is used to fulfill your specific request. This information is only used to fulfill your specific request, unless you give us permission to use it in another manner, for example to add you to one of our mailing lists.
Cookie/Tracking Technology
The Site may use cookie and tracking technology depending on the features offered. Cookie and tracking technology are useful for gathering information such as browser type and operating system, tracking the number of visitors to the Site, and understanding how visitors use the Site. Personal information cannot be collected via cookies and other tracking technology, however, if you previously provided personally identifiable information, cookies may be tied to such information. Aggregate cookie and tracking information may be shared with third parties.
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
Messaging
The Fretboard Journal will notify our print magazine subscribers / customers via email and/or standard mail. We keep these messages to a minimum (eg: once a year to notify you of a forthcoming subscription expiration). At any point, you permanently opt-out of receiving emails or communciation from us.
Our bi-weekly Fretboard Journal Newsletter can only be subscribed to via opting-in. You may be subscribe or unsubscribe at any point from the email itself or by notifying us. If you feel you subscribed in error or wish to be removed, simply notify else. Our Newsletter occasionally has advertising but under no circumstances do we rent or share our email newsletter with advertisers.
Distribution of Information
We may share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when: (1) permitted or required by law; or, (2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or, (3) investigating fraud which has already taken place. We do not provide or rent any information to companies for marketing purposes.
Your Rights
If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.
Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.
Commitment to Data Security
Your personally identifiable information is kept secure. Only authorized employees, agents and contractors (who have agreed to keep information secure and confidential) have access to this information. All emails and newsletters from this site allow you to opt out of further mailings. If you decide to unsubscribe from our digital newsletter or emails, we can delete your account information as per your request.
Privacy Contact Information
If you have any questions, concerns, or comments about our privacy policy you may contact us using the information below:
By e-mail: fretboardjournal@gmail.com
By Phone: 206-706-3252
We reserve the right to make changes to this policy. Any changes to this policy will be posted.
Features
Columns
Video
Podcasts
Magazine
Insiders
FJFest
User
Cart
Search
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.I AgreePrivacy policy