https://www.pembrokeshirecoast.wales/planning/planning-policy/local-development-plan-2/local-development-plan-replacement-stages/candidate-sites/
Jump to Main content
Highlight Links
High contrast Mode
Readable Fonts
Greyscale Mode
Invert Mode
XClose this tab
Search for:
Search
THIS CONSULTATION HAS NOW CLOSED
As part of the evidence gathering for the revised Plan, the Authority is inviting people to submit details of sites they wish to be considered, for inclusion as sites for development or protection in the emerging Local Development Plan. The sites are referred to as ‘Candidate Sites’.
A form will need to be completed for each Candidate Site submission (one site per form). Submissions can be made electronically to devplans@pembrokeshirecoast.org.uk or in paper format to the Park Direction Service, Pembrokeshire Coast National Park Authority, Llanion, Pembroke Dock, Pembrokeshire, SA72 6DY.
Please note that a separate form MUST be completed for each site to be submitted. It is important to provide as much information as possible on the forms. Whilst the Authority will consider the acceptability of each site for development, it will also be very important for the proposer to demonstrate how they intend to bring the site forward for development during the Plan period. Delivery of allocated sites will be scrutinised through the Local Development Plan Examination process and the proposer may be asked for further evidence to show when and how this will be achieved.
To assist with completion of the forms, Guidance Notes have been prepared which provide details of where further information can be sought.
The sites will be assessed using the methodology set out in a Candidate Sites Methodology Background Paper to the Local Development Plan.
Please note that if your site is already allocated in the current Local Development Plan but has not been developed to date you will need to resubmit your site as a Candidate Site now if you wish it to be considered for inclusion in the replacement Local Development Plan.
All sites will be entered onto a Candidate Sites Register which will be published alongside the Preferred Strategy of the Replacement Local Development Plan which is scheduled for April/May 2017. The Register will detail the site assessment and whether it is suitable for allocation in the revised Plan.
Your site(s) must be submitted by 4.30pm on Friday 25 November 2016. Submissions cannot be kept confidential and will be made public.
Candidate Sites Methodology Background Paper
Candidate Sites Guidance Notes
Candidate Sites Submission Form
PLEASE NOTE
THIS CONSULTATION HAS NOW CLOSED
More on Local Development Plan 2
Supplementary Planning Guidance (LDP2)
Read more
Sustainability Appraisal Scoping Report
The Sustainability Appraisal Scoping Report sets out the sustainability appraisal issues and objectives/criteria against which the Replacement Local D...
Read more
Preparation Stages
These are the stages in preparing a replacement Local Development Plan.
Read more
LDP Review Report
The Review Report sets out where changes are required, what needs to change and why, based on evidence.
Read more
Get In Touch
Contact us and register your details to get the latest updates on what's happening in the Pembrokeshire Coast National Park.
Contact Us
Cookie Policy
To help us make this website better, the cookie settings are set to ‘allow all cookies’. If you continue without changing these settings, you consent to this – for more information and to change this at any time, see our cookie policy and privacy policy.
I understand
View Basket
Checkout
Continue Shopping