https://www.wfxb.com/wfxb-contact-us/privacy-policy/
SectionsThe Latest
Weather
FOX Lounge
Contests
Mugshots
Pets
Calendar
WFXBContact Us
Our Team
FOX News
Not the News
Schedule
Carolina AM
MeTV
Connect With Us
WFXB.com Privacy Policy
Last Updated: July 31, 2012
This Privacy Policy discloses the privacy practices for the www.wfxb.com website (the “Site”), which is provided to you by WFXB (“we” or “us”), a Bahakel station. This Privacy Policy governs our collection of information from you through your use of the Site. It does not apply to any information you may provide to us through other means; for example, via mail, in person or via telephone.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. By viewing, browsing, accessing or otherwise using this Site, you agree that such access and/or use, and any dispute regarding our online privacy practices, is governed by this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use.
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy in the future as we deem necessary. If we do modify this Privacy Policy, we will post the updated Privacy Policy on this Site and change the “Last Updated” date above to reflect the date of the changes. By continuing to use the Site after we post any such changes, you accept the Privacy Policy as modified.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
This children’s privacy statement explains our Site’s practices with respect to the online collection and use of personal information from children under the age of thirteen, and provides important information on your rights under federal law with respect to such information.
This is a general audience website and we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. We screen users who wish to provide personal information in order to prevent users under the age of thirteen from providing such information. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personally-identifiable information from a user under the age of thirteen, we will delete such information from our records. If we change our practices in the future, we will obtain prior, verifiable parental consent before collecting any personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen via our Site, and will update this Privacy Policy accordingly.
Because we do not collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen, we also do not knowingly distribute any such information to third parties. Finally, we do not knowingly allow children under the age of thirteen to publicly post or otherwise distribute personally identifiable contact information. If you are under the age of 13, please don’t provide any information about yourself through this Site.
INFORMATION COLLECTED ON OUR SITE
The information collected on our Site falls into two categories: (1) information voluntarily supplied by users to the Site; and (2) tracking information that is automatically gathered as users navigate through the Site. This information may be collected directly by us, or it may be collected by a third party service provider on our behalf. No personally identifiable information, such as a user’s name, address, email address, or telephone number, is automatically collected via our Site; personally identifiable information about Site users is collected only when knowingly and voluntarily submitted. Third-party providers featured on or linked to on our Site, such as vendors of products and services, may be gathering information as well, through processes we don’t control.
Information Voluntarily Supplied by Users
We may collect and store information, personal or otherwise, that you voluntarily supply either while on our Site or when sending us an email in connection with a feature provided on our Site. Some examples of this type of information include demographic information and personal information (such as your name, address, or email address) that you electronically submit when you register for certain features on our Site, participate in sweepstakes or contests offered on the Site, sign up for email newsletters, or contact us with questions, and information that you post on message boards or other public posting areas on our Site. The information supplied will help us provide the product or service requested, fulfill the contest or sweepstakes offered, send you the email newsletters or other communications requested by you, offer you more personalized features and tailor the Site to your interests. Supplying such information is entirely voluntary. However, if you choose not to supply information requested, we may be unable to provide you with services made available to other users of the Site.
Information That Is Automatically Collected
Of course, you can set your browser not to accept cookies, but if you do, you may not be able to take advantage of the personalized features enjoyed by other visitors to our Community
We also may collect and store information that is generated automatically as you navigate through our Site. For example, to help make the Site more responsive to the needs of users, we may employ, on our Site, or on certain pages of our Site, a standard feature of browser software, called a “cookie,” to assign each user a unique, random number that resides on a user’s computer. The cookie doesn’t actually identify you, it just identifies the computer that you use to access the Site. The only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply (e.g., if you submit a username and password and ask that the Site remember that information the next time you visit). A cookie cannot read unrelated data off your hard drive. We use cookies to help us tailor the Site to your needs, to deliver a better, more useful service. For example, we may use cookies to track the pages on the Site visited by users. We can make the Site more effective if we know which areas our users are visiting and how often. Of course, you are free to set your web browser not to accept cookies; however, doing so may render your computer unable to take advantage of the personalized features enjoyed by other users of the Site.
We also may use web beacons (also known as “single-pixel GIFs”) to access cookies and to count users who visit our Site or open our HTML-formatted email messages. And our Site’s servers may automatically collect limited information about your computer’s connection to the Internet, including your IP address. The IP address is a number that lets computers attached to the Internet know where to send data – such as the web pages users view. An IP address does not personally identify a user. We may use this information to deliver the Site’s content to you upon request and to measure traffic within the Site.
In addition, we allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our web site. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising for some companies, you can visit http://www.networkadvertising.org and http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
The use and collection of your information by these third party advertisers and ad servers is governed by the relevant third party’s privacy policy and is not covered by our privacy policy.
USE AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION
As indicated above, we may use the information that you provided to us, and that is automatically collected as you use our Site, in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, for purposes of providing to you a product or service you have requested, entering you in a contest or sweepstakes that you are interested in, sending you email newsletters and other communications that you have requested, customizing features and advertising that appear on the Site, tracking the pages visited by our users, and delivering our Site content to you.
You agree that we may use any information submitted by or collected from you via the Site for any purpose, including to contact you for customer service purposes, to inform you of important changes or additions to our Site or the services offered over our Site, and to send you administrative notices, offers and any other communications that we believe may be of interest to you. You also agree that we may provide any or all of your information to third parties, such as service providers, contractors, contest co-sponsors, partners, fulfillment agencies and advertisers, for any purpose, such as to enable us or a third party to provide you with a requested product or service, or to provide you with information and offers about products, services and events that may be of interest to you.
Please also keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily make your personal information available for viewing by third parties online – for example on message boards, through email or web logs, or in chat areas – that information can be seen, collected and used by others besides WFXB. We cannot be responsible for any unauthorized third party use of such information.
We may occasionally release information about visitors when release is appropriate to comply with law, to enforce our Terms of Use, or to protect the rights, property or safety of visitors to our Site, the public, or to us or our Site. Also, please also note that as our business grows, we may buy or sell various assets. In the unlikely event that WFXB, some or all of our assets, or our Site is acquired by another company, information about our users may be among the transferred assets.
THIRD-PARTY SITES
Our Site includes links to third party websites whose privacy policies we do not control. Once you leave our Site, any information you provide at another site will be governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site you are visiting, which may differ from ours. If you can’t find the privacy policy of a third party site via a link on the site homepage, you should contact the third-party provider directly for more information.
STORAGE OF INFORMATION
Information we gather on our Site is stored within controlled databases (hosted by us or by a third party on our behalf). As effective as the reasonable security measures implemented by us and our service providers may be, however, no security system is impenetrable. We cannot guarantee the security of any of our, or our service providers’, systems or databases, nor can we guarantee that information supplied will not be intercepted while being transmitted over the Internet.
QUESTIONS?
Questions regarding privacy issues should be directed to us at:
Brian Richardson
WFXB FOX TV
3364 Huger Street
Myrtle Beach, SC 29577
More About UsContact Us
Our Team
Advertise
Jobs
Internships
Closed Captioning
Schedule
FOX On Demand
MeTV
FCC
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
EEO Reports
FCC
Weather
More Weather
Myrtle Beach | Florence | Lumberton | Radar
Most Popular
Man Accused of Stealing From Hospital While Visiting Sick Family MemberThe Age When Most People Start to Feel 'Old'CA: Restaurants Sue Governor NewsomMyrtle Beach City Council Approves Sale of Campground PropertyRemains Found in 2018 Identified as Missing Man From Murrells Inlet
Connect With Us
WFXB
Not The News
News At 10
[Follow our Hashtag... #wfxb ]
Featured Events
SCDCA Offers Free Identity Theft Presentation to Bennettsville Area ResidentsConcert for a Cause: “Still I Sing” to Benefit Coker College's Cobra CupboardReshaping Our Future
What's On
Contests
Hardees Touchdown Takeout 2020 Contest
[poll id="2"]
Not the News
Close
Share
Toggle Fullscreen
Zoom in/out
Previous
Next