http://www.apexawards.com/terms.htm
APEX AWARDSWRITINGCATALOGLINKSNEWSBLOGABOUTCONTACTSEARCHTerms of Use
Website user agreement for ApexAwards.com,
WritingThatWorks.com, WritersWebWatch.com and any
other Concepts website
Please read this user agreement carefully before using this website. If you don't agree to these terms of use, please don't use the site. Check these terms periodically for any changes. Your continued use of this site following the posting of changes to these terms means that you accept those changes.
Any person accessing Communications Concepts, Inc.'s APEX Awards, Writing That Works and Writer's Web Watch website, and any other website owned by Communications Concepts, Inc., agrees to and is bound by the following terms and conditions:
Copyright
Copyright 1998 - 2021, Communications Concepts, Inc. All rights reserved. All images, illustrations, designs, photos, icons, text, programs and other materials found in this and other Concepts sites are intellectual property owned and controlled by Communications Concepts, Inc., unless otherwise noted, and are protected by United States Copyright laws.
No material from this or other Concepts websites may be copied, duplicated, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way (without the express written permission of Communications Concepts, Inc.), except that you may download one copy of the materials on any single computer for your personal, non-commercial home use only, provided you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices.
Modification or use of materials from this website for any other purpose, without prior written permission from Concepts, is a violation of Concepts' copyright and other proprietary rights. For purposes of these terms, the use of any such material on any other Web or intranet site or networked computer environment is prohibited. All trademarks, service marks, and trade names are proprietary to Concepts.
Trademarks
Communications Concepts®, APEX®, Writing That Works®, Communications Manager® and JOBWATCH® are registered, proprietary trademarks belonging to Communications Concepts, Inc. Certain other trade names are proprietary to Concepts. All other trademarks and service marks are the property of their respective owners. For further information, please contact us.
Content submission
Some areas of this and other Concepts websites may allow for the exchange of information between you and Concepts. For example, you might post on an APEX blog, or send a letter to the editor. For any content you submit to Concepts, you implicitly grant Concepts the authority and right to use and publish that content, in any media now known or later developed, subject to Concepts' corporate privacy policies. While you grant Concepts the right to use and publish your submitted content, you retain the ownership, copyright and trademark rights to any materials you send us.
If you enter publications or other materials in the APEX Awards for Publication Excellence, we may choose to describe or comment on selected APEX entries and award winners. If you enter confidential materials, we would not publish, reproduce, share or redistribute them. You retain the ownership, copyright and trademark rights to any entry materials you send us.
Your responsibility
You assume all responsibility for use of this and other Concepts websites. You waive all claims against Communications Concepts, Inc., its officers, directors, staff, vendors and programmers that may arise from using the Concepts site.
Accuracy of site information
While we work hard to ensure the accuracy of site information, neither Concepts nor its information contributors can be held responsible by you for the accuracy of the information found in the Concepts website. Concepts makes no expressed or implied warranty as to the accuracy of content or programming.
Please e-mail any website inaccuracies to us. We will make every effort to correct them.
Links to other sites
Links on this site will bring you to other sites. We don't control those sites, their privacy policies, or their links. Their owners can change or end their sites and/or links at any time, in any way. We've looked at the sites and think the content may be useful to you. But our links to other sites are not an endorsement. We don't continually monitor the linked sites and we don't guarantee either their content or the quality of your specific experience while visiting them.
Links from this site to pages and articles within other Web sites are generally accompanied by a link to the site's home page, in cases where the home page URL is not obvious from the link. Links to pages and articles within sites are included as a positive reference only and no attempt is made to modify or "unbundle" the content in these links or the source websites.
Links from other sites to Concepts' website are welcome.
APEX ALERTSAPEX News
2021 APEX AWARDS
A note to our loyal customers --
APEX Awards is on Social Media.  Click on any of the icons below to follow us.
Results for last year's competition, APEX 2020, can be viewed here.
Best of luck in APEX 2021!
Ken Turtoro
Executive Editor
The APEX Awards
Communications Concepts, Inc.
Online Payments
APEX UPDATESTo reach us by regular mail, please address your correspondence to:
Communications Concepts, Inc.
6604 Richmond Road, #19
Williamsburg, VA  23188-7233
You may reach us by phone at  703-643-2200 or via email at info@ApexAwards.com.
See Frequently Asked Questions about APEX 2021.
To be notified of any APEX news or updates, just sign up to receive our free email newsletter, Writer's Web Watch.
• If you wish to recognize participating staff and vendors for previous APEX winning entries, you can order additional APEX Award certificates.
• Award winners may download the APEX logo to display on their websites and in their publications.
• APEX entrants automatically receive an email receipt upon payment for entries. However, if you need an additional receipt for your entries, just complete the easy online receipt form.
APEX BLOGClick to access our WordPress Blog!
The judges comment on the APEX® Awards, as well as writing, editing, publishing and media topics.WINNING IDEAS FROM APEX
See top award-winning APEX entries below.WWW.MCKNIGHTS.COMwww.mcknights.com --
McKnight's Staff, McKnight's Long-Term Care News, Northfield, IL ...
"You could get lost in this homepage, and happily so. It's huge, and the visually interesting layout (nothing 'trick', mind you) contains an enormous depth and range of topics as you scroll down the very long page. In theory, so much data on a home page shouldn't work, but it does. Each story offers both a functional, descriptive head and a short deck to give readers a quick sense of the article. Pros in this field can keep their finger on the pulse just by skimming the homepage. But, of course, many drill through to read the full articles -- the whole point -- and other site resources, easily tapped via the drop down menus."   Privacy, Security & eCommerce Policies
Terms of Use
Credits
© Copyright 2021 Communications Concepts, Inc. - All Rights Reserved.