https://www.glynnis.net/privacy-policy/
Home
Books
The Warrior Maids of Rivenloch
The Warrior Daughters of Rivenloch
The Knights of de Ware
Medieval Outlaws
Scottish Lasses
California Legends
Boxed Sets & Anthologies
Translations
German
Italian
Printable Booklist
About
Extras
Media
Monthly Giveaway
Contact
Join VIP Reader’s Clan
More
Sign up for FREE ebooks!
Follow on FacebookJoin Facebook GroupFollow on TwitterFollow on InstagramFollow on PinterestFollow on Good Reads
Get Latest News
Join VIP Readers Clan
Privacy Policy
Glynnis Campbell is committed to safeguarding the privacy of her website visitors and newsletter subscribers.
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for glynnis.net. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to deliver a requested item.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address given on our website:
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
This policy applies to instances where we are acting as a data controller with respect to the personal data of website visitors and mailing list subscribers. In other words, where we determine the purposes and means of the processing of that personal data.
What data is being collected?
Newsletter
In order to join Glynnis Campbell’s newsletter, an email address must be collected, as it is currently the only way in which the newsletter is delivered. In addition, you may also choose to provide optional details such as your name, your country, your preferred book vendor, etc., which may be used to better provide you the content most relevant to the information you requested.
We may process mailing list subscriber data (“account data”). The account data may include your name, your email, your country, your vendor preference, your open rates and click-through history, and any other information you voluntarily provide. You, via the mailing list provider (in this case: MadMimi) are the source of the account data. The account data may be processed for the purposes of operating the mailing list, and sending you the relevant notifications and/or newsletters. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our mailing list to provide requested services to its voluntary subscribers, as well as your explicit consent to enter into such a contract.
Website and Mailing List Usage Data
We may process data about your use of Glynnis Campbell’s website, mailing list, and social media. The usage data may include your IP address, browser type and version, geographical location, length of visit, operating system, page views, referral source and website navigation paths, as well as information about the timing, frequency and pattern of such interactions. In this case, the source of the usage data is Stat Counter and Google Analytics. The usage data may be processed for the purposes of analyzing the use of Glynnis Campbell’s website and services. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely monitoring and improving our website and services.
Cookies
A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
This website uses for the following purposes: authentication, logged-in status, personalization, security, advertising, and analysis.
Insofar as those cookies are not strictly necessary for the provision of requested information and services, we will ask you to consent to our use of cookies when you first visit our website.
Our service providers use cookies and those cookies may be stored on your computer when you visit our website.
Social Media
If you communicate with Glynnis Campbell via social media (e.g. follow on Twitter, friend on Facebook) we may process information included in your personal profile (“profile data”). The profile data may include your name, email address, profile picture, gender, birthday, and related interests (e.g. joining Glynnis Campbell’s historical romance Facebook group.) The profile data may be processed for the purposes of enabling and monitoring associated services. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our social media offerings.
Direct Contact
If you contact Glynnis Campbell or her assistant via the email addresses listed on this website, or any other venue, we may process information contained in any communication you submit to us (“correspondence data”). This correspondence data may be processed for the purposes of communicating with you, offering, marketing or selling relevant goods and/or services to you, and record-keeping. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website, business, and communications, as well as your consent when you initiated contact.
Legal Usage
We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the protection and assertion of our legal rights, your legal rights and the legal rights of others.
We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, or obtaining professional advice. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper protection of our business against risks.
We may also process any of your personal data where such processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
We may also disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
Will the data be shared with any third parties?
Glynnis Campbell’s website and mailing list are exclusively for her use only, as is any non-personally identifiable data collected by any Google Analytics code, Facebook pixel, or any other method. Your information is never sold, rented, shared, or otherwise disseminated with third parties.
We may disclose your data to any member of the Glynnis Campbell team (e.g. personal assistant) insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes, and on the legal bases, set out in this policy.
We may disclose limited data to a third-party provider (e.g. Bookfunnel, Instafreebie) for the purpose of enabling them to contact you so that they can provide a requested item or service. Each such third party will act as a data controller in relation to the enquiry data that we supply to it; and upon contacting you, each such third party will supply to you a copy of its own privacy policy, which will govern that third party’s use of your personal data.
How will the information be used?
As mentioned above, the data collected is used to better deliver the service or action you have directly or indirectly requested, for example, inclusion in Glynnis Campbell’s mailing list, display of relevant information, or successful delivery of a requested ebook or physical book.
How long will the data be stored?
Google, Facebook, Twitter, Stat Counter, Rafflecopter, Instafreebie, BookFunnel and any other third parties’ information is stored according to the respective companies’ policies, and does not share any personally identifiable information with Glynnis Campbell, except in the case of public posts. (e.g. If you send Glynnis Campbell a message via social media, she may then see that message, and any public information your public profile is configured to allow, such as your name.) Glynnis Campbell does not store the data housed in third-party sites.
Glynnis Campbell does store mailing list data, in order to better serve those who have voluntarily subscribed and to ensure those who have unsubscribed do not receive future mailings. Historic data may be kept on other interactions, e.g. any comments you have left on the blog are stored in the website database unless deleted, any emails you have sent are stored in her email inbox unless deleted, etc.
In most cases, it is not possible for us to specify in advance the periods for which your personal data will be retained.
What rights do you have?
Your principal rights under data protection law are:
the right to access;
the right to rectification;
the right to erasure;
the right to restrict processing;
the right to object to processing;
the right to data portability;
the right to complain to a supervisory authority; and
the right to withdraw consent.
Amendments
We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are content with any changes to this policy. We may notify mailing list subscribers of significant changes to this policy by email.
Updates
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page.
Questions?
Please contact us at any time.
Parts of this document were created using a template from SEQ Legal (https://seqlegal.com).
https://www.website-contracts.co.uk/privacy-and-cookies-policy.html (Template for purchase to cover GDPR)
Home  »  Privacy Policy
Where to Buy My BooksMy books are also available for purchase in the UK, Australia, Canada, Italy, Germany, and more than 50 other countries.
Sign up for FREE ebooks!
Home
Books
The Warrior Maids of Rivenloch
The Warrior Daughters of Rivenloch
The Knights of de Ware
Medieval Outlaws
Scottish Lasses
California Legends
Boxed Sets & Anthologies
Translations
German
Italian
Printable Booklist
About
Extras
Media
Monthly Giveaway
Contact
Join VIP Reader’s Clan
Follow on FacebookJoin Facebook GroupFollow on TwitterFollow on InstagramFollow on PinterestFollow on Good Reads