http://www.bifa.org.uk/privacy-policy/email/
Emails & Comms Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to The British Independent Film Awards. This privacy statement provides information about the personal information that The British Independent Film Awards collects, and the ways in which The British Independent Film Awards uses that personal information.
Personal information collection
The British Independent Film Awards may collect and use your personal contact information and any other information that you send to The British Independent Film Awards.
We collect this information to allow us to carry out our main activities of supporting and promoting British independent film.
Using personal information
The British Independent Film Awards may use your personal information to contact you about our plans and activities.
Where The British Independent Film Awards discloses your personal information to its agents or sub-contractors for these purposes, the agent or sub-contractor in question will be obligated to use that personal information in accordance with the terms of this privacy statement.
In addition to the disclosures reasonably necessary for the purposes identified elsewhere above, The British Independent Film Awards may disclose your personal information to the extent that it is required to do so by law, in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings, and in order to establish, exercise or defend its legal rights.
Securing of your data
The British Independent Film Awards will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
The British Independent Film Awards will store all the personal information you provide on secure servers.
Cross-border data transfers
Information that The British Independent Film Awards collects may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which The British Independent Film Awards operates to enable the use of the information in accordance with this privacy policy.
In addition, personal information that you submit for publication on the website will be published on the internet and may be available around the world.
You agree to such cross-border transfers of personal information.
Your rights
The British Independent Film Awards has a Legitimate Interest in the retention of your personal information in order to carry out its business activities and will retain your personal information until you ask us to delete it. You may ask for your data to be deleted at any time by emailing hello@bifa.film. You also have the right to complain about our handling of your data by contacting the Information Commissioner’s Office
Sign up for the latest news
Email Address
Marketing Permissions
British Independent Film Awards will use the information you provide on this form to be in touch with you and to provide updates. Please confirm that you are happy to hear from us:
Yes please to news!
You can change your mind at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in the footer of any email you receive from us, or by contacting us at hello@bifa.film. We will treat your information with respect. For more information about our privacy practices please visit our website. By clicking below, you agree that we may process your information in accordance with these terms.
We use Mailchimp as our marketing platform. By clicking below to subscribe, you acknowledge that your information will be transferred to Mailchimp for processing. Learn more about Mailchimp's privacy practices here.
Subscribe