https://www.fords.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to Main Content
An update from Director Paul R. Tetreault on anti-racist work and the 2020-2021 season at Ford’s Theatre.
Read Statement
Close
Privacy Policy
Breadcrumb
Home
Privacy Policy
Fords.org is vigilant about protecting your data and personal privacy.
Retention and Use of Personal Information: Ford’s Theatre respects your ability to make informed choices about the collection and uses of your personal information. When you access this website, some information—such as your IP address, and your email address—may be automatically collected as part of the operation of this Web site. We may use this information to generate user profiles and to personalize our Web site to your particular interests. We may require you to provide your age and date of birth in order to insure compliance with U.S. government restrictions on Web sites' providing content to, and acquiring information from, children. Any such personal information as may from time to time be collected from this Web site is stored indefinitely. Ford’s Theatre may collect and share statistical information about its users with third-party associates with whom we share content-providing services. Ford’s Theatre has implemented Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting, which collects data such as age, gender and interests. We may use this information to refine website content, to target online advertising to specific audiences and to support fundraising requests. Ford’s Theatre does not share information with organizations other than its own associates, and does not sell its subscriber information. Any personal information we collect may be used for such purposes as processing transactions, customer service, marketing, product and service development, and facilitating subsequent use of this Web site. Because of the nature of the Internet, such data may pass through any country. Unless you opt out (see below), you hereby consent to this policy, and we may from time to time notify you of new products or services, or other information that may interest you. You may also receive similar notifications from our third-party associates. We also reserve the right to disclose any such personal information if required to do so by law, or in the good faith belief that such action is reasonably necessary to comply with legal process, respond to claims, or protect the rights, property or safety of our company, employees, customers, or the public.
Opt-Out: If you do not want to receive promotional information from Ford’s Theatre, please contact us at onstage [at] fords.org. We will take reasonable steps to deactivate your name from our marketing lists when we receive your request. However we will not be responsible for recalling information we may have already provided to our third-party associates prior to receiving and processing your opt-out request. Please note: Ford’s Theatre will never share or trade your email address with a third party unless you have given us permission to do so. If you would like to opt-out of having your data collected and used by Google Analytics, click here.
Children: It is not our intention to collect personal information from anyone under 13 years of age. If you are under 13, we must have express written permission from a parent before you may use this site. The authorizing parent must e-mail us, certifying the parent's age and authority, and giving us express permission to acquire and retain any such personal information from you as we may normally obtain from users of this site.
Changes: Ford’s Theatre reserves the right to change the terms of its privacy policy at any time. If we do change this privacy policy, we will post the changes on this Web site. We encourage you to review this privacy policy each time you visit our Web site to make sure you understand our current policy on collecting and using customer information.
Limitation: It is Ford’s Theatre intention that this Privacy Policy apply only to Ford’s Theatre online data retention and collection activities. The Policy does not apply to any offline practices of the Ford’s Theatre.
Cookies. Fords.org uses software tags called "cookies" to identify when users visit our site. Cookies remember user preferences and allow us to tailor our services to the customers needs. Additionally, cookies help us identify returning users to fords.org so that we do not have to ask them to enter their emails and passwords with every visit. The information we collect with cookies is not sold, rented, or shared with any outside parties. We cannot provide subscription services to users who do not give their consent to the data processing carried out through cookies or whose browsers are set to reject all cookies.
Information Security. All information gathered on the site is stored and maintained in secure facilities that limit access to authorized personnel only. The Ford’s Theatre Web site is regularly tested for security breaches to ensure that all information collected is secure from unauthorized viewing. Personal information on our customers is protected in transit via HTTPS and SSL security. Credit card information has multiple layers of security, including encryption in storage and SSL in transit.
CAN-SPAM Act Compliance. Ford’s Theatre is compliant with the CAN-SPAM Act (Public Law 108-187) and is committed to following all aspects of this law.
Close
Search
submit
Site Navigation
Performances
Expand Performances
+
Current & Upcoming
Virtual Play Reading Series
A Christmas Carol: The Radio Play
Discounts
Gift Certificates
Past Productions
Visit
Expand Visit
+
Historic Site
Virtual Tour
Virtual Events and Special Tours
One Destiny Play
Accessibility
Visitor Guidelines
Nearby Dining
Parking & Metro
Lincoln's Assassination
Expand Lincoln's Assassination
+
Lincoln's Death
Investigating the Assassination
Impact on a Nation
Ford’s Theatre History
For Teachers
Expand For Teachers
+
Programs
Digital Programs
Teaching Oratory
Teaching Lincoln's Assassination & Legacy
All Teaching Resources
Global Actions
Saved Items
0
Search
Cart
Utility Navigation
Get Tickets
View Cart
Saved for Later
Log In
Log Out
Secondary Navigation
Message from Director
Calendar
Group Sales
Join & Give
E-Newsletter
Log in
Log out
Footer Navigation
About
Contact
Blog
Store
Visit Us
Visit Us
Ford's Theatre
511 10th St. NW
Washington,
DC
20004
Google Maps Directions
Call Us
General
(202) 347-4833
Tickets
(888) 616-0270
Membership
(202) 434-9545
Group Sales
(202) 638-2367
Close
Save for Later
Close
Explore more things to save while you plan your visit.
Close Saved For Later
Use the toolbar at the top of the site to access your saved content any time.
Close