https://www.looperman.com/help/terms
Click Here for new free VSTs & plugins added daily
Register
Log In
Home
Loops & Samples
Acapellas
Software
Tracks
Blog
Forum
Users
Help
Terms And Conditions
This agreement describes the terms and conditions applicable to your use of our services for both registered and non registered users at looperman.com.
We may amend this agreement at any time by posting the amended terms on our
site. All amended terms shall automatically be effective as soon as they are posted on our site.
By completing the registration process and clicking the "Register" button or by logging into to the site you are stating that you agree to be bound by all of the terms and conditions of this agreement.
REGISTRATION OBLIGATIONS
As a condition of using looperman.com, you agree to: (a) provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the registration form and (b) to maintain and update this information to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. If any information provided by you on these forms is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, we have the right to terminate this agreement and refuse any and all current or future use of the Services.
You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your account or any other breach of security.
OFFENSIVE CONTENT / BEHAVIOR
Users
agree to treat each other with respect at all times. Posting of any content that could be deemed offensive (including but not limited to images, text and audio ) will not be tolerated and content may be removed.
Looperman staff accept no responsibility for content posted by users and do not monitor every post, upload, comment or users profile pages. Its the responsibility of other users to report anything they feel is offensive and Looperman staff will cast the final judgement on what action may or may not be taken.
MISUSE AND ABUSE OF SERVICES
We strictly prohibit unauthorised access or downloading of data using any computer program including but not limited to downloaders, page scrapers, data mining, web scraping, and automated data extraction or remote protocols or technologies. You agree to not use any robot, spider, rover, scraper, or any other data mining technology or automatic or manual process to monitor, cache, frame, mask, extract data from, copy or distribute the Materials (except as may be a result of standard search engine or internet browser usage)
NEWLETTERS AND EMAILS
As a member of looperman.com you agree that we may send you an occasional newsletter. Our newsletter may contain information regarding updates to looperman.com, interesting articles, sponsored information and or member offers from third parties. We will not pass on your contact
details to any third parties and all email will be sent from looperman.com. Should you wish to not receive any contact from looperman.com you may at any time cancel your membership via the 'My Profile' section of the members area.
LINKS AND OUTSIDE CONTENT
We are not responsible for the content of outside web sites.
FEES & CHARGES
Use of the website is FREE of charge unless otherwise stated.
LICENSE GRANT
By uploading or providing content in any way you hereby grant to us a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free license to
reproduce,
distribute, publicly perform, publicly display and digitally perform the
content in whole or in part both via the website or any third party or external platform.
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
You represent and warrant that:
(a) the content is your own original work, and contains no material that has
been sampled from copyrighted works belonging to third parties; (b) the Material
does not and will not infringe on any third party's copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary rights; (c) the material does not
and will not violate any law, statute, ordinance or regulation; (d) the material
is not and will not be libellous, defamatory, pornographic or obscene; (e) the Material
does not and will not contain any viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs or other programming routines that detrimentally interfere with,
intercept or expropriate any system, data or personal information; (f) you will
not use the Services for business purposes*; (g)
your content does not and will not create any liability on the part of looperman,
its subsidiaries, affiliates, successors, and assigns, and their respective employees, agents, directors, officers and/or shareholders.
LIABILITY FOR CONTENT
You
acknowledge and agree that looperman stores content and other information at the direction, request and with the authorisation of its users, (ii) acts merely as a passive conduit and/or host for the uploading, storage and distribution of such content, and (iii) plays no active role and gives no assistance in the presentation or use of the content. You are solely responsible for all of your own content that you upload, post or distribute to, on or through the platform, and to the extent permissible by law, looperman excludes all liability with respect to all content (including your content) and the activities of its users with respect thereto.
You acknowledge and agree that looperman cannot and does not review the legality of content created or uploaded by its users, and neither looperman nor its subsidiaries, affiliates, successors, assigns, employees, agents, directors, officers and shareholders has any obligation, and does not undertake or assume any duty, to monitor the platform for content that is inappropriate, that does or might infringe any third party rights, or has otherwise been uploaded in breach of these terms of use or applicable law.
looperman and its subsidiaries, affiliates, successors, assigns, employees, agents, directors, officers and shareholders hereby exclude, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any and all liability which may arise from any content uploaded to the platform by users, including, but not limited to, any claims for infringement of intellectual property rights, rights of privacy or publicity rights, any claims relating to publication of defamatory, pornographic, obscene or offensive material, or any claims relating to the completeness, accuracy, currency or reliability of any information provided by users on the website. By using the platform, you irrevocably waive the right to assert any claim with respect to any of the foregoing against looperman or any of its subsidiaries, affiliates, successors, assigns, employees, agents, directors, officers or shareholders.
UPLOADING MEDIA TO LOOPS AREA
You acknowledge and agree that any and all media uploaded to the loops section is 100% your own work and that you own the copyright to such works. You acknowledge and agree that other users may use the media you upload to the loops area royalty free in their own projects as long as their projects abide by the terms and conditions as set out in our copyright and use of loops statement. You acknowledge and agree that you are bound by this agreement even if you choose to remove uploaded media from looperman.com.
COPYRIGHT AND USE OF LOOPS
All samples and loops are free to use in commercial and non commercial projects*. You may NOT use or re-distribute any media from the loops section of looperman.com "as is" either for free or commercially on any other web site, free sample site, loop or sample cd, cover mount disk, ap, game, software or any other format or medium without the prior consent from the original creator of the file. For example you cant take the loops listed here and offer them as loops on your own site.
While you may use loops in your own productions / tracks / video soundtracks etc you can NOT claim copyright of those loops as is or as part of your orignal composition. You may claim copyright of your composition but NOT of any content that is downloaded from looperman.com.
*Should you wish to use a loop for commercial or non-commercial purposes its your own responsibility to ensure that anything downloaded from looperman.com is legally available for use. Whilst we do our best to vet any loops uploaded we can not offer a 100% guarantee and will not be held responsible for their use. Please do your own due diligence and where necessary reach out to the user who uploaded and the file.
UPLOADING MEDIA TO TRACKS AREA
You acknowledge and agree that any and all media you upload to the tracks section is 100% your own work and that you own the copyright to such works.
COPYRIGHT AND USE OF TRACKS
All media uploaded to the tracks section remains the copyright of its creator and may not be distributed, mixed, edited or used in any way without the prior consent of the original creator of the file.
UPLOADING MEDIA TO ACAPELLAS AREA
You acknowledge and agree that any and all media you upload to the acapellas section is 100% your own work and that you own the copyright to such works. You acknowledge and agree that other users may use the media you upload to the acapellas area in their own projects as long as their projects abide by the terms and conditions as set out in our copyright and use of acapellas statement. All media uploaded to the acapellas section must, at a minimum be available to use in a non commercial way. You may request that users consult you prior to any commercial use. Should you not agree to your acapellas being used, at a minimum, non commercially you should not upload.
COPYRIGHT AND USE OF ACAPELLAS
All media uploaded to the acapellas section remains the copyright of its creator. Although most users who upload acapellas are happy for their acapellas to be used for free for non-commercial projects
it is your responsibility to check the individual terms of use of each acapella or contact the creator directly to be granted permission. Should you wish to use an acapella in a commercial project you must contact the copyright owner / original creator and arrange licence to use their work.
You may NOT re-distribute any material from the acapellas section of looperman.com as is either for free or commercially on any other web site, free content website,
sample cd, cover mount disk, ap, game, software on any other web site or any other format or medium without the prior consent of the original creator of the file.. For example you cant take the acapellas listed here and offer them on your own site. Should you wish to use an acapella for commercial purposes its your own responsibility to ensure that anything downloaded from looperman.com is legally available for use.
BREACH OF COPYRIGHT
If you feel that content found on looperman.com is in breach of copyright please refer to our Copyright Policy.
BREACH OF TERMS
Without limiting other remedies, we may immediately issue a warning, temporarily suspend, indefinitely suspend or terminate your account and refuse to provide our services to you: (a) if you breach this agreement; (b) if we are unable to verify or authenticate any information you provide to us; (c) if we believe that your actions may cause legal liability for you, our users
or customers or us (d) or for any other reason that we choose. We will in most cases give a warning but hold the right to suspend, terminate, limit or delete your account or any part of at any time without warning, question or explanation for any reason we see fit.
TERMINATION OR LIMITATION OF SERVICES
Should your account be suspended you may request that any remaining content related to your account be removed and your account be deleted. This is apart from content posted to the forums where removal of such content would leave the forum topics disjointed. With this said we do not guarantee to remove any content and will not be bound by any time restrictions for the removal of such content.
MODIFICATIONS ETC.
We reserve the right to modify or discontinue any or all parts of looperman.com to any individual, country or globally, temporarily or permanently, with or without notice to you.
INDEMNIFICATION
You agree to indemnify looperman or any of its subsidiaries, affiliates, successors, assigns, employees, agents, directors, officers or shareholders harmless from any and all damages and costs, including
consequential, indirect or incidental damages, arising out of or
in connection with the website, our services or this agreement.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
We provide our web site and services "As is" without warranty of ANY kind.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
In no event shall looperman or any of its subsidiaries, affiliates, successors, assigns, employees, agents, directors, officers or shareholders be liable for lost
profits or any consequential, indirect or incidental damages arising out of or
in connection with the website, our services or this agreement. Under no
circumstances shall our liability to pay compensation under this agreement
exceed £1.00.
APPLICABLE LAW
This agreement shall be governed in all respects
by the laws of Great Britain.
Help Options
Having problems logging in
Help with registering your account
How to manage your account & profile
Help with loops
Help with acapellas
Help with tracks
Help with the forums
Help with comments
Report a problem
Useful Links
Contact looperman
Advertise on looperman
Our sponsors
Legal Info
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
FTC disclosure
Copyright & DMCA policy
Site Stats
Total Loops : 167620
Total Acapellas : 10679
Total Tracks : 125601
Total Software : 821
Total Comments : 765931
Forum Threads : 36638
Forum Posts : 245566
Help & Info
All your questions answered
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Manage Consent
Copyright / DMCA
FTC Disclosure
Our Sponsors
Advertise
Contact Us
Social Networks
Join Us On Facebook
Join Us On Twitter
Join Us On Youtube
Join Us On Instagram
Join Us On Soundcloud
Join Us On Vimeo
Copyright © 2020
Looper Time : 2020-12-11 05:49:35 | Version l-3110