http://www.worldwidefreelance.com/privacy/
Privacy Policy - Worldwide Freelance Writer
Skip to content
Worldwide Freelance Writer
Search for:
Home
Writer’s Markets
Blog
Article Templates
Writers’ Store
Newsletter
About
Worldwide Freelance Writer
How to be a freelance writer. We'll also keep you informed of freelance writing jobs and thousands of writer's markets.
Home
Writer’s Markets
Blog
Article Templates
Writers’ Store
Newsletter
About
Privacy Policy
At Worldwide Freelance, we are committed to maintaining the trust and confidence of visitors to our web site and subscribers to our mailing list. Here you’ll find information on how we treat data that we collect from visitors to our website, or when someone subscribes to our mailing list.
1. Visitors to Our Website.
Our website uses cookies. Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your personal computer, mobile or other device when you visit a website. Cookies are then sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognizes that cookie. Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognize a user's device.
When someone visits www.worldwidefreelance.com we use a third party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behavior patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone. If we do want to collect personally identifiable information through our website, we will be up front about this. We will make it clear when we collect personal information and will explain what we intend to do with it.
Also, we use Facebook and Google tracking pixels to assist with tracking website visitors. Occasionally we may run targeted advertising campaigns on networks such as Google Adsense and Facebook Ads, using this tracking data as the basis for customized audiences for the ads. For a detailed explanation, please read our Cookie Policy.
2. Purchase of Products and Services
When you purchase a product, subscription or membership from WorldwideFreelance.com, your name and email address (and, where provided, your address and contact number) will be recorded in our account records at our Payment Processor, either PayPal or ClickBank. We also routinely back up the data from these transactions to a PC in our office in New Zealand. This information is only used for verification of purchases, processing of refunds, and tax purposes where the customer's country of residence may affect the applicable sales tax. We do not share or sell this information with any third parties.
3. Mailing List Subscribers
Our mailing lists are all "confirmed opt-in" meaning that each subscriber receives an email requiring them to confirm their wish to subscribe.
As part of the registration process for our email newsletter or mailing list, we collect personal information. Your details will remain strictly confidential and will only be used for the posting of our Worldwide Freelance Writer newsletter, and messages from us relating to our web site, our newsletter(s) and writing-related offers.
We use a third party provider, Aweber, to deliver our newsletter and emails. We gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies to help us monitor and improve our email newsletter. For more information, please see Aweber’s privacy notice.
You can unsubscribe to our mailing list at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of our emails or by emailing our data protection officer Gary McLaren.
4. Paid Memberships of Worldwide Freelance
Any paid membership of our website can be cancelled at any time by a member. Cancellation of paid memberships may not be eligible for refund, depending upon the particular product.
5. We May Disclose Your Personal Information ONLY IF...
...we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service. Also, if our site is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that they may continue to sell and support our products and services.
Related Documents:
Cookie Policy
Terms & Conditions
Follow:
Membership Login
Username or Email:
Password:
signup now | forgot password?
Remember Me
Advertisement
Getting Started as a Freelance WriterFreelance Writing – A Career From Anywhere
What is Freelance Writing?
Freelance Writing Jobs
Writer’s Markets Database
Search ArticlesSearch All ItemsAll Articles (55)
Write for In-Flight Magazines & Watch Your Freelance Business Fly
Social Media for Writers
Consumer Notice We carefully consider which products and services we recommend however you should know that we do have an affiliate relationship with many suppliers.
That means we may earn commissions if you visit another site through our links and buy something. You should always perform due diligence before making any purchase... through the Internet or offline.
Copyright © 1999 – 2020 Altavado Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
© Copyright 1999 - 2020 Altavado Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy