https://www.grizedale.org/privacy
We take your privacy seriously and do our best to make sure we do get only the minimum information from you and treat it in a secure and respectful manner, and only use it to make sure we survive as an organisation.
Who we are
Grizedale Arts are a registered Charity, an Arts Organisation.
Our address is
Coniston Institute, Yewdale Road, Coniston, Cumbria, LA21 8DU, United Kingdom
Phone:+44 (0)15394 41050
Email: contact@grizedale.org
Company number: 03776969Registered Charity Number: 1076662
How we use your data:
Cookies
We use cookies on our website. Some are provided by our Content Management System to test that users are real people and not robots. Some are provided by Google Analytics for the purpose of tracking visitors to our website so that we can see what content is being accessed from where in the world.
Mailing Lists
If you subscribe to our mailinglist we will keep your email address in our list until such time as you request to be removed. We currently manage our Mailing Lists with MailChimp. We do not share our subscription list with any other parties and will not sell your information. You can remove yourself from our lists at any time.
Shop
If you purchase an item from our shop we will keep your details on file for as long as is legally required under UK distance selling regulations. We will not use your details for any other purpose and we will not sell them to anyone else. We use PayPal to process our payment transactions and by using them you will be subject to their Terms & Conditions and policies.
Third Party Embeds
We include content from third part websites, including but not limited to Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, YouTube and Vimeo. When this content is loaded whatever consent you have provided to these platforms will govern what data is shared with them.
Access to Data
Access to personal data is only provided as needed to those at Grizedale Arts, and to their data processors.
Web Developer
As well as the above date processors our Web Developer, The Useful Arts, may process data on our behalf.