https://www.wtamu.edu/about/information/link-policy-and-privacy-statement.html#forms
SKIP TO PAGE CONTENT
Home
About
Information
Link Policy and Privacy Statement
In This Section
Menu
Closings and Delays
Coronavirus (COVID-19) Information
Coronavirus (COVID-19) Information
Important COVID-19 Campus Information
Keeping You Safe This Fall
Face Covering FAQ
COVID-19 Testing Information
COVID-19 Campus Guide for Students
Student Guide for COVID-19 Positive Tests and Symptoms
COVID-19 Campus Guide for Employees
Employee Guide for COVID-19 Positive Tests and Symptoms
University Sponsored Travel Guidance during COVID-19
Program and Event Guidelines
Updates from President Wendler
November 13: The Anatomy of a Complex Decision about Graduation
August 24: Culture and Energy on Campus
August 21: Return to Campus Guidelines
August 20: Student Athletes
August 16: Fear and Focus
August 10: COVID-19 Drives School Choice
August 3: Cost/Quality Differentials, Online/On-Campus Study
July 26: Life on Campus
July 19: Strength of Working Together Overcomes Fear
June 29: COVID-19 Updates and Reminders
President Wendler Announces Plans to Reopen for Fall 2020
Coronavirus Families First Coronavirus Response Act (FFCRA) Information
Individual Responsibility and COVID-19
Directory Search
Future Students
Current Students
Parents and Family
Visitors
Faculty & Staff
Contact Us
News Contact Us
Quick Links
Quick Facts
Departmental Directory
Experts Directory
Experts List Questionnaire
Accreditation
Economic Value of WT
Emergency Information
Emergency Operations Plan
Emergency Procedures - Influenza Information
Rules and Procedures
Rules and Procedures Drones
General Data Protection Regulation
Open Records
House Bill 2504 Requirements
Link Policy and Privacy Statement
University Statements
Link Policy
West Texas A&M University is committed to abiding by the link policy set forth by the Texas DIR State Website Linking and Privacy Policy (PDF - opens new window) meaning that advance permission to link to WTAMU's website(s) is not necessary; however, be aware that WTAMU subpages may change at any time without notice. Entities and individuals linking to the WTAMU website must continuously verify links to our subpages.
Entities and individuals linking to the WTAMU website, or any of its entities, shall not capture WTAMU pages within frames, present WTAMU content as its own, or otherwise misrepresent WTAMU content. Furthermore, they shall not misinform users about the origin or ownership of WTAMU content. Certain information on the WTAMU website may be trademarked, service-marked, or otherwise protected as intellectual property. Protected intellectual property must be used in accordance with state and federal laws and must reflect the proper ownership of the intellectual property.
Any link to the WTAMU website should be a full forward link that passes the client browser to WTAMU unencumbered.
The "Back" button should return the visitor to original site if the visitor wishes to back out.
In accordance with the recommendations from Texas DIR, the following disclaimer and guidelines are applicable to all webpages pertaining to www.wtamu.edu.
Disclaimer: West Texas A&M University disclaims responsibility for the accessibility, security or content accuracy of information for external (non www.wtamu.edu) website content. The liability of such pages rests on the site owner of the respective site.
External Website Content
In instances where West Texas A&M University, or its entities, manage content on external webpages (i.e. Facebook, Twitter or external website) the accuracy of information is entrusted to the applicable site administrator(s). These site administrators are employees of West Texas A&M University and by this employment agree to WTAMU's values of Honesty, Hard Work and Integrity. Any misrepresentation of West Texas A&M University, or its entities, on these or any other medium by WTAMU employees or non-employees should be reported to the Office of Communication and Marketing, aunderwood@wtamu.edu. West Texas A&M University disclaims the responsibility for inaccurate or misleading information (including copyright violations, slander, libel, defamation and invasion of privacy) on external webpages. The responsibility of such actions rests on the individual.
Accessibility of External Content
West Texas A&M University has assembled an accessibility workgroup committed to making its electronic and information resources (EIR) accessible for all users in accordance with Section 508 of the Federal Rehabilitation Act (29 U.S.C. 794d), Texas Government Code Chapter 2054, Subchapter M, and the standards and specifications set forth by Texas Administrative Code Title 1, Chapter 206, Subchapter C, §§206.70 - 206.71 (TAC 206) and Texas Administrative Code Title 1, Chapter 213, Subchapter C, §§213.30 - 213.41 (TAC 213). Visit WTAMU's Accessibility page for more information.
WTAMU does not have direct control over the accessibility of external content and therefore disclaims any responsibility in the neglect or absence of standards set forth for institutions of higher education by the state or federal government. In instances where West Texas A&M University, or its entities, manage content on external webpages (i.e. Facebook, Twitter or external websites) administrator(s) should abide by the guidelines set by the Office of Communication and Marketing to ensure the most accessible content available on the medium. Questions or concerns should be addressed to the web communication manager, crea@wtamu.edu.
Privacy Statement
This Privacy Statement applies to the WTAMU homepage - www.wtamu.edu and any page within the University's site linking to it. Since the WTAMU web community consists of external websites, other websites may adopt different privacy and security statements as their specific needs require. The WTAMU website, www.wtamu.edu, contain links to various external websites. The University is not responsible for the privacy and security practices or the content of external websites linked to.
PurposeWest Texas A&M University respects your privacy and is committed to ensuring that any personal or confidential information that is collected is kept accurate and secure from unauthorized access. The University's homepage, and any other www.wtamu.edu webpage, does not collect personal information about visitors. We may, however, use third party analytics services that may use browser cookies to anomalously collect and track site usage information. This information is then analyzed as an aggregate, and no personally identifiable information is collected.
Information Gathered by WTAMUPersonal information that you provide via email or through other online means will be used only for purposes necessary to serve your needs, such as responding to an inquiry or other request for information. This may involve redirecting your inquiry or comment to another person or department better suited to meeting your needs.
Our site does use server logs to collect information concerning your internet connection and general information about your visit to our website. This information may be used to analyze trends; to create summary statistics for the purpose of determining technical design specifications; and to identify system performance or problem areas.This means we sometimes acquire, record, and analyze portions of the data that is entered into, stored on, and/or transmitted through this site by you. This information is only released - when legally required - to help law enforcement investigations, legal proceedings or internal investigations of WTAMU rule and regulation violations. These groups would use the information to track the electronic interactions back to the source computer(s) or account(s).
CookiesA cookie file contains unique information that a website can use to track such things as passwords, pages you have visited, the date you last looked at a specific page, and to identify your session at a particular website. We do not use cookies to track or collect any information that could personally identify individual visitors.
Server Log InformationThe following information is collected from server logs for analysis. Note that other servers across campus might collect different data elements.
User/client hostname - The hostname (or IP address if DNS is disabled) of the user/client requesting access
HTTP header, "user agent" - The user-agent information includes the type of browser, its version, and the operating system it is running on
HTTP header, "referrer" - The referrer specifies the page from which the client accessed the current page
System date - The date and time of the user/client request
Full request - The exact request the user/client made
Status - The status code the server returned to the user/client
Content length - The content length, in bytes, of the document sent to the user/client
Method - The request method used
Universal Resource Identifier (URI) - The location of a resource on the server
Query string of the URI - Anything after the question mark in a URI
Protocol - The transport protocol and version used
Access to InformationExcept for education records governed by FERPA, all information collected from this website, including the summary server log information, emails sent to the website, and information collected from web-based forms, may be subject to the Texas Public Information Act. This means that while WTAMU does not actively share information, but in some cases may be compelled by law to release information gathered from its web servers.The Texas Public Information Act, with a few exceptions, gives you the right to be informed about the information that this website collects about you. It also gives you the right to request a copy of that information, and to have the university correct any information that is wrong. You may request to receive and review any of that information, or request corrections to it, by contacting Mark Hiner, WT Box 60188, Canyon, Texas, 79016, at 806-651-2095.
Forms
Consistent with the Texas DIR State Website Linking and Privacy Policy, with few exceptions, state law gives you the right to request, receive, review, and correct information collected by forms.
In accordance with TAC Rule 206.72, any web-based form on an official University website that requests information from the public must have a link to the WTAMU Link Policy and Privacy Statement.
Our website uses Wufoo forms. Visit their website for more information about Wufoo and GDPR Compliance.
SecurityExtensive security measures consistent with the Texas Administrative Code (TAC) "Security Controls Catalog" and WTAMU Rules and Security Standards have been employed to protect against unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or destruction of information under our control, as well as the loss, misuse, or alteration of this website and/or associated electronic information resources. The information resources that support this site undergo an annual information security risk assessment. View our Security Policy.EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)The General Data Protection Regulation is a new data privacy law that applies to personal information collected in or from the European Union and European Economic Area.  West Texas A&M University respects your privacy and is committed to ensuring that any personal or confidential information that is collected is kept accurate and secure from unauthorized access. Personal information that you provide via email or through other online means will be used only for purposes necessary to serve your needs, such as responding to an inquiry or other request for information. The University is striving to achieve compliance with this new regulation. A data protection committee has been formed and a Data Protection Officer has been appointed. View additional information on GDPR.QuestionsIf you have any questions about the practices of this site or your use of this website, please contact:
Chris ReaWeb DirectorWest Texas A&M UniversityWT Box 60788Canyon, Texas 79016-0001(806) 651-2120crea@wtamu.edu