http://www.mso.com.au/terms-and-conditions-of-sale/
Skip To Content
Skip To Primary Navigation
Skip To Secondary Features
Navigation
Tickets & Performances
What's On
Season 2021
MSO online concerts
Cancelled and Rescheduled Concerts
Purchase Assurance
Ears Wide Open Online
Up Late with Ben Northey
Kids & Families
Muso
Student Membership
Gift Cards
Past Performances
About Us
Our Vision
Our People
Governance
Fact Sheets
MSO International
Employment
Contact
Box Office
Feedback
Contact Our Team
Southbank Redevelopment
MSO Coronavirus statement
Your Visit
Concert Programs
Our Venues
Terms & Conditions
What to Wear
FAQs
Southbank Redevelopment
Support Us
Give
Our Partners
Our Supporters
Education
Schools & Teachers
Kids & Families
Jams for Juniors Online
Educational Resources
MSO Learn
The Pizzicato Effect
MSO Education Partnerships
Snare Drum Award
Cybec
Symphony in a Day
PizzIMMERSION
Acknowledgement of Country
Hallelujah Chorus Virtual Choir
Media
News & Blog
Press Releases
Concert Broadcasts
Media Gallery
MSO Plays
Terms and Conditions of Sale
Terms of Use
Anyone using the MSO’s website does so with an understanding and acceptance of the following conditions:
All information on this site is provided in good faith. The MSO has taken all reasonable measures to ensure the information contained herein is accurate and current. All ticket sales are subject to availability and at the discretion of the MSO.
No liability is accepted for loss or damages incurred as a result of reliance upon material contained on this site and, by logging on, you will be deemed to have released and discharged the MSO from all liability which might arise.
The website provides links to other third party websites for your convenience and informational purposes only, and not for purposes of making any endorsement or recommendation thereof.
The MSO cannot control, takes no responsibility and does not make any warranty, express or implied, with respect to the content, privacy policy or practices of such linked websites.
The MSO is an Australian organisation and the prices displayed on this website, and in all publications – both online and print – are in Australian Dollars (AUD) only.
Tickets sold or issued by the MSO are subject to the Live Performance Australia (LPA) Ticketing Code of Practice - click here to visit the LPA website to download a PDF. and to MSO Terms and Conditions of sale. Any person purchasing a ticket or attending an event agrees to abide by these terms and conditions. The LPA’s ‘Safe Tix Guide’ is also available here.
Privacy Policy
The MSO abides by the Privacy Act and the National Privacy Principles. The MSO respects the privacy of its patrons and strictly adheres to the principles of the Privacy Act 1988. You can view our full Privacy Policy here or request a copy of this policy by writing to: MSO Privacy Officer, Reply Paid 9994, Melbourne VIC 3001.
Information submitted by the ticket buyer during the process of ticket booking may be shared with the venue for operational and contact tracing requirements in line with government regulations.
Right to Alter Details
The MSO reserves the right to change any element of a performance or its sales structure, including but not limited to reserves and pricing, at any time and without notice.
Pricing for any MSO product, including but not limited to single tickets and subscription prices, are subject to demand based dynamic pricing. This may see prices increase or decrease at any time during an on sale period for any given product. These changes may occur without notice.
Photography and Video
The MSO reserves the right to record, broadcast, telecast or webcast any event.
If you are photographed, filmed or taped whilst attending a MSO performance, you consent to MSO or third parties appointed by MSO photographing, filming and taping you. MSO or third parties appointed by MSO can broadcast, publish, license and use any photographs, film, recordings and images of you without compensation. MSO, the third parties and anyone acquiring from them a right to use the material are not liable to you in any way for its use.
Ticketing Terms and Conditions
Refunds
Tickets are non-refundable unless an event is cancelled, rescheduled or significantly re-located, as outlined in the LPA Ticketing Code of Practice. To obtain a copy of the LPA Code of Practice, please contact the MSO Box Office or download it from the LPA website. All ticket sales are final and non-refundable once the order has been processed. Learn more about performances cancelled and rescheduled due to COVID-19 restrictions.
Exchanges
MSO tickets* may be exchanged to another performance within the same concert season, subject to availability, a minimum of two full business day prior to the concert. The same number of performances must remain and seats comparable to those originally held cannot be guaranteed. Exchanges will be made based on the face value of the original ticket and the current pricing of the requested performance. Any variance in pricing will be payable by the ticket holder at the time of the exchange.
There are no fees for exchanging tickets from cancelled or rescheduled performances. All exchanges may still be subject to price differences.
MSO Subscribers receive fee-free exchanges all year long.
Exchanges cannot be carried out once a performance has commenced or occurred. Exchanges can be processed via email. For further information regarding exchanges please contact the MSO Box Office at boxoffice@mso.com.au.
If you are experiencing COVID-19 symptoms or are required to quarantine
If you are experiencing COVID-19 symptoms or are required to quarantine on the day of your performance, please contact the MSO Box Office by phone or email at your earliest convenience, at least 5 hours prior to the concert start time. You may exchange your tickets to another MSO performance or receive a gift card for the value of your tickets, valid for 3 years from date of issue.
Packaged or bundled discount offers
When the MSO bundles a selection of concerts together outside of standard Season Pass Subscription offerings (known as a package or bundle), the purchaser agrees to the following terms and conditions.
The minimum number of concerts stipulated in the offering must be selected and purchased to validate the offer. The instalment plan payment method is not available to those purchasing this type of offer. If for any reason you are able to select this payment method, including by error on the part of the MSO, you will be contacted to make full payment arrangements prior to your tickets being made available.
All ticket sales are final and non-refundable. Exchanges for these tickets are available at a cost of $7 per ticket, and must be relinquished at the MSO box office no later than 2 business days prior to the concert in order to be valid for exchange. The value of the individual ticket will be applied pro rata. For example, if you purchase a bundle which includes 3 concerts for $150 and later wish to exchange one concert for another you will receive the value of the purchased ticket pro rata, i.e. $50. This $50 credit can be put towards the face value of another concert. Please note that this applies to any exchange, including exchanges into concerts included in the original bundle.
Ticket exchanges can only occur on a one to one basis with any negative variance relinquished. For example, if you exchange a $50 ticket into a $25 concert, you cannot receive two tickets into that new concert.
For further information about exchanges please refer to the Refunds & Exchanges section above.
Subscriber discount tickets
Once you have purchased a valid subscription for any given season you will be considered to be a subscriber of that season. As a subscriber you will be entitled to many different discounts and rewards which you can see here. Your 10% off single tickets discount can be applied on top of all external, broadly advertised discount offering to the general public. i.e if the general public offer is given 15% you will be eligible for 25%. In the case where discounts are offered to a limited group subscribers will not be eligible for these discounts or to apply their 10% on top of these discounts.
Please note that performances that are not presented or ticketed by the MSO we are unable to offer our usual subscriber benefits, exchanges and refunds, and the redemption of Concert Cash cards. For further information, please contact our Box Office on (03) 9929 9600.
Lost tickets
Lost ticket vouchers will be issued for misplaced Season Pass Subscription tickets after contacting the MSO Box Office, for collection at the venue, from 60 minutes prior to the performance. Lost tickets cannot be exchanged.
Mystery seat tickets
All mystery seat tickets are subject to the following conditions:
Tickets will be venue collect only
You won’t know your allocation until you collect your ticket
No reserve will be guaranteed
Seats are individual, if you book more than one you will not be sitting next to each other
Please remember this is not suitable for children who need supervision as seats are individual
Subject to availability
Restricted view seats at special events
Some seats at these performances may have been deemed to have a restricted view.
These seats may have an impeded view of the performance – including screen at an “MSO at the Movies” performance – by way of either the conductor, musicians, parts of the building, or by the angle of the screen. These seats may also have an impeded view of the MSO musicians by the screen itself.
MSO Merchandise
Face Masks
For health and safety reasons, face masks are non refundable and returns or exchanges are not permitted.
Ticketing Prices, Fees and Charges
Postage Fee
A flat $2.00 postage fee is applicable to each order where the purchaser requests to have the tickets posted to them.
Tickets will be posted to the primary address given by the purchaser.
Ticket postage is an option to all ticket holders purchasing their ticket more than 8 days prior to the first concert date in their order.
The MSO reserves the right to retain any fees charged to the extent permitted by law.
Tickets purchased through third parties may incur additional fees and charges at the discretion of those parties.
The MSO reserves the right to change any element of a performance sales structure, including but not limited to reserves and pricing, at any time and without notice. If the amount paid for a ticket is incorrect regardless of whether an error in price is posted on the MSO website or otherwise communicated to you, or you are able to order a ticket before its scheduled on-sale or presale date, or you are able to order a ticket that was not supposed to have been released for sale, the MSO reserves the right to cancel that ticket (or the order containing the ticket) and refund the total amount paid. If any such refund is paid the MSO will not be liable for any other direct, consequential or indirect loss associated with the original transaction. This policy will apply regardless of whether the transaction was a human error or malfunction of this website or other ticketing system.
Transaction Fees
Unless otherwise stated, all MSO ticket sales are subject to a transaction fee of $5.00 per transaction for all online and phone orders and $2.50 for orders processed over the counter at the MSO Box Office, Arts Centre Melbourne, Hamer Hall, St Kilda Road level.
Student memberships
Student memberships entitle student card-holders to access $20 tickets to eligible concerts. Eligible concerts are subject to availability and may change with little or no notice. Limit two student tickets per transaction. Student member tickets close at 6pm, 2 business days before each concert unless sold out prior. Student member tickets can only be used by current students. Valid student ID may be requested upon entry for both the student member and their guest. Transaction fees may apply. Not to be used in conjunction with any other offer. To sign up for a student membership you must be 18 years or over and hold current, full-time student ID. If you are under 18 years old, you are eligible for the MSO’s Child Price. Details further down this page.
Family Tickets and Bookings
A family of 4 ticket consists of 2 Adults and 2 Children. A family ticket must be purchased in one transaction to receive the family price.
School Tickets and Group Bookings
Pre-payment of School Bookings are required for which a tax invoice will be provided. Refunds will not be given for cancellations made within eight weeks of a concert.
Group tickets must be purchased in one transaction and cannot be exchanged.
Installment Plans
When renewing or purchasing a Season Pass Subscription, you may opt to pay in full or in instalments. Instalment payments are only available if you choose to pay by credit card. A $10 instalment plan fee will be charged in addition to the total subscription cost. Charges will be deducted in four equal instalments from your credit card on the first Friday of each of the four months following your purchase. Donations included with your payment will be deducted and receipted in full when you place your booking. Any outstanding balances will be deducted in full in June of the purchased season.
Subscriptions bought using instalment plans are not eligible for the $4 per ticket early-bird discount.
Gift Cards
Prepaid Gift Cards are can be purchased and redeemed at the MSO Box Office and on the MSO Website. They are not redeemable for cash, no change will be given and they are valid for a 3-year period from the time of purchase. This card should be treated like cash. The MSO disclaims any responsibility for lost or stolen cards.
Promotional Gift Card with a nominated dollar value on the front of the card are only redeemable for specified products. Refer to the back of the card or call the MSO Box Office on 9929 9600.
All gift card purchases are subject to availability.
Concession Policies
Concessions must be Australian Issued and valid at the time of booking. Full or partial refunds are not available if you become eligible for a concession after you have booked. Proof of concession must be provided at the time of booking. Proof of concession may be required to be provided to gain access to the venue or event if being admitted on a concession ticket. Failure or refusal to provide valid proof of concession may result in non-admittance.
Concessions are available in most reserves for means-tested Government issued concessions. Full-time students and anyone aged 18 or under are also eligible for concession rates. However, tickets to most performances are available through the MSO’s Student Membership program and Child Prices are also available.
Seniors Cards
State Government-issued Seniors Card holders can access concession prices at Melbourne Town Hall and Chamber Series performances only. Proof of entitlement must be presented at the MSO Box Office at time of purchase.
Parking Vouchers
Parking vouchers can be pre-ordered with annual Season Pass Subscription tickets at a discounted rate. Lost parking vouchers cannot be replaced.
Wheelchair Seating
If you have purchased an accessible wheelchair seat directly from the box office (phone or counter) you will have been allocated a wheelchair bay in the venue not a fixed seat. If you should arrive without the need of a wheelchair you will not be able to see the performance, where the box office is unable to find alternative seating.
Companion Cards
A valid Companion Card or copy thereof must be sighted at the time of booking. Please contact the Box Office for further information.
Ticketing Policies
Tickets to MSO events are sold by the MSO Box Office and third parties including ticketing agents and venue box offices. Tickets purchased through third parties are subject to the terms and conditions outlined by those parties.
Update from 12/09/2019
Tickets may not, without the prior written consent of MSO, be resold or offered for resale for more than 110% of the original ticket price (including via online auction sites or resale agents) either by the original purchaser or any subsequent bearer. MSO reserves the right to cancel any ticket sold or offered for resale in breach of this condition, without notice and without a refund, and the ticketholder may be refused entry into the event.
Attendees must also abide by the terms and conditions of the venue in which the performance is held. The MSO adopts the Live Performance Australia (LPA) Code of Practice for the Ticketing of Live Entertainment in Australia, available for download here.
Your agreement with MSO for the purchase of a ticket is governed by the laws of Victoria.
If you have any questions about these terms and conditions, please call MSO on (03) 9929 9600.
Attendance Policies
Conditions of Entry
The use of photographic or recording equipment, including mobile phones, is prohibited. Mobile telephones, pagers and so forth must be turned off before entry into the venue’s auditorium.
Food and beverages may not be consumed in the auditorium unless otherwise advised.
It is a condition of entry that a search of persons or possessions may be required at the time of entry to the Venue.
The MSO reserves the right to refuse admission or evict a ticket holder in accordance with the LPA Ticketing Code of Practice.
The MSO requests all ticket holders follow the Victorian Government’s “How to stay safe & well” advice:
Stay home if you have any COVID-19 symptoms
Wash your hands
Keep your distance – stay 1.5 metres away from people you don’t live with
and, wear a face mask.
Latecomers
Adequate time must be allowed for the collection of tickets on arrival at the venue. The MSO does not accept responsibility for any delays that may be encountered at the Box Office prior to an event.
For the comfort and convenience of all patrons, latecomers can only be admitted into the auditorium at a suitable break in the performance and may be refused entry completely. Suitable breaks vary between performances and may not occur until the interval. If a suitable break prior to interval is identified, latecomers may not be seated in their ticketed seats, but in an area adjacent to an entrance, where minimal disruption will be caused to seated attendees. This is at the discretion of venue staff. Ticket refunds or exchanges are not available on the basis of late arrival.
Children and infants attending the performance
We love seeing young people enjoying music at our concerts, and have introduced a $20 Child Price for children aged 0-17. These $20 tickets are available for most MSO performances across all reserves, until allocation exhausted. Click here for a full list of eligible concerts. Please note, if a child is disrupting the enjoyment of the performance for others, we kindly ask that you take your child into the foyer area or viewing room (Hamer Hall and Costa Hall) to settle and re-enter at interval. If you’d like to ask about the suitability of an MSO evening or matinee concert for your child, feel free to call our Box Office on (03) 9929 9600. Unless the performance is a designated children’s concert, all audience members, regardless of their age are required to hold a valid ticket, including a baby on your lap. Children aged 15 and under must be supervised by a ticketed adult.
For family events, as designated by the MSO, infants under the age of two years do not require a ticket to gain entry to a performance when seated on an accompanying adult’s lap. There are some special family events where this condition may be altered, if so this will be detailed on the event page of the performance or available from our box office. To verify if a performance is nominated as a family event or a special family event please call our Box Office on (03) 9929 9600.
For the safety and security of all patrons, prams and baby capsules of any descriptions cannot be taken into the auditorium. Aisles, stairways and stairwells must be kept clear at all times.
Competition Terms and Conditions
Entry is limited to all residents of Australia over the age of 18 years.
The officers, management and employees (or immediate family of an officer, manager or employee) of MSO are not eligible to enter.
The prizes are final, not transferable and cannot be exchanged for cash or traded. Any unused portion of the prize is not redeemable in cash or in kind.
All entries are deemed to be received at the time of receipt by the MSO, NOT the time of transmission by the entrant.
The entrant releases from and indemnifies the Promoter against all liability, cost, loss or expense arising out of the entrant’s participation in the Promotion, or breach of these terms and conditions, including (but not limited to) loss of income, personal injury and damage to property and whether direct or consequential, foreseeable, due to some negligent act or omission or otherwise.
The Promoter is not responsible for any incorrect or inaccurate information, either caused by the entrant or for any of the equipment or programming associated with or utilised in this competition, or for any technical error, or any combination thereof that may occur in the course of the administration of this competition including any omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, communications line or telephone, mobile or satellite network failure, theft or destruction or unauthorised access to or alteration of entries.
No responsibility is accepted for any variation in the value of the prize. Any portion of the prize unused will be forfeited.
No responsibility is accepted for late, lost or misdirected entries.
The Promoter is the MSO.
If for any reason this competition is not capable of running as planned subject to written directions from Lottery Regulatory Bodies, including infection by computer virus, bugs, tampering, unauthorised intervention, fraud, technical failures or any other causes beyond the control of the Promoter which corrupt or affect the administration security, fairness, integrity or proper conduct of this competition, the Promoter reserves the right in its sole discretion to disqualify any individual, who tampers with the entry process, and to cancel, terminate, modify or suspend the competition. The Promoter assumes no responsibility for any error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, communications line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorised access to, or alteration of, entries. The Promoter is not responsible for any problems or technical malfunction of any telephone network or lines, computer online systems, servers or providers, computer equipment, software, failure of any email or entry to be received by the Promoter on account of technical problems or traffic congestion on the Internet or at any Website, or any combination thereof, including any injury or damage to participant’s or any other person’s computer related to or resulting from participation or downloading any materials in this competition.
Back to Top