http://www.domain.com/legal/
Account Login
Webmail
Live Chat
Sales: 800-403-3568
Domain.com
If you are using assistive technology and are unable to read any part of the Domain.com website, or otherwise have difficulties using the Domain.com website, please call 800-551-1630 and our customer service team will assist you.
Domains
Web Hosting
Email
Web Design
Affiliate Program
Support
Terms of Service
User Agreement
Acceptable Use Policy
Domain Registration Agreement
Domain Registration Reseller Agreement
Anti-Spam Policy
Privacy Notice
Trademark Disputes for Domain Names
Data Request Policy
Microsoft Customer Agreement
Digital Millennium Copyright Act
Professional Services Agreement
Affiliate Agreement
Referral Program Agreement
Report Member Violations
Domain.com's Terms of Service
User Agreement
All direct Customers of Domain.com's basic services are subject to the terms and conditions contained in the User Agreement. The User Agreement is a legal contract between Domain.com and the User that contains the rights, duties and obligations of Domain.com and the User.
Acceptable Use Policy
Domain.com's Usage Policy is designed to protect Domain.com, its Users and others from illegal, malicious, damaging and inappropriate behavior by Users of Domain.com's services. All users of Domain.com's services are subject to the Usage Policy. The Usage Policy lists activities that are prohibited on Domain.com's services, such as hacking and spamming.
Domain Registration Agreement
Domain.com's Domain Policy requires that all registrants adhere to certain terms and conditions. As an organization or individual applying to register, transfer or renew a domain name.
Domain Registration Reseller Agreement
All resellers that resell our domain registration services are required to adhere to the Domain Registration Reseller Agreement.
Anti-Spam Policy
In our ongoing commitment to providing superior service for our customers, Domain.com has introduced a new, more vigilant anti-spam policy. We have implemented the following policy as a part of our commitment to reducing spam related activity.
Privacy Notice
Domain.com's Privacy Notice covers treatment of information that Domain.com may collect from users of its products and services and from visitors to the Domain.com site.
Trademark Disputes for Domain Names
Data Request Policy
Microsoft Customer Agreement
Digital Millennium Copyright Act
Professional Services Agreement
Affiliate Agreement
Referral Program Agreement
Report Member Violations
Registrants' Benefits and Responsibilities
Registrant Educational Information
Domain Name Renewal Notification Policy
Transfer Policy
Uniform Domain-Name Dispute-Resolution Policy (UDRP)
Uniform Rapid Suspension (URS)
Registrar Information
This file was last modified on September 24, 2020.
Get Online
Domain Names
Web Hosting
Website Builder
Professional Web Design
Email
cPanel VPS
Sell Online
eCommerce Hosting
eCommerce Web Design
Online Security
SSL Certificates
Domain Privacy
Corporate Information
About Us
Customer Testimonials
Blog
Affiliate Program
Follow Us:
Customer Support
Domain Central
Control Panel
Log In
WHOIS
Registration Agreement
Terms of Service
Privacy
Site Map
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
© Copyright  Domain.com, LLC.
All rights reserved.
Payment Options: PayPal, Visa, MasterCard, Discover, American Express
ICANN