http://www.ukcraftfairs.com/privacy-policy
Toggle navigation
UKCraftFairs
Home (current)
Calendar
Directory
Shop
Events & listings
Craft Directory
Craft Fairs
Craft Courses
Gallery Exhibitions
Calendar
Maps
Craft Showcase & Shop
Local Crafts
Inspiration / Craft Guides
Craft Blog Search
The business of arts and crafts
Organising arts & crafts events
Craft Fair Insurance
Public Liability Insurance
NewsAboutJoin Login
Help
Site map
Newsletters
Accessibility
Contact us
Link to us
Home
Privacy and cookies policy
Privacy and cookies policy
Privacy is a fundamental right that should be respected by both individuals and organisations.
Privacy Policy
We will not knowingly disclose your personally identifiable information to any person or company except:
Where you have given us permission to do so
Where in good faith UKCraftFairs believe such action is necessary
To fulfil the UKCraftFairs service
If the law requires it
Contact our data controller if you have any question regarding this policy.
GDPR
The key points of GDPR can be found here: eugdpr.org
As an organisation, we have always wanted to reduce our data footprint and have therefore not asked for information we did not need to run the service, data minimisation as a key concept. We never resell data to any third parties and we do not store any financial data.
Data added by members to the site as part of the service are making this information publicly available.
From the new act we feel that privacy by design is by far the best practise to follow. If the data is either not requested in the first place or is removed once no lnoger required to deliver the service, then the privacy of the members should be protected.
Cookies Policy
We may use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue without changing your settings, we will assume that you are happy to receive all cookies on the UKCraftFairs website.
We use third-party advertising and analytics from Google who may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and would like to know your options in relation to·not having this information used by these companies, check the Google Privacy page.