http://www.photoshopchop.com/terms
Navigation:   Home  >>  TOS & Privacy Policy
ImageShack |
Google |
Yahoo |
HomeForumsTutorialsContestsGalleryArticlesChopShopLinksContactRegister
Please enable JavaScript and Flash Player plugin.
News Disclaimer / Terms of Use / Privacy Policy
Disclaimer Terms of UsePrivacy Policy DisclaimerThe materials comprising the Photoshopchop.com news postings, external clippings or community forum (this "Website") are provided by Photoshopchop.com as a service to its members on an "as-is, as-available" basis for informational / educational purposes only. Photoshopchop.com assumes no responsibility for any errors or omissions in these materials. Photoshopchop.com makes no commitment to update the information contained herein. Further, Photoshopchop.com cannot edit, control, review for truth or accuracy, or screen for defamation or obscenity any content provided to the Website by a third party through postings, uploaded files, or any other form of communication, nor can the Photoshopchop.com website ensure prompt removal of defamatory, obscene, inappropriate or unlawful content after transmission. Any such third party postings, files or other communications do not necessarily represent the opinions, beliefs, or positions of the Photoshopchop.com, its owner, staff or sponsors. Photoshopchop.com makes no, and expressly disclaims any, representations or warranties, express or implied, regarding the Website, including, without limitation, any implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. Photoshopchop.com makes no, and expressly disclaims any, warranties, express or implied, regarding the correctness, accuracy, completeness, timeliness, and reliability of the text, graphics, links to other sites and any other items accessed from or via this Website or the Internet, or that the services will be uninterrupted, error-free or free of viruses or other harmful components. Under no circumstances shall Photoshopchop.com, its owner, or any of their respective partners, officers, directors, staff, agents, associates or representatives be liable for any damages, whether direct, indirect, special or consequential damages for lost revenues, lost profits, damages of any nature or otherwise, arising from or in connection with this Website, the materials contained herein, or the Internet generally.The use of published documents or information of any kind in any media, including such use by reproduction in copies or phono records or by any other means for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, scholarship, or research, is provided on a "as-is, as-available" basis and Photoshopchop.com assumes no responsibility nor intends any intentional or reckless public false statements. Some materials contained in this Website are protected by copyright laws, and may not be reproduced, republished, distributed, transmitted, displayed, broadcast or otherwise exploited in any manner without the express prior written permission of the owner / author / creator such as Photoshopchop.com or the author, authors or sources of said materials. NOTE: RSS or other public syndication services, graphics, or other materials are generally available for use freely and indicated as so. You may download material (one copy per page) from this Website for your personal and non-commercial use only, without altering or removing any trademark, copyright or other notice from such material. We have no intention of using user contributed content for any particular gain on our end, however, submissions from members of any content, textual, editorial, graphical, or otherwise to this Website is considered approval of and in place of, written permission to grant this Website the right to publish, reproduce, edit, modify, alter, distribute, transmit, broadcast or otherwise exploit the submitted content.  Any third party / author contributed materials posted, filed or otherwise communicated to this Website become the fair use property of this website, and may be used, reproduced, published, distributed, transmitted, displayed, broadcasted or otherwise exploited by this Website unless specifically agreed in writing between the contributor/author and this Website to assume a unique agreement. While the administrators and moderators of this Website will attempt to remove or edit any objectionable material as quickly as possible, it is impossible to review every message. Therefore you acknowledge that all posts made to this website or materials referenced on this website express the views and opinions of the author or referenced author / source and not the owner, administrators, moderators or webmaster and hence will not be held liable. Terms of Use. You agree to this Website’s disclaimer.  You agree not to post any abusive, obscene, vulgar, slanderous, hateful, threatening, sexually-oriented or any other material that may violate any applicable laws. Doing so may lead to you being immediately and permanently banned (and your service provider being informed). The IP address of all posts is recorded to aid in enforcing these conditions. You agree that the webmaster, administrator and moderators of this website have the right to remove, edit, move or close any message at any time should they see fit. Privacy. As a user you agree to any information you have entered to this Website being stored in a database. We require very little data, just enough to create you an account or communicate with you. Outside of anonymous advertising vendor data collection, this information will not be disclosed to any third party without your consent, the webmaster, administrator and moderators cannot be held responsible for any reason that may lead to the safety of the data collected. We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.This Website uses cookies to store information on your local computer. These cookies do not contain any your inputted personal information you have entered; they serve only to improve your viewing pleasure and the usability and interactivity of the website. The e-mail address is used only for confirming your registration details and password (and for sending new passwords should you forget your current one) and any newsletters or other features that require email notices.  You agree to receive emails from this Website when you sign up as a member of this Website.We appreciate your interest in Photoshopchop.com
Privacy Policy & Terms of USe   |
Advertising Information and Contact
© All rights reserved www.photoshopchop.com 2002 - 2009