http://www.ryerson.ca/terms-conditions/
Skip to Main Content
Toggle navigation
Toggle information
Toggle search
Search Site and People
Info for
Future Students
Current Students
Faculty and Staff
Teachers and
Counsellors
Alumni
Media
Donors
Future
Students
Current
Students
Faculty
and Staff
Teachers
and Counsellors
Alumni
Media
Donors
About
Programs
Admissions
Campus
Life
Research & Innovation
Equity & Community Inclusion
Apply
Visit
Give
my.ryerson
Menu
About
Programs
Admissions
Campus Life
Research & Innovation
Equity & Community Inclusion
Terms and Conditions
You are now in the main content area
Ryerson University owns, operates and maintains the Site, www.ryerson.ca, including all content thereon (the "Site"). By accessing, browsing or using the Site, you accept and agree to these terms and conditions (the "Terms"). Ryerson University may amend the Terms at any time without notice. It is your responsibility to review the current posted version of the Terms each time you use the Site as you will be bound by such amendments. Please exit the Site immediately if you do not accept or agree to the Terms.
Copyright and Trademark Notices
© Ryerson University. All rights reserved. No part of the Site may be reproduced, modified, distributed, sold, published, broadcast, or retransmitted in any form without the prior written consent of Ryerson University.
The Ryerson University brandmark is registered by Ryerson University. Other names, words, titles, phrases, logos, designs, graphics, icons and brandmarks displayed on the Site may constitute registered or unregistered Official marks of Ryerson University.
Use
Materials on the Site were produced and/or compiled by Ryerson University for the purpose of providing visitors with direct access to information about the programs and courses offered by Ryerson.
You shall not, without our prior written permission, use the Site for purposes other than your own personal, non-commercial use. Further, you may not frame the Site or any part thereof on any website without our prior written permission. You acquire absolutely no rights or licence to the Site other than the limited right to use the Site in accordance with the Terms. You shall not use the Site for any purpose except as expressly provided herein.
Disclaimer
Your use of the Site is at your sole risk. The Site is provided "as is" and “as available”, and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, non-infringement or third party rights and fitness for a particular purpose, and any warranties that access to the Site is uninterrupted or error-free, that the Site is secure or free of viruses or other harmful material, or that information on the Site is complete, accurate or timely.
Linking
The Site may contain links to third party websites. These links are provided solely as convenience to you. Ryerson University is not responsible for the content of any third party website and does not endorse the information contained therein or guarantee its quality, accuracy, reliability, completeness, currency, timeliness, non-infringement, merchantability or fitness for any purpose.
Ownership
All content, designs, graphics, pictures, illustrations, software, artwork, video, sound, names, words, titles, phrases, logos and marks displayed on the Site are owned by Ryerson University, its licensors, or the party accredited as owner, and are protected by copyright, trademark and intellectual property laws and treaty provision laws.
Collection of Information
Ryerson University only obtains specific personal information, such as your name, phone number or email address if you voluntarily complete an online form, submit an email to us with this information or register to use a portion of the Site. Should you choose to provide us with personal information, we will only use that information to respond to your request.
All personal information created, held or collected by Ryerson University is protected under the Information Protection and Access Policy.  At any point of collection, you will be asked for consent to collect your information or you will be advised of the authority for such collection. Ryerson University will also inform you of the purpose for which the personal information is being collected, and how to exercise your right of access to, and correction of, that information.
Your personal information is not usually disclosed to anyone other than Ryerson University staff who need the information to carry out their responsibilities. Any further disclosure of the personal information you give us would be in accordance with the Information Protection and Access Policy.
Note: Unless specifically noted otherwise, neither electronic systems nor email are secure information transmission methods. Therefore, we recommended that you do not send sensitive personal information electronically.
Cookies
Cookies are used to track how our visitors use this Site, to determine sites previously visited or to facilitate the use of portions of this Site. A cookie is a simple text file that is stored on your computer or mobile device by a website’s server to monitor your use of that website. Most websites you visit will use cookies in order to improve your user experience by enabling that website to ‘remember’ you, either for the duration of your visit (using a ‘session cookie’) or for repeat visits (using a ‘persistent cookie’).
Ryerson University may use cookies for the following reasons:
Monitor our Site usage and improve the performance of our Site; for example, cookies help us remember who you are through your browser settings so that we can offer and provide more personalized content such as your font text size preference.
Save passwords and/or preferences for you so that you will not have to re-enter them the next time you visit the Site.
Compile user traffic and demographic statistics related to the Site (for example, number of users, page views, location you are coming from, average time spent on the Site, etc.). This information helps us to better understand when to update, change or offer new navigation or content.
The cookies we use do not allow us to identify individuals. They are used to save preferences, to compile statistical information and to assess and improve the efficiency of the Site.
Types of Cookies
Session cookies - Session Cookies are stored only temporarily during a browsing session and are deleted from the user’s computer or device when the browser is closed. No personal information is kept in session cookies and they are stored only in your browser's temporary (cache) memory. When you log out of your session, the cookie is no longer valid and is discarded when you close your browser.
Persistent cookies - These are more permanent and can be re-read when you return to the website that placed them on your computer. The information in them is written onto your hard drive and saved there for a fixed period (usually a year or two) and is not deleted when the browser is closed. They are used to identify and provide personalized features and for tracking traffic patterns to and from our Site.
First-party cookies - First-party cookies are set by the website you are visiting.
Third-party cookies - Third-party cookies are set by a different organization through the owner of the website you are visiting. The websites you visit may contain content embedded from separate organizations (e.g., YouTube) and these organizations may set their own cookies.
How to Disable Cookies
If you don’t want to receive cookies, you can modify your browser so that it notifies you when cookies are sent to it or you can refuse cookies altogether through your browser settings. You can also delete cookies that have already been set. By refusing or deleting cookies, you should be aware that you might lose some functions of that website. Please refer to your browser support resources for information on how to disable or delete cookies from your device.
Google Analytics
Ryerson University uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc., to measure traffic patterns to, from, and within our Site. Google Analytics uses first-party cookies, which are text files placed on your computer, to help analyze how users use the Site. Google Analytics uses "session" and "persistent" cookies to collect standard log information and to track visitor behaviour information, in an anonymous form, and compile statistical reports on site activity. The information generated by the cookies about your use of the Site (including your IP address) is transmitted to Google servers outside Canada. No personally identifiable information is recorded or provided to Google. As well, Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. Furthermore, Ryerson University uses the Google Analytics scripting call to remove the last octet from IP addresses before the data is transmitted to Google.
Ryerson University uses the statistical reports generated by Google Analytics to help us make our Site more useful to visitors.
For further information about Google Analytics, please refer to the Google Analytics Privacy Policy, external link and the Google Analytics Terms of Service, external link.
If you wish, you may opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics by disabling or refusing the cookies; by disabling JavaScript within your browser; or by using the Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-On, external link.
Remarketing
As part of our comprehensive marketing strategy, Ryerson University uses an advertising practice called remarketing, which allows us to advertise to users who have visited our Site before continuing on to other areas of the Internet. Third-party vendors, including Google and Facebook, may show our ads on other sites and may use cookies, web beacons and other storage technologies to collect or receive information. This information may be used to provide measurement services and to target and serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to our Site.
You may opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page, external link.
You may opt out of Facebook's use of information for ad targeting by adjusting your Facebook ads preferences, external link.
You may also opt out of third-party vendors’ use of cookies and other storage technologies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt out, external link and Digital Advertising Alliance Consumer Choice, external link tools.
Content Submissions
By uploading or submitting any materials to the Site through content generation or submission mechanisms, such as but not limited to forms, blogs, wikis, forums, chats, commenting, video uploads and photo submissions, you automatically grant Ryerson University the non-exclusive right to use those uploaded materials royalty-free, in perpetuity. Such licence shall apply with respect to any form, media, or technology now known or later developed. In addition, you warrant that all intellectual property and moral rights in such materials have been waived.
Ryerson University may publish your content on our Site, as well as on other Ryerson University materials and publications, for the purposes of promoting the university.  Ryerson University will moderate your content before it is published, however, Ryerson University does not guarantee that your content will be published. Ryerson University may edit your content for length, size or clarity. In addition, search engines may index your content. You should think carefully about your intent and the consequence of publication of any of your content.
You agree that all materials, including information, data, text, software, music, sounds, graphics or video which you publicly post or privately transmit are your sole responsibility as the originator of such content. You agree that you will not upload, post, transmit or otherwise make available any content that infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary right of any party. If you violate any of these guidelines, Ryerson University will not accept your content and may suspend or block your access to the Site.
If you are a minor, you must have permission from your parent or guardian to upload any content to the Site through content generation or submission mechanisms, such as but not limited to forms, blogs, wikis, forums, chats, commenting, video uploads and photo submissions. Ryerson University may request a parent's or guardian's email address from anyone who uploads any materials for the purpose of verifying with the parent or guardian that he/she has in fact given permission for such uploading. In the event that material is uploaded without permission, all uploaded material will be removed immediately and without notice.
When you participate through content generation or submission mechanisms, you can never assume that people are who they say they are, know what they say they know, or are affiliated with whom they say they are affiliated. Ryerson University is not responsible for the content or accuracy of any information and is not responsible for any reliance or decisions made by you or any other person based on such information.
Prohibited Content
Any content that is offensive and likely to expose an individual or a group of individuals to hatred or contempt on the basis of race, national or ethnic origin, colour, religion, sex, sexual orientation, age or mental or physical disability is prohibited. Content also prohibited on the Site includes any illegal activity such as, but not limited to, pornography, vulgarity, obscenity or sexually explicit content, illegal content, hate speech, threats, harassment, personal attacks, insults and defamatory statements, threats or content suggesting or showing the commission of a criminal or illegal act.
When sharing content on our Site, please:
Keep your content relevant to the topic and avoid repetitive posting.
Be respectful and courteous.
Please post comments in English.
Respect other people's privacy by not including personal information in your content (such as phone numbers and email addresses) or private dialogue.
If you violate any of these guidelines, Ryerson University will not accept your content and may suspend or block your access to the Site.
Monitoring
Ryerson University has the right to monitor the Site electronically from time to time and to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any law, regulation or other governmental request, to operate a website or any of the services properly, or to protect itself or its users in accordance with the Information Protection and Access Policy.
Indemnification
You shall defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Ryerson University, its Board of Governors, officers, employees and agents from and against any claim or demand made by any third party, and all liabilities, damages, losses, costs and expenses (including but not limited to reasonable legal fees) arising out of or relating to your browsing or use of the Site, content that you transmit to the Site, or your breach of any of the Terms. Ryerson University shall control the defence of any matter which is subject to indemnification by you and you shall co-operate as fully as reasonably required by Ryerson University.
Registration
To use certain features of the Site, you may be asked to register. You agree (i) to provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by any registration form; and (ii) to maintain and promptly update the information you provide to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. If Ryerson University suspects that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, we reserve the right to suspend, block or terminate your access to and use of the Site. If you are asked to register with the Site, you may need a username and password, which you will receive through the Site registration process. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and account, and are responsible for all activities that occur under your password or account. You must notify Ryerson University immediately of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security, and to ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. Ryerson University is not liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to protect your password or account information.
Termination
Ryerson University may in its sole discretion restrict, block or terminate your access to the Site at any time, without notice. In the event of termination, Ryerson University will no longer permit you to access the Site. Ryerson University is not liable to you or any party for such termination.
Governing Law
Visitors can access the Site from all Canadian provinces and territories, as well as from other countries. The Terms of the Site are governed by the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein, and these laws apply to the use of the Site, notwithstanding your domicile, residency or physical location. You hereby attorn to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the Province of Ontario and all courts competent to hear appeals therefrom.
General
If any provision of the Terms is deemed invalid or unlawful, then the provision is deemed severed without affecting the validity or enforceability of any remaining provisions.