http://www.wai.org.uk/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Covid-19Coronavirus: the latest updates and information from the Arts Council of Wales.
Read the full Privacy policy
This policy establishes how the Arts Council of Wales handles the information we:
Collect from you through our application processes, including grant funding applications and job opportunities;
Learn about you when you visit our website;
Collate through our transactional relationships including procurement; payments to suppliers and grant recipients; management and administration of our staff;
Gather through any other process including events registration, contacts lists, research activities and correspondence.
This Policy is endorsed by the Chief Executive and Senior Leadership Team. It was first issued in April 2005, and this revision was conducted in May 2018.
Protecting the privacy and personal data of our clients and visitors is of the utmost importance to us. Protecting your privacy and your personal data is an important aspect of the way we create, organise and implement our activities on-line and off-line.
The specific practices outlined in this Privacy Policy apply to all the activities of the Arts Council of Wales, including Wales Arts International and Night Out.
Access to your Personal Data
You can ask us whether we are keeping personal data about you, and you can also request a copy of that personal data. Before sending you any personal data, we will ask you to provide proof of your identity. If you are not able to provide proof of your identity, we reserve the right to refuse to send you the personal data.
We will make every effort to respond in a timely manner to your requests or to correct inaccuracies in your personal information. At any time, you may request that we delete or correct your personal information in our records. For such requests, please refer to the contact details under Privacy Support
Privacy Support
If you have any enquiries about our privacy statement or are requesting access to your personal data please contact: governance@arts.wales
Policies01.05.2018
Privacy policy