http://www.easyenglish.com/privacy.asp
Privacy Notice
EasyEnglish.com (EasyEnglish/we) is based in Cambridge, England and may be contacted through its owner EnglishClub. Like most websites, EasyEnglish receives or actively collects personal data that may identify an individual visitor (you/your). This notice outlines the personal data we collect, how we use it and your rights concerning that data.
What personal data we collect
The personal data we routinely (attempt to) collect from you includes:
your IP address
your web browser details
details on how you use the Site
In addition, we collect personal data that you knowingly and willingly provide, including
(when contacting us, whether by email or webform): your name and email address
In addition, we may use Google Analytics software to collect information about how you use the Site. Google Analytics stores information such as :
the pages a user visits on EasyEnglish
how long a user spends on each EasyEnglish page
how a user arrives at EasyEnglish
what a user clicks on while visiting EasyEnglish
The legal basis for collecting this personal data is to perform a task in your interest or for the maintenance and improvement of EasyEnglish and its services.
We may share the personal data we collect with reputable supplier organisations. We will never sell or rent your personal data to third parties. We will share your personal data if we are required to do so by law – for example, by court order, or to prevent fraud or other crime. We may transfer information about users if we are acquired by or merged with another company.
Cookies
What are cookies?
Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information that are automatically downloaded to your device when you visit a website. Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognise your device and preferences, and can be used to improve your experience online.
What cookies do we use?
Functional
These cookies are used to ensure you can correctly navigate EasyEnglish.
Performance
These cookies are used to analyse trends, administer the website, track visitor movements and gather demographic information for aggregate use and to help us improve EasyEnglish. These cookies are not personally identifiable.
How to manage cookies
You can set your browser to accept or reject some or all cookies. For instructions on managing cookies, please see your browser’s Help section or visit AboutCookies.org. Be aware that some parts of EasyEnglish may not function after you change your cookie settings.
How long we keep your personal data
We will retain your personal data only for as long as:
it is needed for the purposes set out in this notice
the law requires
In general, this means that we will hold your personal data for a minimum of 1 year and a maximum of 7 years or until you terminate your subscription to a given service.
Where your personal data is processed and stored
We operate our systems to ensure that your personal data is as safe as possible at any stage. When your personal data is transferred outside of the EEA (European Economic Area) appropriate technical and legal safeguards are put in place to ensure that you have the same level of protection as within the EEA.
How we protect your personal data
We are committed to doing all that we can to keep your personal data secure. We have systems in place to prevent misuse of your personal data – for example, we protect your personal data using varying levels of encryption. We also make sure that third parties that we deal with keep all personal data they process on our behalf secure.
Changes to this notice
We may change this Privacy Notice. In that case, any changes will apply to you and your personal data immediately. If these changes affect how your personal data is processed, we will take reasonable steps to let you know.
Your rights
You have the right to request through EnglishClub:
a copy of your personal data
information on how we use your personal data
the correction of any inaccuracies in your personal data
the erasure of your personal data if its storage is no longer justified