http://www.linlithgow-musicals.co.uk/privacy-policy
LAMP
facebook
instagram
About
The Adult Company
Children's Theatre
Committee
FAQ's
Tickets
shows
News
Contact
Newsletters
Policies
Constitution
Forms
Fees
HomePrivacy Policy
It is with deep sadness that we report that the LAMP committee have decided to postpone the children’s theatre production of the Bugsy Malone show.
Given the current government advice regarding Covid-19 and social distancing we feel that this is the best decision to protect our LAMP family. The committee will have further discussions regarding when the show will go ahead and this will be announced as soon as possible. All tickets will be refunded in the coming few weeks. Tickets bought online will automatically be refunded however if you have booked through a company member and have paid them please contact that member for a refund. The committee and production team would like to thank the children for their amazingly hard work and dedication throughout the rehearsal period. We will be back stronger and bigger than ever before. Regards,Neil Gordon President
Privacy Policy
Linlithgow Amateur Musical Productions incorporating LAMP Children’s Theatre (hereafter referred to as the Society) is committed to protecting personal information and recognises our commitment under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (EU) 2016/679 under EU law. This Data Protection Policy relates to the societies use of any personal information collected about Members and Supporters of the society, Children in our Productions and their Parents/Guardians, the Trustees of our society, Patrons on our Mailing list and Suppliers to the society.
LAMP - Linlithgow Amateur Musical Productions - will use the personal information you may supply on this website to provide you with services, for marketing and to ensure that the content and services that we offer are tailored to your needs and interests.
We may keep your information for a reasonable period for these purposes. We may share your information with our service providers and agents for these purposes. We may also use information obtained about you from cookies (files which are sent by us to your computer or other access device) which we may access when you open an email from us or visit our Website in future. We are able to do this by including web beacons (also known as clear GIFS or web bugs) in our emails and on our web pages.
Our web beacons do not store additional information on your computer but, by communicating with our cookies on your computer, they can tell us when you have accessed our materials. If you object to web beacons, we recommend that you follow the instructions for deleting existing cookies and disabling future cookies. We will still know how many of our emails are opened and we will automatically receive your IP address, a unique identifier for your computer or other access device; but we will not identify you as an individual.
With or without web beacons, your IP address may also be logged when you visit our site. If you want to delete any cookies that are already on your computer, please refer to the instructions for your file management software to locate the file or directory that stores cookies. If you want to stop cookies being stored on your computer in future, please refer to your browser manufacturer's instructions by clicking "Help" in your browser menu. Further information on deleting or controlling cookies is available at www.AboutCookies.org. Please note that by deleting our cookies or disabling future cookies you may not be able to access certain areas or features of our Website.
By providing us with your personal information, you consent to our transferring your information to countries or jurisdictions which do not provide the same level of data protection as the UK, if necessary, for the above purposes. If we do make such a transfer, we or they will, if appropriate, put a contract in place to ensure that your information is protected. If you provide us with information about another person, you confirm that they have appointed you to act for them, to consent to the processing of their personal data and that you have informed them of our identity and the purposes (as set out above) for which their personal data will be processed.
We take appropriate measures to ensure that the information disclosed to us is kept secure, accurate and up to date and kept only for so long as is necessary for the purposes for which it is used. You are entitled to ask for a copy of the information we hold about you (for which we may charge a small fee) and to have any inaccuracies in your information corrected. For quality control and training purposes, we may monitor or record your communications with us. If your personal details change, if you change your mind about any of your marketing preferences or if you have any queries about how we use your information, please let us know by contacting us at info@linlithgow-musicals.co.uk or by contacting us using the details shown on our contact details page.
This privacy policy may change and therefore you should review it regularly. We will of course notify you of any changes where we are required to do so.
Tweet
Download attachments:
Data_Protection_Policy_May_2018.pdf
(491 Downloads)
back to top
LAMP
© 2020
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Powered by Tactico Internet Marketing