https://www.abc6.com/looking-for-larry-providence-woman-searching-for-man-who-helped-her-after-freak-accident/
Main NavigationNews
Election Results 2020
Local News
Regional News
US & World News
Coronavirus Updates
Special Reports
Watch Live News
Submit Your News
Weather
7-Day Forecast
Weather Radar
Providence Tower Cam
Closings & Delays
Flight Tracker
Power Outages
Your Weather Photos
Ski Reports
Traffic
Traffic Map
Sports
ABC6 Sports Team
Play of the Week
Community
Who’s Hiring
Back to School Hub
Buttonwood Park Zoo Red Panda Cam
Learning Doesn’t Stop: Lessons on ABC6
Southern New England Experts
Pick of the Litter
Southern New England Gas Tracker
Watch
Live News
Video
TV Schedule
BPZoo Panda Cam
Providence Tower Cam
About
ABC6 News Team
Advertise With Us
Careers
Closed Captioning
FCC Public File
FCC Applications
Children’s TV Report
DMCA Agent
EEO Report
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Standard Media Group
Eyebrow NavigationSubmit News
Providence Apps
Looking for Larry; Providence woman searching for man who helped her after freak accident
The victim only knows that his first name is Larry.
September 23, 2020 10:19 pm
Brittany Comak,
PROVIDENCE, R.I. (WLNE) –  A Providence woman is searching for a man that she says came to her aid after a freak accident in which she was run over by her own car Monday afternoon.
The victim, Ashlee Choquette, only knows that his first name is Larry.
It happened on Jenkins Street in Providence on the backside of Providence Bagel.
Choquette says she had just brought her kids home from school Monday.
She parked in her driveway and started shuffling them into her home, and realized she’d left her house keys in the car.
When she went to retrieve them is when things took a turn for the worst.
“I went back into the car to get the keys and it started to roll,” said Choquette.
Choquette began running with the car as it rolled backward down the hill of her driveway.
She tried to get away from the vehicle, but says the momentum was too much.
“I tripped and the door took me under,” recalled Choquette. “The whole time I was running with it, it was like, ‘Is this it?'”
Her children watched in horror as the car ran her over and crashed into the telephone pole at the end of their driveway.
She says she doesn’t know how it happened, but the car was more than 20-years-old. It’s also now totaled.
“So I was just laying there, I couldn’t really talk, my daughter was screaming for help,” said Choquette. “This guy came up to me and he said “It’s okay baby, just look at me.”
He told her his name was Larry, and complimented her Cubs tattoo on her arm.
He then instructed someone nearby to call 9-1-1, and called her father from her phone to tell him what happened.
She says he stayed with her to hold her hand until the paramedics came.
“In awe, I looked at him and I said, ‘Larry is my dad’s name. And today was my grandmother’s birthday and I got this [Cubs] tattoo for her a year ago.”
Choquette believes her grandmother had been looking out for her.
“I just want to thank him because, it was like an angel,” she said. “I really would like to just find him and hug him.”
Choquette has a broken shoulder, damaged discs in her back, and road burn on her body. She will need surgery on her shoulder next week.
She says Larry is a skinny, black man with some scruff on his face.
If you think you know who this is, you can contact Choquette at ashleec44@gmail.com.
Categories: News, Providence, Rhode Island
Tags: accident, Providence
FacebookPinterestTwitterLinkedin
Related
Educators frustrated by governor's remarks targeting districts shifting to remote learning
Tommy ‘Tiny’ Lister, who played Deebo in ‘Friday,’ dies
DeGeneres: Positive test for coronavirus but ‘feeling fine’
Congress stuck as McConnell torpedoes emerging COVID-19 deal
Most Viewed
'He was a great man': Victim identified in fatal rollover crash on Route 195Update:
Warwick Mall Focused on Keeping Shoppers Safe After Overcrowding ConcernsProvidence Restaurant Owner Finalist for $50,000 PrizeHBO Looking for Extras in NewportCOVID patient recounts experience at Providence field hospital
Featured
Buttonwood Park Zoo Red Panda Cam
Providence Live Tower Cam
Southern New England Experts
What's Open - Southern New England
Email Alert Signup
Sign up for our Breaking News email alerts!
* indicates required
Email Address
*
First Name
Last Name
Close
Share
Toggle Fullscreen
Zoom in/out
Previous
Next