http://www.saxquest.com/policies
Saxquest policies
The Saxquest store policies are here to provide you with the best possible service and prices. On this very long page you'll find the following contents:
Payment methods
Gift certificates
Returns & refunds
Cancelling orders
Out of stock policy
Specials
Substitutions
Privacy
Security
Typographical errors
Warranties
Shipping
Verisign Secure Site certificate
Trademarked & copyrighted material
Payment methods
Saxquest accepts credit cards (Master Card, Visa, Discover), money orders, cashier's checks, international postal money orders, or personal checks. Please note that personal checks, while accepted, must clear our bank (may take up to 10 business days) before we will ship your order. As a security precaution, Saxquest reserves the right to refuse an order or to request payment other than credit card if your shipping address differs from your billing address. Please make checks payable to Saxquest Inc. and send to:
Saxquest, Inc.
Accounts payable
2114 Cherokee St.
St. Louis, MO 63118
USA
Gift certificates
Looking for the perfect gift for a saxophonist? How about a gift certificate from Saxquest.com? With an inventory stocked by saxophonists for saxophonists, a gift certificate for Saxquest is sure to be a big hit with any saxophone player.
Saxquest gift certificates are sold in $10, $25, $50, and $100 increments. Once purchased, they are available for immediate use but must be redeemed in a single online check-out session.
Please note that all Saxquest gift certificates are non-refundable.
To purchase a gift certificate:
Go here and click on the gift certificate for the desired dollar amount. On the certificate detail page you may then add it to your cart.
Saxquest gift certificates are sent via US Post but can also be sent by email instead - just specify your preference for email in the "Shipping Instructions" field of the first checkout screen - remember to include the email address of the gift recipient!
There is a field in the first checkout screen that allows you to include a gift card message to the recipient.
Proceed through the checkout screens. After you finish this process and
your transaction has been authorized you will be sent your final order receipt will also receive a separately-emailed printable coupon.
To redeem a gift certificate:
Shop at Saxquest as you would normally, adding items to the cart.
When you're ready, click on "checkout" and enter the gift certificate code into the top "discount" box. The dollar amount of your certificate will be deducted from the total price of your items. That's it!
Saxquest gift certificates must be redeemed at Saxquest.com within one year of the issue date, or be forfeited. And, we're sorry, but any unused portion of a certificate is not further redeemable or refundable. Please spend certificates in their entirety.
Returns, exchanges and in-store credit
Merchandise returns and exchanges may be made within 5 days of receipt.
Note: Returned items simply need to be shipped by you within 5 (five) days, not necessarily arrive at Saxquest within five days. Upon receipt of your returned merchandise, we will refund the cost of your order minus the original shipping fees.
All refunds are issued by company check or credit card refund and are generally completed within 10 days of receiving the returned merchandise.
All returns or exchanges require prior authorization. Please email customer service for a Return Authorization Number (RAN). This RAN number must be written on the outside of the package for us to accept it. We also ask that you include with the returned merchandise a signed letter that includes your original order number, the RAN, and a brief explanation as to why the item is being returned.
Please make sure all returns are carefully packaged and fully insured. We reserve the right to refuse uninsured packages. Refunds cannot be processed for items that are returned in poor condition. Refunds also cannot be processed for accessory merchandise in which the security seal or factory shrink wrap has been broken or opened.
In the rare occurrence that an error was made in filling your order, simply email
Saxquest within five(5) days of receiving the package and we will arrange to have a replacement package sent out as soon as your return arrives.
Items with the code prefix NR are not returnable.
Send all return orders to:
Saxquest, Inc.
Returns Department
2114 Cherokee St.
St. Louis, MO 63118
USA
Refund policies:
Saxquest will gladly exchange any defective product that still exists on the retail market for a brand-new replacement in accordance with the rules stated above provided it is returned to us in otherwise new (mint) condition and retains all factory packaging and printed material in original, unaltered condition.
Vintage or modern saxophone and other instruments (except upright basses) can be returned or exchanged within 5 days of reciept. We understand that you must play-test an instrument before making an absolutely final decision. Similar to mouthpiece returns, there is no restocking fee accessed when exchanging for a similarly or higher priced item. In this case, you are only responsible for any difference in price and the additional shipping charge. However, if you are simply returning an instrument without an exchange, the return is subject to an 8% restocking fee to be no less than $50 and no more than $500 and is calculated from the full purchase price of the item. Shipping charges are non-refundable. If you are returning an exchanged item the 8% restocking fee applies to the original purchase price of the exchanged item and none of the shipping charges are refunable. We will issue all refunds by credit card refund or company check.
Saxquest will make every effort to issue a refund to you within 10 days after we receive the returned instrument, provided that the instrument arrives back to us in the identical condition as when it was sold.
Merchandise listed under vintage or modern mouthpieces can be returned or exchanged within 5 days of reciept.
There is no restocking fee accessed when exchanging for a similarly or higher priced item.
In this case, you are only responsible for any difference in price and the additional shipping charge. However, if you are returning a mouthpiece without an exchange, the refund is subject to a 10% restocking fee with no refund for shipping charges.
Refunds will be issued by company check or credit card refund. The returned item or items must be returned in the identical condition as when they left our shop and must include all factory packaging and printed material in original, unaltered condition.
Merchandise listed under sax accessories can be returned within 5 days of reciept.
Refunds can be issued by one of two means. You can receive either an outright refund or receive in store credit towards future purchases.
A refund by in store credit is subject to only a 4% restocking fee with no refund for shipping charges. An outright refund is subject to a 10% restocking fee with no refund of shipping charges. All refund must follow in accordance with the rules stated above. The returned item or items must be in new (unused) condition and must include all factory packaging and printed material in original, unaltered condition.
For in-store credit, Saxquest will email you with a discount certificate coupon number that can be redeemed in the same way as a gift certificate. In-store discount certificates have no redeemable cash value.
SHIPPING AND HANDLING FEES ARE NOT REFUNDABLE.
Cancellations
At Saxquest, we try to provide lightning-fast customer service.
Therefore, if you choose to cancel an order after it has been placed, there's a good chance it's too late. We will, however, try to stop your order if it hasn't already gone out. If you wish to cancel an order please email us immediately. Please note: PayPal no longer refunds fees to sellers, even when refunds are given to the buyer. If you've placed an order on our website and paid via PayPal, and later cancel the purchase, those fees will be deducted from your refund. We are able to give full refunds to cancelled orders if they were intially paid by credit card.
Out-of-stock
Due to high demand and our commitment to give you the best quality products at the best possible prices, you may occasionally run into an item that is temporarily out of stock. If you select an out-of-stock item as part of your order, the rest of your order will be processed, charged, and shipped out, while any out-of-stock items will be placed on backorder. Backordered items will not be charged to your credit card until they are shipped. Shipping for in-stock and backordered items are automatically adjusted accordingly. Rest assured that your wallet will not be penalized for backordered items.
Featured specials and on sale items
All special order items will be available at the special reduced price only as long as they are included on the Great Deals/On Sale or the Saxquest Features page. The length of time for a sales special is solely up to the discretion of Saxquest Inc. The reduced price of our special offers is only good so long as the item/s remain in stock. If an item on special goes out of stock or is sold out, we will drop that item from your order as opposed to putting it on back order.
Substitutions
We reserve the right to update model designs, or substitute models or colors whenever these changes represent an equal or better value for our customers on all saxophone accessories (not on mouthpieces, saxophones or other musical instruments). Items illustrated in this web site are actual photos of the products available at the time of posting. An updated version may be substituted at a later date.
Privacy policy
Saxquest respects your privacy! We do require that you provide us with certain personal information in order to process your transaction such as name, email, phone, address, credit card number, etc. However, this information will not be sold, traded, or otherwise dispersed for any reason other than to carry out your transaction. Only information pertinent to fulfilling your order will be disclosed to any Saxquest affiliate, subsidiary, or payment processors, and then only that information that is strictly required.
Site security
Whenever you submit passwords or credit card information through our site, you will be doing so using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), a server-authentication and
browser-encrypting technology. In fact, the Saxquest website will only allow browsers with 128-bit encryption capability to view SSL pages.
While visiting these secured areas, your browser should automatically switch to "secure mode" - it will most likely display a picture of a closed lock along the bottom bar of your browser window (some browsers will alternatively or additionally have a "security" button or link somewhere along the top toolbar.) The web site address for SSL pages will start with "https" instead of "http."
If your browser's lock graphic shows "unlocked" or you are reaching these pages using "http" (without the ending "s"), be advised that any information you submit may not be securely encrypted! If this happens, please check your browser settings and make sure you have a browser capable of 128-encryption. You can check this easily by visiting the Versign Browser Check page. This link will also give you browser upgrade recommendations, should you need them. If you still have problems, please contact our webmaster immediately.
Verisign site certificate
SSL pages on Saxquest are further secured on our server with a digital certificate issued by VeriSign, Inc., a leading provider of Public Key
Infrastructure (PKI) and digital certificate solutions used by enterprises, Web sites, and consumers to conduct secure communications and transactions over the Internet. VeriSign independently verifies the
identity and background of a business prior to issuing digital key certificates. These certificates enable you to be certain that transactions entered on our site are encrypted so that your data can only
be read by our secure servers. Clicking on the Verisign logo above will verify that Saxquest's certificate is valid but only your own browser can verify that you are, indeed, visiting our legitimate web address:
To verify that you are on Saxquest's secure server and that our certificate remains valid, double click on the image of the closed lock on your browser's bottom bar (the lock only appears when your browser is on an SSL page in the checkout screens for credit card transactions.) A small frame displaying site security information will pop up - if it shows that the certificate is invalid or expired, please be advised that any information you submit may not be secure.
Problems? If your browser has not been upgraded for awhile you may be unable to use this feature properly until your browser's certificate authorities database has been updated. In this case, simply visit your browser-maker's site and install their latest updates. Be sure to check our certificate from your browser again before submitting sensitive information.
If you have checked your browser version and settings and remain concerned about securely submitting sensitive information on Saxquest, please email webmaster@saxquest.com.
Typographical errors
Although we work diligently to ensure the accuracy of our descriptions and prices, we reserve the right to correct typographical errors without penalty.
Warranties
Setup and restoration warranties
Saxquest offers a 1-year comprehensive warranty on any saxophone purchased from our web site that has either a set up or an overhaul package by Saxquest.
Saxquest is warranted to the original purchaser for a period of 1 (one) year (2 years for extended warranties) from the date of purchase against defects in the material or craftsmanship as to the saxophone components and all work performed. The word "defects," as used in this warranty, is defined as imperfections that impair the use of the instrument.
If your horn has a problem during the warranty period, just send it back to us and we'll fix it free!It's that simple.
Modern saxophone purchases
All saxophones purchased from our listing of modern saxes come standard with a 1-Year Saxquest warranty. Customers may also have an option to purchase a 2-Year extended warranty. The Saxquest modern saxes warranty covers the following:
Mechanics - If any mechanical flaw should occur during the course of the warranty that is defined as a "defect" according to this warranty, Saxquest will either fix it or replace your horn, no questions asked! This includes defects associated with springs, corks, pads, felts, screws, braces, posts, rods, and key guards.
Setup - If a mechanical flaw should develop as a result of the craftsmanship of the setup during the course of the warranty, Saxquest will fix it. This includes defects associated with springs, corks, pads, felts, screws, and rods. This also includes adjustments and regulations such as pad height, spring tension, and pad leaks.
The finish - Any instrument purchased from our inventory of modern saxes is guaranteed against any lacquer flaw that develops as a result of the craftsmanship of the original lacquering process (for example...acid bleed.) If such a flaw should develop during the course of the warranty, your horn will be replaced with an identical model, no questions asked!
Vintage saxophone purchases
Any saxophone purchased with a Saxquest setup or a custom mechanical restoration from our listing of vintage saxes comes standard with a 1-year Saxquest warranty. Customers may also have an option to purchase a 2-Year Extended Warranty. The warranty for vintage saxes is limited to defects associated with components that we either replaced or adjusted and covers all work performed. The Saxquest vintage saxes warranty covers the following:
Mechanics - If any mechanical flaw should occur in the work performed on your saxophone during the course of the warranty that is defined as a "defect" according to this warranty, Saxquest will fix it for free, no questions asked! This includes defects associated with springs, corks, pads, felts, screws, braces, posts, rods, and key guards.
Setups/restorations - If a mechanical flaw should develop as a result of the craftsmanship of either a setup or a mechanical overhaul by Saxquest during the course of the warranty, Saxquest will fix it. This includes defects associated with springs, corks, pads, felts, screws, and rods. This also includes adjustments and regulations such as pad height, spring tension, and pad leaks.
Warranty terms and limitations
The Saxquest warranty is expressly limited to the replacement of saxophone components having defects. In the case of finish flaws on modern saxes, this means replacing the entire saxophone. If the saxophone component is defective within the terms of the warranty, Saxquest will furnish a replacement saxophone component at no cost. No shop labor or setup charge is included. However, the customer is responsible for all shipping charges. If only minor adjustments are needed, and we know a saxophone technician in your area that we trust, we may ask them to do the work for us so that you don't have to worry about shipping your saxophone.
The Saxquest warranty applies under conditions of normal use, but does not apply to defects that result from intentional damage, abuse, neglect, misuse, mishandling, exposure, or unreasonable use. Defects not included under this warranty include, but are not limited to, dents, bent or broken keys or rods, torn pads, or any other such damage deemed abusive by Saxquest. It is at the sole discretion of Saxquest to determine if a defect is covered under this warranty.
Shipping
Please note that we will only ship to street addresses. We are not allowed to ship to P.O. boxes so make sure you give us the proper information before finalizing your order.
All national orders will be shipped from our location using standard UPS ground service, Fed Ex ground service, or USPS Parcel Post. All international orders will be shipped from our location using UPS Worldwide expedited service, Fed Ex International economy, or USPS Parcel Post Airmail. The time between receiving your order and shipping it will be 1-3 days. Shipping within the continental USA should take about 2-3 days. International orders should take about 4-7 days. The shipping cost is calculated as a function of the total weight of your order plus any applicable insurance or special handling.
Here at Saxquest, we take extreme measures to package your order very carefully. Even so, shipping carriers will inevitably find a way to occasionally damage a shipment. Once the package leaves our hands we're at the mercy of the shipping carrier.
Any package that we send out will always be fully insured. However, it is your responsibility as the recipient of the package to file a claim for any damages and to demonstrate negligence or mishandling on the part of the shipping carrier. For help in gathering information you'll need to file such a claim, contact us at the email below before filing a claim. We strongly suggest filing a claim within one week of receiving the damaged goods. Getting the ball rolling quickly is the key to a successful claim. We are NOT responsible for merchandise damaged during shipping.
If your merchandise is damaged during shipping please act promptly and do the following:
Save the original box and all packing materials. Be sure not to tear off any tracking numbers or address labels.
Immediately email me at mark@Saxquest.com.
Contact the shipping carrier:
UPS - (800) 742-5877, Fed Ex - (800) 463-3339, UPSP - contact your local post office.
Trademarked and copyrighted material
Saxquest, the Saxquest.com logo, are trademarks and servicemarks of Saxquest, Inc. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. All other trademarks, service marks, product names and company names or logos appearing on the Saxquest web site are the property of their respective owners. Any use of such trademarks, service marks, product names and company names or logos, including the reproduction, modification, distribution or republication of same without the prior written permission of the owner of same, is strictly prohibited.
All web site design, text, graphics, content, the selection and
arrangement thereof, and all software Copyright © 2001-2002, Saxquest, Inc. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Any use of materials on this web site -- including reproduction, modification, distribution, or republication -- without the prior written permission of Saxquest, Inc. is strictly prohibited. By submitting photos, images, text, or graphics to our web site or via email, you authorize us to display such materials on the Saxquest website and use the same for any other purpose as we see fit unless we receive specific instructions from you to the contrary.