http://www.dragoon.com.au/mob_terms.php
×
Bestiary A~Z
Illustrations
About
Merch Store
Terms of Usage
Site AccessBy accessing this site dragoon.com.au and its contents, you accept the full terms and conditions stated on this page. It is recommended that parents or a mature guardian, profile this site first before allowing children to access this sites contents, after which a mature adult or guardian must accompany children while browsing this site. dragoon.com.au grants you a limited licence to access dragoon.com.au and the contents offered on this site for personal use. Any portion of this site may not be reproduced or copied. You may not access this site with the intent of attempting to modify its contents, causing harm, cause structural or visual damage. You are granted a limited nonexclusive right to create a link to our homepage that enables the viewer to browse the full page and not part of or framed and give dragoon.com.au the right to revoke this link at any time. The links must not portray dragoon.com.au in any false, offensive or misleading way.
ContentAll contents included on this site such as images, texts, audio, media files, software, games, names, logos and characters produced by dragoon.com.au, you are not permitted, and are strictly prohibited to sell, exchange, make copies, alter, edit, distribute, or make profit from. The contents provided on this site shall only be available through dragoon.com.au and its partners.
Warranties and Liability DisclaimerAll contents are provided as is without warranty of any kind. Dragoon.com.au is not obligated to provide maintenance or updates for the contents. However, any maintenance or updates provided by dragoon.com.au shall be covered by this Agreement. Dragoon.com.au attempts to ensure that all contents on its website is error-free, we accept no liability for omissions, and reserve the right to change or alter the contents and web site at any time. Dragoon.com.au does not make any warranty that the contents is free from infection from viruses. Dragoon.com.au and any party associated will not be held liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages arising out of the use or inability to use the contents and its web site.
PrivacyWe respect your privacy and will never give your personal information to other third parties. The dragoon.com.au contact / feedback forms are not to be used for spam, junk or advertising mail. Companies or Persons who abuse this may be fined. Nobody likes annoying Spam, were here to provide you entertainment! We may only need to contact you if it's important, like if you have contacted us or purchased anything from us. Any information we collect is for our own use as described in this privacy policy. Your email address is required if we may need to notify you of purchased content, or a fix update available we may have missed. We may collect data from visitors to our site, this gives us an idea of what content we provide are more popular and what's not, this enables us to provide a positive experience on your next visit. Our content may be available through other partners, please ensure you understand their privacy policy before providing them your information.
Copyright & TrademarksUnless otherwise specified, all contents were created by Adrian Shaw and is Copyright and is the property of dragoon.com.au and is protected by Australian and international copyright laws. COPYRIGHT ©Adrian Shaw. All rights reserved.
BESTIARY
| ILLUSTRATIONS
| ABOUT
| TERMS
Created by©Adrian Shaw 1998 - 2020 All rights reserved.