http://www.philipsemanorfriends.org/top-tips-to-help-de-clutter-your-home-before-moving-house/
Skip to content
De-cluttering is an important step during the moving process. This means getting rid of all the stuff that’s not been of much use to you of late. You’ll be surprised at how much space you’ll free up when you’re done.
However, it’s not as easy for some people since no one is ever sure of what they don’t need anymore. It’ll take plenty of time to figure this out and have things in place. Here are crucial tips to help in decluttering before moving home;
DON’T RUSH
Take all the time you need to decide whether you want to get rid of some items for good. If you lead such a busy life, you may want to begin months before the material moving day.
If the weekends work for you, maximize every opportunity you get. Tackle a different room each day and set a box aside for each. If your closet is at the top of your list, get down to it first.
When the hard part is over, all the rest will fall in place and you won’t need to put in as much effort. You’ll save the movers’ time as well.
SET A BOX ASIDE
If you’ve moved house before, you probably understand the intensity of stress you’re likely to face. The good news is that you can take the pressure off by setting a convenience box aside.
Pack all the tools and items you’ll need to help you get settled. Could be a toilet paper roll, box cutter, or even a piece of cloth. You’ll need a clean place to sit and catch your breath in case the entire house is dusty.
Don’t forget to label it as it can be quite stressful to look for a single box among so many.
CONSUME YOUR UTILITIES
If you bought home utilities in excess, now is the time to put them into proper use. Use them unsparingly to make the de-cluttering process come alive. These include shampoo, toilet paper, toothpaste, and other bulky goods you might come across.
If you happen to run out of utilities a few weeks or days before moving, buy in little quantities. At least you won’t have to survive unbearable conditions in the name of de-cluttering your house.
Look around especially in your closet. You could have a stash of toilet rolls hidden somewhere and might only be discovered later on.
TACKLE THE SENTIMENTS LAST
Looking through your mementos takes more time than you can imagine. If it’s a gift whose use you don’t see anymore, get rid of it by all means. Eventually, you’ll see the reason why the sentimental items come last.
For instance, you’ll find an item that you love but was given to you by people you want to forget. You’re not sure whether you want to keep the items or get rid of them.
You’ll have to take all the time you need to square things out accordingly.
EXPIRY DATES
This is one of the factors that will alert you when you’re about to consume harmful items. The likes of foodstuffs should never be downplayed as they are likely to cause food poisoning.
Base your decisions on the expiration dates and see how much your items will decrease. Check your bathrooms, closets, and most importantly, your kitchen cabinets.
Don’t hesitate to dispose of them once you discover that they are no longer useful to you.
SELL OR DONATE
Let’s be honest here; you can finish up all the items by yourself if you had the chance. This is the part where you decide to either sell or donate just to create space.
Selling the items you don’t find useful will get you more money for the moving exercise. Donating your items to charity is not a waste of time. Your unused blanket could help keep a homeless person warm.
As mentioned earlier, this is one of those parts of de-cluttering that will take more time. No need for you to rush.
KEEP A LIST
A list is efficient especially if you are usually very busy. Go through your list and ensure that you leave no item unmarked. Be sure to update your list as often as you can.
The item you thought you needed yesterday might turn out to be useless after all.
Continue reading
Previous post: Advantages of Hiring Billiard Table Removalists Over Doing it YourselfNext post: Top 7 Tips When Moving Home With Young Kids
Leave a Reply Cancel replyYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name *
Email *
Website
Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
Privacy Policy - Terms and Conditions