https://www.new-normal.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
New Normal Consulting GmbH (“New Normal”) respects the privacy of every individual whose personal information it handles. This Privacy Notice explains how New Normal collects, stores and uses personal information that it gathers through its website, new-normal.com (the “Site”) or when it otherwise has contact with you.
For the purposes of applicable legislation, including the EU General Data Protection Regulation, as amended or supplemented (the “Data Protection Laws”), New Normal is the controller of personal information collected through the Site.
Personal information you provide to us when you contact us
When you sign up to our site:
When you sign up for an account on our Site, we will collect basic information about you including your name, email address and telephone number. We will use the information that we collect about you to:
create and maintain your account;
allow you to log into the Site
contacting you about your account and the services we offer; and
responding to any query that you may submit.
When you place an order:
If you place an order through our Site, we will collect your address, contact details, delivery preferences and information about the products you have ordered as well as payment information. We will use this information to:
contact you to confirm the details of your order;
arrange for delivery of your order;
process your payment;
detect and prevent fraud or other crime; and
resolve legal claims or disputes involving you or us.
The personal information we hold about you may be shared with:
companies who process personal information on New Normal’s behalf, such as providers of cloud hosting solutions;
payment processors; and
professional advisors, such as accountants, lawyers or other consultants; and
In accordance with the Data Protection Laws, our legal basis for collecting and storing personal information about you is that such processing is necessary for our legitimate interest in running and promoting our business.
In accordance with the Data Protection Laws, our legal basis for storing the personal information that you provide us is that such storage is necessary for our legitimate interest in running our business, in particular by administering transactions that we enter into. If we enter into a transaction that you are involved in, it will also be necessary for us to process your personal information for the purpose of performing that contract.
International transfers of personal information
The personal information that we hold may be transferred to, and stored at, a country outside of your country of residence, including countries outside of the EEA, such as the U.S. Where we transfer personal information to third parties outside of the EEA, we will ensure that those transfers take place in accordance with the Data Protection Laws, including by entering into data transfer agreements with recipients. If you would like more information about how your personal information may be transferred, please contact us using the information below.
In certain cases your information may be passed to: other companies in the New Normal group, companies who process data on behalf of New Normal as part of providing services, New Normal’s advisers, financial intermediaries and credit reference agencies with which New Normal works.
Cookies
This site uses cookies – small text files that are placed on your machine to help the site provide a better user experience. In general, cookies are used to retain user preferences, store information for things like shopping baskets, and provide anonymised tracking data to third party applications like Google Analytics. As a rule, cookies will make your browsing experience better. However, you may prefer to disable cookies on this site and on others. The most effective way to do this is to disable cookies in your browser. We suggest consulting the Help section of your browser or taking a look at the About Cookies website which offers guidance for all modern browsers
Data Collected to Manage Your Membership
At checkout, we will collect your name, email address, username, and password. This information is used to setup your account for our site. If you are redirected to an offsite payment gateway to complete your payment, we may store this information in a temporary session variable to setup your account when you return to our site.
At checkout, we may also collect your billing address and phone number. This information is used to confirm your credit card. The billing address and phone number are saved by our site to prepopulate the checkout form for future purchases and so we can get in touch with you if needed to discuss your order.
At checkout, we may also collect your credit card number, expiration date, and security code. This information is passed to our payment gateway to process your purchase. The last 4 digits of your credit card number and the expiration date are saved by our site to use for reference and to send you an email if your credit card will expire before the next recurring payment.
When logged in, we use cookies to track some of your activity on our site including logins, visits, and page views.
Retention of personal information
The period for which New Normal will retain personal information will vary depending on the purposes that it was collected for, as well as the requirements of any applicable law or regulation.
Your rights
Individuals whose personal information we hold may be entitled to access their personal information, or to request that it is erased, that its processing is restricted, or that any inaccurate personal information is rectified. You may also have the right to object to the processing of your personal information, or in some circumstances to obtain a copy of the personal information in machine readable format. Any such request should be submitted in writing to info@new-normal.com. Individuals also have the right to complain about the use of their personal information to relevant supervisory authorities. Please contact us if you have any questions in relation to these rights.
Accuracy and security
New Normal will take all reasonable steps to keep your personal information accurate and, where necessary, up to date. If you believe that any of the information that New Normal holds about you is incorrect please notify us (see “Contacts” below).
New Normal will take all reasonable steps to protect the confidentiality and security of your personal information, but cannot guarantee the security of any data you disclose online. You accept the inherent security risks of providing information online over the Internet and will not hold New Normal responsible for any breach of security unless this is due to New Normal’s negligence or wilful default.
This Site may contain hypertext links to external websites. New Normal is not responsible for and accepts no liability in relation to these websites or their contents. You should read any applicable privacy policy on any such website.
New Normal Data Privacy Contacts
If you have any questions about New Normal’s use of your personal information, please contact info@new-normal.com.
Changes to New Normal’s Privacy Policy
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will be posted here, so please check back on a regular basis when you visit the New Normal website.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please confirm that you're ok with this. You can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.