http://www.puppetindia.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy:PPT Info Inc ("PPT Info Inc") operates puppetindia.com and may operate other websites. It is PPT Info Inc's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, PPT Info Inc collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. PPT Info Inc's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how PPT Info Inc's visitors use its website. From time to time, PPT Info Inc may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
PPT Info Inc also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on puppetindia.com blogs/sites. PPT Info Inc only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to PPT Info Inc's websites choose to interact with PPT Info Inc in ways that require PPT Info Inc to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that PPT Info Inc gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up
at puppetindia.com to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with PPT Info Inc are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, PPT Info Inc collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with PPT Info Inc. PPT Info Inc does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
PPT Info Inc may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. PPT Info Inc may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, PPT Info Inc does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
PPT Info Inc discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on PPT Info Inc's behalf or to provide services available at PPT Info Inc's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using PPT Info Inc's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. PPT Info Inc will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, PPT Info Inc discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when PPT Info Inc believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of PPT Info Inc, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an PPT Info Inc website and have supplied your email address, PPT Info Inc may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with PPT Info Inc and our products.
If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. PPT Info Inc takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. PPT Info Inc uses cookies to help PPT Info Inc identify and track visitors, their usage of PPT Info Inc website, and their website access preferences. PPT Info Inc visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using PPT Info Inc's websites, with the drawback that certain features of PPT Info Inc's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If PPT Info Inc, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that PPT Info Inc goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of PPT Info Inc may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by PPT Info Inc and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, PPT Info Inc may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in PPT Info Inc's sole discretion. PPT Info Inc encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a puppetindia.com account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Recent
What to Expect From Professional Office Cleaners
Tips to Make Your Car Last Longer
Three Tips to Help You Get the Right Cannabis Strain
Common Uses of Metal Detectors
Tips on How to Choose the Best Commercial Cleaning Company
Top Tips for Selecting a Metal Detector
Social Media
Pages
A Brief Overview Of Kratom
Best Hiking Watch
Factors To Consider When Buying A New Car
Let’s Get In Touch
Meet The Team
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Service
Tips for Choosing a Laser Hair Removal Clinic
Categories
Auto
Bookbinding
Culture
Education
Entertainment
Festive
Hair care solutions
Health
Kitchen Improvements
Logistics
Marketing
Outdoors
Pets
Relationships
Services
Supplies
Technology
Uncategorized
TagsBatman
Benefits of Brazilian laser hair removal for men
body
buying a pet
Capes
Combi Ovens
company
Costume
Course
Dating
Different
dogs
Education
exercise
For Women
Free Access
Friend
Girlfriend
Hair removal methods
health
Hero
Kitchen Appliances
Kitchen Ovens
Learning
limousine
mental
Online
online directory services
Ovens
Packaging Suppliers
Packing
pet dogs
Pets
Preschool
Relationships
Restaurant Ovens
Rodents
services
Supplies
Technologies
Thor Costume
Tips
Truck
Trucking
Used
Follow me on TwitterMy Tweets