http://www.tvo.org/terms-of-use
Skip to main content
×
Thinking of your experience with tvo.org, how likely are you to recommend tvo.org to a friend or someone like you?
Not at all Likely
Extremely Likely
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
Please provide a rating from 0 - 10
Submit
Thank you for your feedback.
Close window
Terms of Use
This website is owned and operated by TVO. Please read these terms and conditions prior to accessing this website. TVO reserves the right to amend the Terms of Use from time to time without notice to you.  We recommend that you review the Terms of Use each time you use the website. By accessing the website you agree, or if you are under the age of majority your parents and/or legal guardians agree on your behalf, to the following terms and conditions. Teachers or other authorized school officials directing students to access the website as part of student coursework will be deemed the legal guardian of such students for the purposes of agreeing to the following terms and conditions on behalf of the students.
Ownership of Website and Content
TVO either owns or has rights to the Content contained on this website (including all text, images, photographs, illustrations, art work, graphics, audio and video clips, computer software and submissions).
This website is subject to intellectual property laws. Any copying, reproducing, altering, modifying, public performing or displaying, uploading, posting or transmitting of Content, other than as permitted herein or permitted by law, is strictly prohibited. Any contravention will be subject to appropriate legal action.
Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability
This website may contain material that is trade-marked by a third party. It may also include links to third party websites. In neither case shall TVO be construed as endorsing the products or services of such other parties. TVO disclaims any responsibility, representations or warranties for the products or services offered by or through the third party websites. Such third party websites will be governed by terms of use and policies separate from TVO's Terms of Use.
You accept this website as is, and browse at your own risk.
TVO assumes no liability for content posted by others to this website, and you acknowledge that the postings contained herein do not necessarily reflect the views or opinions of TVO.
TVO does not warrant that the functions and/or materials contained on this website shall be error-free or uninterrupted, or that defects will be corrected. As such, TVO assumes no liability for any loss of data or other damage or problems sustained by your computer that may arise from your use of this website.
All opinions, advice or other comments appearing on this website are those of the specific person providing them and do not necessarily represent the opinions, advice or views of TVO. Before acting upon any opinion, advice, comment, or information provided by TVO or any person appearing on this website you should seek informed advice from your own expert or professional.
User Conduct and Rules of Netiquette
Read before posting anywhere on this website! As a visitor/user of this website, you represent and warrant that you have either a) reached the age of majority and possess the legal capacity to enter into this agreement, and that you have all necessary rights in and to the postings you submit; or b) are under the age of majority and that you have informed your parents and/or legal guardians and they approve of your use of this site and they enter into this agreement on your behalf and they represent and warrant that you have all the necessary rights in and to the postings you submit.
TVO is pleased to provide an online opportunity for comments, feedback, discussion and debate related to TVO content as part of our commitment as Ontario's public educational content provider. TVO has a responsibility to make sure that a range of opinions are heard and that a diversity of views is expressed, but also to ensure the experience is available and welcoming for everyone.
PLEASE NOTE: Postings are not moderated prior to posting - the TVO online administrators will review most postings, though not all, on a routine basis (excluding weekends) in order to remove, at their discretion, any content identified as being in contravention of either these Rules and Etiquette for Posting or the more general Terms of Use regarding TVO's websites and other online content.
Please abide by the following User Conduct and Rules of Netiquette when posting:
Posts must not contravene these User Conduct and Rules of Netiquette or Terms of Use.
All posts are to be limited to 300 words.
Each user should post no more than 5 times in a 24 hour period.
All users should post in a way that is respectful of other users. Personal attacks, name-calling, trolling (posting outrageous messages to bait people to answer, sowing discord, purposely provoking) is not acceptable. Similarly, if a user posts an idea you take issue with, intelligently challenge it - but attack the issue, not the poster.
Please ensure you are posting to the relevant piece of content. Users are asked to read or view the content and thread before posting. Any posts not on topic will either be moved or removed, as appropriate and at the discretion of the administrators. Double or cross-thread posting or other attempts at flooding a thread with posts is not acceptable.
Before you post, browse and/or use the search tool to see if there has already been a similar discussion thread started.
Please post in a way that is consistent with "normal writing". For example, when you POST IN ALL CAPITAL LETTERS, this is commonly considered to be shouting and should be avoided.
"Bumping" or posting with the deliberate intention to keep a thread 'hot' is not allowed. This type of post can be described as containing redundant information, gibberish or one-liners.
Revealing personal information such as full names, e-mail, mailing address or other information that is invasive of others' privacy without their express consent is prohibited.
Spam is not tolerated under any circumstance.
These User Conduct and Rules of Netiquette, where applicable, also apply to private messaging and public profiles.
Abiding by these User Conduct and Rules of Netiquette will help to make the TVO online experience part of a vibrant community that all users can enjoy! Users violating these User Conduct and Rules of Netiquette or Terms of Use will be warned and/or banned.  TVO may amend these User Conduct and Rules of Netiquette as and when appropriate.
You further warrant and represent that:
You will not misrepresent your identity;
You will refrain from posting material intended to further commercial ends and/or to promote a business or generate revenue;
You will not post or link to any material that violates the rights of others, be it privacy, publicity, intellectual property or proprietary rights;
You will not post, transmit or direct one to content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, indecent, pornographic, threatening, hateful, abusive or harassing;
You will not post content that instructs one to commit a crime, or that is otherwise unlawful or in contravention of any law;
You will not post content that may contain or trigger a computer virus, Trojan horse, worm, time bomb, junk or chain mail, spam, or comparable device; and
You will not collect information about other users of this website, including their e-mail addresses.
Submissions
This website contains an interactive component which enables visitors/users to post comments, information and other materials, hereinafter referred to as Submission(s).
You must hold all the rights and licenses to the content in your Submission(s) and you hereby represent and warrant that your Submission(s) will not violate the rights of any others including but not limited to copyright and privacy rights. You further represent and warrant that your Submission(s) will not contain content that contravenes any law or is defamatory or libelous in nature.
You hereby grant TVO a non-exclusive royalty-free, perpetual, unrestricted, irrevocable and worldwide licence to use, copy, publicly perform or display, transmit or distribute, translate, adapt and create derivative works from any Submission(s) that you provide as well as the right to sublicense any or all such rights to third parties.
You waive all moral rights in your Submission(s) in favour of TVO, and acknowledge that there is no expectation of confidentiality vis-a-vis your Submission(s). As such, you consent to TVO's identifying you as the contributor of the Submission(s).
Reservation of Rights
While TVO reserves the right to monitor Submissions posted to this website, it is under no positive duty to do so. Notwithstanding the foregoing, TVO may remove Submissions which it deems, in its sole discretion, to be inappropriate according to these Terms of Use and/or to suspend or terminate any session or posting which unduly taxes its information technology infrastructure. TVO reserves the right to suspend or terminate your account and/or your access to the website, without notice to you, in TVO's sole and absolute discretion for any reason, including but not limited to, in the event that TVO believes you have violated the Terms of Use or the User Conduct and Rules of Netiquette.
TVO reserves the right to disclose the details of any Submission(s) to law enforcement or other appropriate authorities where such disclosure may be legally required, to alter any feature of this website, to make use of visitor/user Submission(s) and to amend these Terms of Use as and when appropriate.
Indemnity
You indemnify, fully discharge and forever hold TVO, its directors, officers, employees and agents harmless for (a) your breaches of the terms and conditions contained herein, (b) your violations of the law or illegal conduct as manifested by your Submission(s) or other use of this website, (c) your access or inability to access this website or the entirety of its features, (d) any loss of data you may sustain as a result of your accessing this website, and/or (e) your reliance on any Content or Submission(s) contained herein.  By using the website you agree that TVO shall not be liable for any damages, including but not limited to, direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary or consequential arising out of your use of the website.
Jurisdiction and Governing Law
This website is operated and administered from TVO's offices in Ontario, Canada.  TVO makes no representations and disclaims any responsibility with regard to the availability or fitness of the website and its contents for use outside of Canada. Users accessing the website outside of Canada do so at their own risk and are responsible for compliance with their local laws as applicable.
These Terms of Use, together with the Privacy Policy and Copyright Policy constitute the entire agreement between you and TVO with respect to the website and shall supersede all prior agreements or communications respecting the website. This agreement shall be construed in accordance with and shall be subject to the laws of the Province of Ontario, Canada and the applicable federal laws of Canada, and any dispute between you and TVO shall be determined by the appropriate courts of Ontario..
Last Updated August 5, 2015
sfy39587stp16