https://www.andrewmbyrne.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY OF ANDREWMBYRNE.COM
Andrewmbyrne.com collects some Personal Data from its Users.
OWNER AND DATA CONTROLLER
Andrew Byrne Studio Inc. 161 W 54th St Apt 603, NY, NY 10019
Owner contact email: studio@andrewmbyrne.com
TYPES OF DATA COLLECTED
Among the types of Personal Data that Andrewmbyrne.com collects, by itself or through third parties, there are: Cookies, Usage Data, various types of Data, email address, first name and phone number.
Complete details on each type of Personal Data collected are provided in the dedicated sections of this privacy policy or by specific explanation texts displayed prior to the Data collection.
Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or, in case of Usage Data, collected automatically when using Andrewmbyrne.com..
Any use of Cookies – or of other tracking tools – by Andrewmbyrne.com or by the owners of third-party services used by Andrewmbyrne.com serves the purpose of providing the Service required by the User, in addition to any other purposes described in the present document and in the Cookie Policy, if available.
Users are responsible for any third-party Personal Data obtained, published or shared through Andrewmbyrne.com and confirm that they have the third party’s consent to provide the Data to the Owner.
MODE AND PLACE OF PROCESSING THE DATA
METHODS OF PROCESSING
The Owner takes appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the Data.
The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Owner, in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of Andrewmbyrne.com (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third-party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner. The updated list of these parties may be requested from the Owner at any time.
LEGAL BASIS OF PROCESSING
The Owner may process Personal Data relating to Users if one of the following applies:
•Users have given their consent for one or more specific purposes. Note: Under some legislations the Owner may be allowed to process Personal Data until the User objects to such processing (“opt-out”), without having to rely on consent or any other of the following legal bases. This, however, does not apply, whenever the processing of Personal Data is subject to European data protection law;
•provision of Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with the User and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof;
•processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Owner is subject;
•processing is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Owner;
•processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner or by a third party.
In any case, the Owner will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.
PLACE
The Data is processed at the Owner’s operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located.
Depending on the User’s location, data transfers may involve transferring the User’s Data to a country other than their own. To find out more about the place of processing of such transferred Data, Users can check the section containing details about the processing of Personal Data.
Users are also entitled to learn about the legal basis of Data transfers to a country outside the European Union or to any international organization governed by public international law or set up by two or more countries, such as the UN, and about the security measures taken by the Owner to safeguard their Data.
If any such transfer takes place, Users can find out more by checking the relevant sections of this document or inquire with the Owner using the information provided in the contact section.
ADVERTISING
This type of service allows User Data to be utilized for advertising communication purposes displayed in the form of banners and other advertisements on Andrewmbyrne.com, possibly based on User interests.
This does not mean that all Personal Data are used for this purpose. Information and conditions of use are shown below.
Some of the services listed below may use Cookies to identify Users or they may use the behavioral retargeting technique, i.e. displaying ads tailored to the User’s interests and behavior, including those detected outside Andrewmbyrne.com. For more information, please check the privacy policies of the relevant services.
.
Direct Email Marketing (DEM) (Andrewmbyrne.com)
Andrewmbyrne.com uses the User Data to propose services and products provided by third parties or unrelated to the product or service provided by Andrewmbyrne.com.
Personal Data collected: email address.
ANALYTICS
The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior.
Facebook Ads conversion tracking (Facebook, Inc.)
Facebook Ads conversion tracking is an analytics service provided by Facebook, Inc. that connects data from the Facebook advertising network with actions performed on Andrewmbyrne.com.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy. Privacy Shield participant.
Google Analytics (Google Inc.)
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of Andrewmbyrne.com, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.
Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt Out. Privacy Shield participant.
SumoMe Content Analytics (Sumo Group Inc.)
SumoMe Content Analytics is an analytics and heat mapping service provided by Sumo Group Inc.
SumoMe Content Analytics is used to display the areas of a page where Users most frequently move the mouse or click. This shows where the points of interest are.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.
Backup on Dropbox (Dropbox, Inc.)
Dropbox is a service to save and manage backups provided by Dropbox Inc.
Personal Data collected: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.
COMMERCIAL AFFILIATION
This type of service allows Andrewmbyrne.com to display advertisements for third-party products or services. Ads can be displayed either as advertising links or as banners using various kinds of graphics.
Clicks on the icon or banner posted on the Application are tracked by the third-party services listed below, and are shared with Andrewmbyrne.com.
For details of which data are collected, please refer to the privacy policy of each service.
Amazon Affiliation (Amazon)
Amazon Affiliation is a commercial affiliation service provided by Amazon.com Inc.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.
CONTACTING THE USER
Contact form (Andrewmbyrne.com)
By filling in the contact form with their Data, the User authorizes Andrewmbyrne.com to use these details to reply to requests for information, quotes or any other kind of request as indicated by the form’s header.
Personal Data collected: email address, first name and various types of Data.
Mailing list or newsletter (Andrewmbyrne.com)
By registering on the mailing list or for the newsletter, the User’s email address will be added to the contact list of those who may receive email messages containing information of commercial or promotional nature concerning Andrewmbyrne.com. Your email address might also be added to this list as a result of signing up to Andrewmbyrne.com or after making a purchase.
Personal Data collected: email address, first name and Usage Data.
Phone contact (Andrewmbyrne.com)
Users that provided their phone number might be contacted for commercial or promotional purposes related to Andrewmbyrne.com, as well as for fulfilling support requests.
Personal Data collected: phone number.
CONTENT COMMENTING
Content commenting services allow Users to make and publish their comments on the contents of Andrewmbyrne.com.
Depending on the settings chosen by the Owner, Users may also leave anonymous comments. If there is an email address among the Personal Data provided by the User, it may be used to send notifications of comments on the same content. Users are responsible for the content of their own comments.
If a content commenting service provided by third parties is installed, it may still collect web traffic data for the pages where the comment service is installed, even when Users do not use the content commenting service.
Facebook Comments (Facebook, Inc.)
Facebook Comments is a content commenting service provided by Facebook, Inc. enabling the User to leave comments and share them on the Facebook platform.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy. Privacy Shield participant.
DATA TRANSFER OUTSIDE THE EU
The Owner is allowed to transfer Personal Data collected within the EU to third countries (i.e. any country not part of the EU) only pursuant to a specific legal basis. Any such Data transfer is based on one of the legal bases described below.
Users can inquire with the Owner to learn which legal basis applies to which specific service.
Data transfer abroad based on consent (Andrewmbyrne.com)
If this is the legal basis, Personal Data of Users shall be transferred from the EU to third countries only if the User has explicitly consented to such transfer, after having been informed of the possible risks due to the absence of an adequacy decision and appropriate safeguards.
In such cases, the Owner shall inform Users appropriately and collect their explicit consent via Andrewmbyrne.com.
Personal Data collected: various types of Data.
Data transfer abroad based on standard contractual clauses (Andrewmbyrne.com)
If this is the legal basis, the transfer of Personal Data from the EU to third countries is carried out by the Owner according to “standard contractual clauses” provided by the European Commission.
This means that Data recipients have committed to process Personal Data in compliance with the data protection standards set forth by EU data protection legislation. For further information, Users are requested to contact the Owner through the contact details provided in the present document.
Personal Data collected: various types of Data.
Data transfer from the EU and/or Switzerland to the U.S based on Privacy Shield (Andrewmbyrne.com)
If this is the legal basis, the transfer of Personal Data from the EU or Switzerland to the US is carried out according to the EU – U.S. and Swiss – U.S. Privacy Shield.
In particular, Personal Data is transferred to services that self-certify under the Privacy Shield framework and therefore guarantee an adequate level of protection of such transferred Data. All services are listed within the relevant section of this document and those that adhere to Privacy Shield can be singled out by checking their privacy policy and possibly also by specifically checking for Privacy Shield adherence in the official Privacy Shield List. Privacy Shield also specifically guarantees rights to Users which can be found in its most current form on the website run by the US Department of Commerce.
Personal Data may be transferred from within the EU or Switzerland to the U.S. to services that are not, or not anymore, part of Privacy Shield, only based on other valid legal grounds. Users can ask the Owner to learn about such legal grounds.
Personal Data collected: various types of Data.
Data transfer to countries that guarantee European standards (Andrewmbyrne.com)
If this is the legal basis, the transfer of Personal Data from the EU to third countries is carried out according to an adequacy decision of the European Commission.
The European Commission adopts adequacy decisions for specific countries whenever it considers that country to possess and provide Personal Data protection standards comparable to those set forth by EU data protection legislation. Users can find an updated list of all adequacy decisions issued on the European Commission’s website.
Personal Data collected: various types of Data.
DISPLAYING CONTENT FROM EXTERNAL PLATFORMS
This type of service allows you to view content hosted on external platforms directly from the pages of Andrewmbyrne.com and interact with them.
This type of service might still collect web traffic data for the pages where the service is installed, even when Users do not use it.
YouTube video widget (Google Inc.)
YouTube is a video content visualization service provided by Google Inc. that allows Andrewmbyrne.com to incorporate content of this kind on its pages.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy. Privacy Shield participant.
YouTube video widget without cookies (Google Inc.)
YouTube is a video content visualization service provided by Google Inc. that allows Andrewmbyrne.com to incorporate content of this kind on its pages.
This widget is set up in a way that ensures that YouTube won’t store information and cookies about Users on Andrewmbyrne.com unless they play the video.
Personal Data collected: Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy. Privacy Shield participant.
Instagram widget (Instagram, Inc.)
Instagram is an image visualization service provided by Instagram, Inc. that allows Andrewmbyrne.com to incorporate content of this kind on its pages.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.
Apple Pay (Apple Inc.)
Apple Pay is a payment service provided by Apple Inc., which allows Users to make payments using their mobile phones.
Personal Data collected: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.
PayPal (PayPal Inc.)
PayPal is a payment service provided by PayPal Inc., which allows Users to make online payments.
Personal Data collected: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: See the PayPal privacy policy – Privacy Policy.
PayPal Carrier Payments (PayPal Inc.)
PayPal Carrier Payments is a payment service provided by PayPal, Inc., which allows Users to make online payments using their mobile phone operator.
Personal Data collected: phone number and various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: See the PayPal privacy policy – Privacy Policy.
PayPal Payments Hub (PayPal Inc.)
PayPal Payments Hub is a payment service provided by PayPal Inc.
Personal Data collected: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: See the PayPal privacy policy – Privacy Policy.
Stripe (Stripe Inc)
Stripe is a payment service provided by Stripe Inc.
Personal Data collected: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy. Privacy Shield participant.
HEAT MAPPING AND SESSION RECORDING
Heat mapping services are used to display the areas of a page where Users most frequently move the mouse or click. This shows where the points of interest are. These services make it possible to monitor and analyze web traffic and keep track of User behavior.
Some of these services may record sessions and make them available for later visual playback.
SumoMe Heat Maps (Sumo Group Inc.)
SumoMe Heat Maps is a heat mapping service provided by Sumo Group Inc.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.
HOSTING AND BACKEND INFRASTRUCTURE
This type of service has the purpose of hosting Data and files that enable Andrewmbyrne.com to run and be distributed as well as to provide a ready-made infrastructure to run specific features or parts of Andrewmbyrne.com. Some of these services work through geographically distributed servers, making it difficult to determine the actual location where the Personal Data are stored.
Amazon Web Services (AWS) (Amazon Web Services, Inc.)
Amazon Web Services is a hosting and backend service provided by Amazon.com Inc.
Personal Data collected: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy. Privacy Shield participant.
YouTube button and social widgets (Google Inc.)
The YouTube button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the YouTube social network provided by Google Inc.
Personal Data collected: Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy. Privacy Shield participant.
Facebook Like button and social widgets (Facebook, Inc.)
The Facebook Like button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the Facebook social network provided by Facebook, Inc.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy. Privacy Shield participant.
PayPal button and widgets (PayPal Inc.)
The PayPal button and widgets are services allowing interaction with the PayPal platform provided by PayPal Inc.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: See the PayPal privacy policy – Privacy Policy.
MANAGING CONTACTS AND SENDING MESSAGES
This type of service makes it possible to manage a database of email contacts, phone contacts or any other contact information to communicate with the User.
These services may also collect data concerning the date and time when the message was viewed by the User, as well as when the User interacted with it, such as by clicking on links included in the message.
MailChimp (The Rocket Science Group, LLC.)
MailChimp is an email address management and message sending service provided by The Rocket Science Group, LLC.
Personal Data collected: email address and first name.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy. Privacy Shield participant.
PLATFORM SERVICES AND HOSTING
These services have the purpose of hosting and running key components of Andrewmbyrne.com, therefore allowing the provision of Andrewmbyrne.com from within a unified platform. Such platforms provide a wide range of tools to the Owner – e.g. analytics, user registration, commenting, database management, e-commerce, payment processing – that imply the collection and handling of Personal Data. Some of these services work through geographically distributed servers, making it difficult to determine the actual location where the Personal Data are stored.
Squarespace (Squarespace, Inc)
Squarespace is a platform provided by Squarespace, Inc. that allows the Owner to build, run and host Andrewmbyrne.com. Squarespace is highly customizable and can host websites from simple blogs to complex e-commerce platforms.
Personal Data collected: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.
REGISTRATION AND AUTHENTICATION
By registering or authenticating, Users allow Andrewmbyrne.com to identify them and give them access to dedicated services.
Depending on what is described below, third parties may provide registration and authentication services. In this case, Andrewmbyrne.com will be able to access some Data, stored by these third-party services, for registration or identification purposes.
YouTube OAuth (Google Inc.)
YouTube OAuth is a registration and authentication service provided by Google Inc. and is connected to the YouTube network.
Personal Data collected: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy. Privacy Shield participant.
REMARKETING AND BEHAVIORAL TARGETING
This type of service allows Andrewmbyrne.com and its partners to inform, optimize and serve advertising based on past use of Andrewmbyrne.com by the User.
This activity is performed by tracking Usage Data and by using Cookies, information that is transferred to the partners that manage the remarketing and behavioral targeting activity.
In addition to any opt out offered by any of the services below, the User may opt out of a third-party service’s use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
Facebook Custom Audience (Facebook, Inc.)
Facebook Custom Audience is a remarketing and behavioral targeting service provided by Facebook, Inc. that connects the activity of Andrewmbyrne.com with the Facebook advertising network.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and email address.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt Out. Privacy Shield participant.
Facebook Remarketing (Facebook, Inc.)
Facebook Remarketing is a remarketing and behavioral targeting service provided by Facebook, Inc. that connects the activity of Andrewmbyrne.com with the Facebook advertising network.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt Out. Privacy Shield participant.
FURTHER INFORMATION ABOUT PERSONAL DATA
ANALYSIS AND PREDICTIONS BASED ON THE USER’S DATA (“PROFILING”)
The Owner may use the Personal and Usage Data collected through Andrewmbyrne.com to create or update User profiles. This type of Data processing allows the Owner to evaluate User choices, preferences and behaviour for the purposes outlined in the respective section of this document.
User profiles can also be created through the use of automated tools like algorithms, which can also be provided by third parties. To find out more, about the profiling activities performed, Users can check the relevant sections of this document.
The User always has a right to object to this kind of profiling activity. To find out more about the User’s rights and how to exercise them, the User is invited to consult the section of this document outlining the rights of the User.
SELLING GOODS AND SERVICES ONLINE
The Personal Data collected are used to provide the User with services or to sell goods, including payment and possible delivery.
The Personal Data collected to complete the payment may include the credit card, the bank account used for the transfer, or any other means of payment envisaged. The kind of Data collected by Andrewmbyrne.com depends on the payment system used.
THE RIGHTS OF USERS
Users may exercise certain rights regarding their Data processed by the Owner.
In particular, Users have the right to do the following:
• Withdraw their consent at any time. Users have the right to withdraw consent where they have previously given their consent to the processing of their Personal Data.
• Object to processing of their Data. Users have the right to object to the processing of their Data if the processing is carried out on a legal basis other than consent. Further details are provided in the dedicated section below.
• Access their Data. Users have the right to learn if Data is being processed by the Owner, obtain disclosure regarding certain aspects of the processing and obtain a copy of the Data undergoing processing.
• Verify and seek rectification. Users have the right to verify the accuracy of their Data and ask for it to be updated or corrected.
• Restrict the processing of their Data. Users have the right, under certain circumstances, to restrict the processing of their Data. In this case, the Owner will not process their Data for any purpose other than storing it.
• Have their Personal Data deleted or otherwise removed. Users have the right, under certain circumstances, to obtain the erasure of their Data from the Owner.
• Receive their Data and have it transferred to another controller. Users have the right to receive their Data in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format and, if technically feasible, to have it transmitted to another controller without any hindrance. This provision is applicable provided that the Data is processed by automated means and that the processing is based on the User’s consent, on a contract which the User is part of or on pre-contractual obligations thereof.
• Lodge a complaint. Users have the right to bring a claim before their competent data protection authority.
DETAILS ABOUT THE RIGHT TO OBJECT TO PROCESSING
Where Personal Data is processed for a public interest, in the exercise of an official authority vested in the Owner or for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner, Users may object to such processing by providing a ground related to their particular situation to justify the objection.
Users must know that, however, should their Personal Data be processed for direct marketing purposes, they can object to that processing at any time without providing any justification. To learn, whether the Owner is processing Personal Data for direct marketing purposes, Users may refer to the relevant sections of this document.
HOW TO EXERCISE THESE RIGHTS
Any requests to exercise User rights can be directed to the Owner through the contact details provided in this document. These requests can be exercised free of charge and will be addressed by the Owner as early as possible and always within one month.
COOKIE POLICY
Andrewmbyrne.com uses Cookies. To learn more and for a detailed cookie notice, the User may consult the Cookie Policy.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ABOUT DATA COLLECTION AND PROCESSING
LEGAL ACTION
The User’s Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Owner in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of Andrewmbyrne.com or the related Services.
The User declares to be aware that the Owner may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ABOUT USER’S PERSONAL DATA
In addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, Andrewmbyrne.com may provide the User with additional and contextual information concerning particular Services or the collection and processing of Personal Data upon request.
SYSTEM LOGS AND MAINTENANCE
For operation and maintenance purposes, Andrewmbyrne.com and any third-party services may collect files that record interaction with Andrewmbyrne.com (System logs) use other Personal Data (such as the IP Address) for this purpose.
INFORMATION NOT CONTAINED IN THIS POLICY
More details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from the Owner at any time. Please see the contact information at the beginning of this document.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
The Owner reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by giving notice to its Users on this page and possibly within Andrewmbyrne.com and/or – as far as technically and legally feasible – sending a notice to Users via any contact information available to the Owner. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom.
Should the changes affect processing activities performed on the basis of the User’s consent, the Owner shall collect new consent from the User, where required.
DEFINITIONS AND LEGAL REFERENCES
Personal Data (or Data)
Any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information — including a personal identification number — allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person.
Usage Data
Information collected automatically through Andrewmbyrne.com (or third-party services employed in Andrewmbyrne.com), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use Andrewmbyrne.com, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server’s answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User’s IT environment.
User
The individual using Andrewmbyrne.com who, unless otherwise specified, coincides with the Data Subject.
Data Subject
The natural person to whom the Personal Data refers.
Data Processor (or Data Supervisor)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller, as described in this privacy policy.
Data Controller (or Owner)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of Andrewmbyrne.com. The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of Andrewmbyrne.com.
Andrewmbyrne.com (or this Application)
The means by which the Personal Data of the User is collected and processed.
Service
The service provided by Andrewmbyrne.com as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this site/application.
European Union (or EU)
Unless otherwise specified, all references made within this document to the European Union include all current member states to the European Union and the European Economic Area.
Cookies
Small sets of data stored in the User’s device.
Legal information
This privacy statement has been prepared based on provisions of multiple legislations, including Art. 13/14 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation).
Latest update: May 25, 2018