http://www.thimganhayden.com/privacy-policy
Selection of Work
Newsletter Sign Up
Image Links
Home
Artwork
Available Gallery
Originals Under $1,000
Archive
Commissions
Prints and Gifts
About Print Process
Prints Shop
Cards and Gifts
About
About
For You
For Painters
For Art Lovers
Blog
My Privacy PolicyI'd like to let you know that I collect personal data, like your name and email address, and any other optional information you choose to give me for the exclusive use of voluntary communication and sales. It is my intention to protect your privacy as well as I am able. I will not share or sell your information. You are free to opt out of my email list at any time, and links to do so are in the footer of my newsletters.MAILING LISTIf you choose to receive regular communications from me through my email service, your personal information is held in my 3rd party mail server and list builder, Mailchimp. Mailchimp is GDPR compliant and will not use, make public, or sell or share your information. Please visit Mailchimp's website to read their privacy policy. Again, you opted in on my website, and you may opt out of communications with me at any time.COLLECTION OF COOKIESI use cookies on this site, which anonymously tracks visitors to determine what my most useful and popular artwork and information is. This helps me create relevant content.The data collected is anonymous and will never be used in any attempt to track a specific visitor (I don't think it could be done and I have no wish to try). Analytics tracking is done through this website platform, Squarespace. which is GDPR compliant, and Google Analytics.LINKS AND THIRD PARTIESThimgan Hayden Studio uses social follow and share buttons and links, and sometime re-posts content made by others in an acceptable manner, giving proper attribution/ authorship. I are not responsible for the adherence to privacy policies that third parties, such as YouTube, Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, and others not limited to those mentioned here may have. You are free to visit each connected site or platform's privacy policy if you are concerned or curious.MY OFFLINE STORAGEWhen a project with a client is initiated, I, Thimgan, will collect, with written consent, only the necessary information needed to conduct business. I will store receipts with your address, phone number, name, and email address, and artwork information indefinitely unless requested not to. Transactions conducted online are processed securely through Squarespace (my site host), and either PayPal or Stripe and your credit card company or bank or credit union. If a sale is made in person, I will shred or burn (such violence!) any written credit card information as soon as the sale goes through. On top of that, I am an honest person, and the only time I would share information would be in the case of discovering criminal activity of the part of a client or account, and authorities would be notified. AFFILIATE MARKETINGAt some point in the future, this site may display affiliate links as deemed helpful and appropriate. I only affiliate for organizations or persons with products that I happily endorse as useful and valuable resources. I am not responsible for their collection and use of your data. Please check with any outside service providers that you are unsure of.If you have any further questions about how your information is held or used, please feel free to contact me. Thank you!
Here’s a link to my website Privacy Policy. Thank you! Privacy is good:)