https://www.barrettandcoe.co.uk/privacy-policy/
skip to Main Content
01603 629 739
enquire@barrettandcoe.co.uk
TwitterFacebookInstagram
Privacy Notice
Barrett & Coe Limited – Privacy Notice – Dated: 30th September 2019
WHO IS BEHIND BARRETT & COE PHOTOGRAPHY STUDIOS?
Barrett & Coe Limited is the franchisor for its franchisees, who run Barrett & Coe Photography Studios across the United Kingdom.
Registered office: Saxon House, Hellesdon Park Road, Norwich, NR6 5DR
Registration number: 2751893
VAT registration number: 595 3171 19
This website privacy notice describes how Barrett & Coe Limited (“We” or “us” ) as a controller under the Data Protection Act 2018, protects and makes use of the information you give us and when you use this website. If you are asked to provide information when using this website, it will only be used in the ways described in this privacy notice. This notice is updated from time to time without notice to you, and is published on this page.
WHAT DO WE DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We gather and use certain information about individuals in order to provide products and services and to enable certain functions on this website. We collect personal data from site registrants. If you provide your data and give us permission, we may use your data to maintain Email, Telephone, SMS and offline contact with you. We also collect information to better understand how visitors use this website and to present timely, relevant information to them. In the event you are registering for a Baby/Family/Pet photography session, your details will be sent to one of our Franchise Studios or an Barrett & Coe Approved and Recommended photographer.
WHAT CHOICES DO I HAVE ABOUT HOW MY DATA IS USED?
You may opt out of receiving information from us by e-mail, telephone, fax or post. To exercise your choices, indicate your wishes on the registration form, unsubscribe using the link in our emails, call + 44 (0)1603 629739, or email us at enquire@barrettandcoe.co.uk
You may request a copy of the information held about you by writing to: Barrett & Coe Limited, 79 Thorpe Road, Norwich, NR1 1UA, UK.
WHAT DATA DO WE GATHER?
We may collect the following information:
Name
Address
Contact information; including email address
Demographic information such as postcode
Website usage data
Other information relevant to customer enquiries
Other information pertaining to special offers and competitions
WHERE DO WE PROCESS DATA?
We process data at our offices at Barrett & Coe Limited, 79 Thorpe Road, Norwich, NR1 1UA, UK as well as the offices of the studio you may participate in a photography experience, and (under contract) at the sites of data processors and third parties appointed by us.
We apply UK data protection law to our processing.
HOW DO WE KEEP DATA SECURE?
While We have implemented reasonable technical and organisational precautions to protect the security and integrity of personal data provided to our website, due to the inherent nature of the internet as an open global communications vehicle, We cannot guarantee that information, during transmission through the internet or while stored on our system or otherwise in our care, will be absolutely safe from intrusion by others, such as hackers. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your personal data. We strive to protect information transmitted on or through the website or services, however, We cannot and do not guarantee the security of any information you transmit on or through the website, and you do so at your own risk. We cannot and do not guarantee the security of your data and information. When we use third parties to process your personal data we ensure that we have suitable contractual controls in place with them.
HOW DO WE USE THIS INFORMATION?
Collecting this data helps us understand what you are looking for from the company, enabling us to deliver improved products and services.
Specifically, we may use the data:
For our own internal records
To process online orders and online registrations forms
To improve products and services
To contact you in response to a specific enquiry
To send you promotional emails or call you about products, services, offers and other things we think may be relevant to you.
To contact you via email, telephone, SMS or mail for market research reasons
We do so on the basis that such use of your information is necessary: (i) to fulfil a contract that we have in place with you, (ii) for the purposes of our or a third party’s legitimate interests; or (iii) for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or (iv) where you have given Us your consent.
HOW DO WE USE COOKIES?
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer, with your permission, in order to let websites do several important things, including remember what’s in your shopping basket and which pages you have visited.
Barrett & Coe Limited uses the following categories of cookies:
Strictly necessary cookies: These do not require consent and are vital to make the website work properly. This category of cookie may include those which allow online shopping baskets to function.
Performance cookies: These cookies generally help the website operator fix bugs or glitches on the website. They may also provide analytics on which web pages are popular, allowing the website operator to improve the quality of the user’s experience.
Functionality cookies: These may include settings like “remember me” buttons, language settings, text size and anything that remembers the particular settings chosen by the user. These cookies can be persistent or session cookies, which generally have a longer lifespan than other cookies.
Analytics cookies: These analyse our web traffic using analytics packages. Aggregated usage data helps us to improve the website structure, design, content and functions.
HOW TO CONTROL COOKIES
When you first visit this website we ask for your consent to use cookies. You can choose not to accept cookies but please be aware that services you request may not be available. If you delete your cookies or clear your cache, you may be asked to give your consent again. This is because a cookie is usually used to remember the choice you made the first time.
If you wish to revoke your consent to the use of cookies on this website you can either delete the cookies in your browser’s memory or clear your cache.
If you wish to prevent cookies being set before you visit this website, or most other websites, you can set your browser to block cookies. Most browsers allow you to do this in their settings.
If you would like to know more about cookies, please visit the ICO website
WHAT HAPPENS WHEN I FOLLOW LINKS ON THE SITE?
If you follow links to other sites from our website your data will be subject to the privacy policies of those sites. You should refer to these policies before providing your data.
CONTROLLING INFORMATION ABOUT YOU
When you fill a form or provide your details on our website, you will see one or more tick boxes allowing you to opt-in to receive marketing communications from us by email, telephone, SMS or post.
If you have agreed that we can use your information for marketing purposes, you can change your mind easily, via one of these methods:
Send us an email to enquire@barrettandcoe.co.uk
Write to us at Barrett & Coe Limited, 79 Thorpe Road, Norwich, NR1 1UA, UK
We will never lease, distribute or sell your personal information to third parties unless the law requires us to.
Any personal information we hold about you is stored and processed under our data protection notice, in line with the Data Protection Act 2018.
RETENTION
Your personal data will be retained for as long is reasonably necessary for the purposes listed above or as required by applicable local law. Please contact us for further details of applicable retention periods.
We may keep an anonymised form of your personal data, which will no longer refer to you, for statistical purposes without time limits, to the extent that we have a legitimate and lawful interest in doing so.
YOUR RIGHTS
You have the right to: (i) request information on and access to all the personal data We hold about you; (ii) request that any inaccurate personal data We hold be corrected; (iii) to object to certain types of processing of your personal data We carry out (including the right to opt-out of any direct marketing); (iv) request that We delete the personal data We hold about you; and (v) to request a copy of your personal data in a machine reasonable, commonly used format (or to request We transfer your personal data in such a format to a third party service provider). These rights, such as those relating to requests to delete your personal data, will need to be submitted to us. We will consider such requests and respond to you within one month.
WHAT HAPPENS WHEN THIS NOTICE CHANGES?
Changes may be necessary to this notice to reflect legal or data processing developments. If we change the notice we will provide information on our website so that users can review the changes. Any significantly different use of your data will be communicated to you and you will be able to choose whether you agree to the new use.
HOW YOU CAN REACH US
If you have any questions about this notice, please email enquire@barrettandcoe.co.uk or write to:
Barrett & Coe Limited, 79 Thorpe Road, Norwich, NR1 1UA, UK
Tel + 44 (0)1603 629739
Last Updated 30th September 2019
Copyright © 2020 · Barrett and Coe Limited 02751893 · Built by Business Webpage Limited · Privacy Policy
Back To Top×
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thank you