http://www.emmis.com/terms-of-use/
Skip to content
English | Espaol
Website Terms of Use
Last Modified: August 30, 2017
Acceptance of the Terms of Use
Welcome to the website owned, directly or indirectly, by Emmis Operating Company (“Company,” “We,” or “Us”). The following terms and conditions, together with any documents they expressly incorporate by reference, (collectively, these “Terms of Use”), govern your access to and use of this website, through which you accessed these Terms of Use (the Website), whether as a guest or a registered user.
Please read the Terms of Use carefully before you start to use the Website. By using the Website or by registering as a user, you accept and agree to be bound and abide by these Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy, found at the link set forth at the bottom of the Website, incorporated herein by reference. If you do not want to agree to these Terms of Use or the Privacy Policy, you must not access or use the Website.
The Website is offered and available to users who are 18 years of age or older, and reside in the United States or any of its territories or possessions. By using the Website, you represent and warrant that you are of legal age to form a binding contract with the Company and meet all of the foregoing eligibility requirements. If you do not meet all of these requirements, you must not access or use the Website.
Changes to the Terms of Use
We may revise and update these Terms of Use from time to time in our sole discretion. All changes are effective immediately when we post them, and apply to all access to and use of the Website thereafter. However, any changes to the dispute resolution provisions set forth in Governing Law and Jurisdiction will not apply to any disputes for which the parties have actual notice on or prior to the date the change is posted on the Website.
Your continued use of the Website following the posting of revised Terms of Use means that you accept and agree to the changes. You are expected to check this page each time you access the Website so you are aware of any changes, as they are binding on you.
Accessing the Website and Account Security
We reserve the right to withdraw or amend the Website, and any service or material we provide on the Website, in our sole discretion without notice. We will not be liable if for any reason all or any part of the Website is unavailable at any time or for any period. From time to time, we may restrict access to some parts of the Website, or the entire Website, to users, including registered users.
You are responsible for:
Making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to the Website.
Ensuring that all persons who access the Website through your internet connection are aware of these Terms of Use and comply with them.
To access the Website or some of the resources it offers, you may be asked to provide certain registration details or other information. It is a condition of your use of the Website that all the information you provide on the Website is correct, current and complete. You agree that all information you provide to register with the Website or otherwise, including but not limited to through the use of any interactive features on the Website, is governed by our Privacy Policy, and you consent to all actions we take with respect to your information consistent with our Privacy Policy.
If you choose, or are provided with, a user name, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential, and you must not disclose it to any other person or entity. You also acknowledge that your account is personal to you and agree not to provide any other person with access to the Website or portions of it using your user name, password or other security information. You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized access to or use of your user name or password or any other breach of security. You also agree to ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. You should use particular caution when accessing your account from a public or shared computer so that others are not able to view or record your password or other personal information.
We have the right to disable any user name, password or other identifier, whether chosen by you or provided by us, at any time in our sole discretion for any or no reason, including if, in our opinion, you have violated any provision of these Terms of Use.
Intellectual Property Rights
The Website and its contents, features, and functionality (including but not limited to all information, software, text, displays, images, video and audio, and the design, selection and arrangement thereof), are owned by the Company, its licensors or other providers of such material and are protected by United States and international copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret and other intellectual property (IP) or proprietary rights laws.
You must not reproduce, distribute, modify, create derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, republish, download, store or transmit any of our IP, except as follows:
Your computer may temporarily store copies of such materials in RAM incidental to your accessing and viewing those materials.
You may store files that are automatically cached by your Web browser for display enhancement purposes.
You may print or download one copy of a reasonable number of pages of the Website for your own personal, non-commercial use and not for further reproduction, publication or distribution.
If we provide desktop, mobile or other applications for download, you may download a single copy to your computer or mobile device solely for your own personal, non-commercial use, provided you agree to be bound by our end user license agreement for such applications.
If we provide social media features with certain content, you may take such actions as are enabled by such features. Any actions you take are your own responsibility and we will not be directly or indirectly liable or responsible for your actions.
If we provide images, advertising copy, audio or video recordings or other materials for you to download and use, you may only use such materials in accordance with the use limitations we specify at the time of download.
You must not:
Modify copies of any materials from this site.
Use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from the accompanying text.
Delete or alter any copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights notices from copies of materials from this site.
If you wish to make any use of our IP other than that set out in this section, please address your request to the email address listed at the end of these Terms of Use.
If you print, copy, modify, download or otherwise use or provide any other person with access to any part of the Website in breach of the Terms of Use, your right to use the Website will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made. No right, title or interest in or to our IP is transferred to you, and all rights not expressly granted are reserved by the Company. Any use of the Website not expressly permitted by these Terms of Use is a breach of these Terms of Use and may violate copyright, trademark and other laws.
Trademarks
The Company name, the Company logo, the publisher name, the publisher logo, the station name, the station logo and all related names, logos, product and service names, designs and slogans are trademarks of the Company or its affiliates or licensors. You must not use such marks without the prior written permission of the Company. All other names, logos, product and service names, designs and slogans on the Website are the trademarks of their respective owners.
Prohibited Uses
You may use the Website only for lawful purposes and in accordance with these Terms of Use. You agree not to use the Website:
In any way that violates any applicable federal, state, local or international law or regulation (including, without limitation, any laws regarding the export of data or software to and from the US or other countries).
For the purpose of exploiting, harming or attempting to exploit or harm minors in any way by exposing them to inappropriate content, asking for personally identifiable information or otherwise.
To send, knowingly receive, upload, download, use or re-use any material which does not comply with the Content Standards set forth below set out in these Terms of Use.
To transmit, or procure the sending of, any advertising or promotional material without our prior written consent, including any “junk mail”, “chain letter” or “spam” or any other similar solicitation.
To impersonate or attempt to impersonate the Company, a Company employee, another user or any other person or entity (including, without limitation, by using e-mail addresses or screen names associated with any of the foregoing).
To engage in any other conduct that restricts or inhibits anyone’s use or enjoyment of the Website, or which, as determined by us, may harm the Company or users of the Website or expose them to liability.
Additionally, you agree not to:
Use the Website in any manner that could disable, overburden, damage, or impair the site or interfere with any other party’s use of the Website, including their ability to engage in real time activities through the Website.
Use any robot, spider or other automatic device, process or means to access the Website for any purpose, including monitoring or copying any of the material on the Website.
Use any manual process to monitor or copy any of the material on the Website or for any other unauthorized purpose without our prior written consent.
Use any device, software or routine that interferes with the proper working of the Website.
Introduce any viruses, trojan horses, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful.
Attempt to gain unauthorized access to, interfere with, damage or disrupt any parts of the Website, the server on which the Website is stored, or any server, computer or database connected to the Website.
Attack the Website via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of-service attack. Otherwise attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Website.
User Contributions
The Website may contain message boards, chat rooms, personal web pages or profiles, blogs, forums, bulletin boards, news articles, social posting via Facebook, Twitter and other social networks, and other interactive features (collectively, “Interactive Services”) that allow users to post, submit, publish, display or transmit to other users or other persons (hereinafter, “post”) content or materials (collectively, “User Contributions”) on or through the Website.
All User Contributions must comply with the Content Standards set out in these Terms of Use.
Any User Contribution you post to the site will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. By providing any User Contribution on the Website, you grant us and our affiliates and service providers, and each of their and our respective licensees, successors and assigns the right to use, reproduce, modify, perform, display, distribute and otherwise disclose to third parties any such material for any purpose.
You represent and warrant that:
You own or control all rights in and to the User Contributions and have the right to grant the license granted above to us and our affiliates and service providers, and each of their and our respective licensees, successors and assigns.
All of your User Contributions do and will comply with these Terms of Use.
You understand and acknowledge that you are responsible for any User Contributions you submit or contribute, and you, not the Company, have fully responsibility for such content, including its legality, reliability, accuracy and appropriateness.
We are not responsible, or liable to any third party, for the content or accuracy of any User Contributions posted by you or any other user of the Website.
Monitoring and Enforcement; Termination
We have the right to:
Remove or refuse to post any User Contributions for any or no reason in our sole discretion.
Take any action with respect to any User Contribution that we deem necessary or appropriate in our sole discretion, including if we believe that such User Contribution violates the Terms of Use, including the Content Standards, infringes any intellectual property right or other right of any person or entity, threatens the personal safety of users of the Website or the public or could create liability for the Company.
Disclose your identity or other information about you to any third party who claims that material posted by you violates their rights, including their intellectual property rights or their right to privacy.
Take appropriate legal action, including without limitation, referral to law enforcement, for any illegal or unauthorized use of the Website.
Terminate or suspend your access to all or part of the Website for any or no reason, including without limitation, any violation of these Terms of Use.
Without limiting the foregoing, we have the right to fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing us to disclose the identity or other information of anyone posting any materials on or through the Website. YOU WAIVE AND HOLD HARMLESS THE COMPANY AND ITS AFFILIATES, LICENSEES AND SERVICE PROVIDERS FROM ANY CLAIMS RESULTING FROM ANY ACTION TAKEN BY THE COMPANY OR ANY OF THE FOREGOING PARTIES DURING OR AS A RESULT OF ITS OR THEIR INVESTIGATIONS AND FROM ANY ACTIONS TAKEN AS A CONSEQUENCE OF INVESTIGATIONS BY EITHER THE COMPANY/SUCH PARTIES OR LAW ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITIES.
However, we do not undertake to review all material before it is posted on the Website, and cannot ensure prompt removal of objectionable material after it has been posted. Accordingly, we assume no liability for any action or inaction regarding transmissions, communications or content provided by any user or third party. We have no liability or responsibility to anyone for performance or nonperformance of the activities described in this section.
Content Standards
These content standards apply to any and all User Contributions and use of Interactive Services.
User Contributions must in their entirety comply with all applicable federal, state, local and international laws and regulations. Without limiting the foregoing, User Contributions must not:
Contain any material which is defamatory, obscene, indecent, abusive, offensive, harassing, violent, hateful, inflammatory or otherwise objectionable.
Promote sexually explicit or pornographic material, violence, or discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age.
Infringe any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other intellectual property or other rights of any other person.
Violate the legal rights (including the rights of publicity and privacy) of others or contain any material that could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under applicable laws or regulations or that otherwise may be in conflict with these Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
Be likely to deceive any person.
Promote any illegal activity, or advocate, promote or assist any unlawful act.
Cause annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety or be likely to upset, embarrass, alarm or annoy any other person.
Impersonate any person, or misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person or organization.
Involve contests, sweepstakes and other sales promotions, barter or advertising.
Give the impression that they emanate from or are endorsed by us or any other person or entity, if this is not the case.
Copyright Infringement
The Company respects the intellectual property rights of third parties and complies with the terms of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) regarding such rights. By submitting any User Contributions through this Website, you are granting permission to have the User Contributions posted on this Website and are representing that you are the rightful owner of the User Contributions, and that no one else may claim any rights to such submitted content. The Company reserves the right to remove any infringing material from the Website. Such actions do not affect or modify any other rights the Company or others may have under law or contract.
If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, provide written notification thereof, in accordance with the DMCA to the Companys Designated Agent, who can be reached as follows:
By regular mail:
DMCA Designated Agent
c/o Legal Department
Emmis Operating Company
40 Monument Circle, Suite 700
Indianapolis, Indiana 46204
By Facsimile: (317) 684-5583
By Email: copyright@emmis.com
This reporting process relates to reporting a claim of copyright infringement only. Messages related to others matter will not receive a response through this process. Messages related to such other matters should instead be directed to the Website contact information listed at the end of these Terms of Use.
In accordance with the DMCA and other applicable law, we have adopted a policy of terminating, in appropriate circumstances and at our sole discretion, subscribers or account holders who are deemed to be repeat infringers. We may also at our sole discretion limit access to our Website and/or terminate the accounts of any users who infringe any intellectual property rights of others, whether or not there is any repeat infringement.
Reliance on Information Posted
The information presented on or through the Website is made available solely for general information purposes. We do not warrant the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of this information. Any reliance you place on such information is strictly at your own risk. We disclaim all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance placed on such materials by you or any other visitor to the Website, or by anyone who may be informed of any of its contents.
The Website may include content provided by third parties, including materials provided by other users. All statements and/or opinions expressed in these materials, and all articles and responses to questions and other content, other than the content provided by the Company, are solely the opinions and the responsibility of the person or entity providing those materials. These materials do not necessarily reflect the opinion of the Company. We are not responsible, or liable to you or any third party, for the content or accuracy of any materials provided by any third parties.
Changes to the Website
We may update the content on the Website from time to time, but its content is not necessarily complete or up-to-date. Any of the material on the Website may be out of date at any given time, and we are under no obligation to update such material.
Information About You and Your Visits to the Website
All information we collect on the Website is subject to our Privacy Policy. By using the Website, you consent to all actions taken by us with respect to your information in compliance with the Privacy Policy.
Linking to the Website and Social Media Features
You may link to our homepage, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part without our express written consent.
The Website may provide certain social media features that enable you to:
Link from your own or certain third-party websites to certain content on the Website.
Send e-mails or other communications with certain content, or links to certain content, on the Website.
Cause limited portions of content on the Website to be displayed or appear to be displayed on your own or certain third-party websites.
You may use these features solely as they are provided by us, and solely with respect to the content they are displayed with and otherwise in accordance with any additional terms and conditions we provide with respect to such features. Subject to the foregoing, you must not:
Establish a link from any website that is not owned by you.
Cause the Website or portions of it to be displayed, or appear to be displayed by, for example, framing, deep linking or in-line linking, on any other site.
Otherwise take any action with respect to the materials on the Website that is inconsistent with any other provision of these Terms of Use.
The Website from which you are linking, or on which you make certain content accessible, must comply in all respects with the Content Standards set out in these Terms of Use.
You agree to cooperate with us in causing any unauthorized framing or linking immediately to cease. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.
We may disable all or any social media features and any links at any time without notice in our discretion.
Links from the Website
If the Website contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your convenience only. This includes links contained in advertisements, including banner advertisements and sponsored links. We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources, and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them. If you decide to access any of the third party websites linked to the Website, you do so entirely at your own risk and subject to the terms and conditions of use for such websites.
Geographic Restrictions
The owner of the Website is based in the state of Indiana in the United States. We provide the Website for use only by persons located in the United States. We make no claims that the Website or any of its content is accessible or appropriate outside of the United States. Access to the Website may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries. If you access the Website from outside the United States, you do so on your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws.
Disclaimer of Warranties
You understand that we cannot and do not guarantee or warrant that files available for downloading from the internet or the Website will be free of viruses or other destructive code. You are responsible for implementing sufficient procedures and checkpoints to satisfy your particular requirements for anti-virus protection and accuracy of data input and output, and for maintaining a means external to our site for any reconstruction of any lost data. WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE CAUSED BY A DISTRIBUTED DENIAL-OF-SERVICE ATTACK, VIRUSES OR OTHER TECHNOLOGICALLY HARMFUL MATERIAL THAT MAY INFECT YOUR COMPUTER EQUIPMENT, COMPUTER PROGRAMS, DATA OR OTHER PROPRIETARY MATERIAL DUE TO YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE OR ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE OR TO YOUR DOWNLOADING OF ANY MATERIAL POSTED ON IT, OR ON ANY WEBSITE LINKED TO IT.
YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE, ITS CONTENT AND ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. THE WEBSITE, ITS CONTENT AND ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. NEITHER THE COMPANY NOR ANY PERSON ASSOCIATED WITH THE COMPANY MAKES ANY WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION WITH RESPECT TO THE COMPLETENESS, SECURITY, RELIABILITY, QUALITY, ACCURACY OR AVAILABILITY OF THE WEBSITE. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, NEITHER THE COMPANY NOR ANYONE ASSOCIATED WITH THE COMPANY REPRESENTS OR WARRANTS THAT THE WEBSITE, ITS CONTENT OR ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE WILL BE ACCURATE, RELIABLE, ERROR-FREE OR UNINTERRUPTED, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, THAT OUR SITE OR THE SERVER THAT MAKES IT AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS OR THAT THE WEBSITE OR ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE WILL OTHERWISE MEET YOUR NEEDS OR EXPECTATIONS.
THE COMPANY HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
THE FOREGOING DOES NOT AFFECT ANY WARRANTIES WHICH CANNOT BE EXCLUDED OR LIMITED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.
Limitation on Liability
IN NO EVENT WILL THE COMPANY, ITS AFFILIATES OR THEIR LICENSORS, SERVICE PROVIDERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, OFFICERS OR DIRECTORS BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, UNDER ANY LEGAL THEORY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE WEBSITE, ANY WEBSITE LINKED TO IT, ANY CONTENT ON THE WEBSITE OR SUCH OTHER WEBSITE OR ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE OR SUCH OTHER WEBSITE, INCLUDING ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PERSONAL INJURY, PAIN AND SUFFERING, EMOTIONAL DISTRESS, LOSS OF REVENUE, LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF BUSINESS OR ANTICIPATED SAVINGS, LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF GOODWILL, LOSS OF DATA, AND WHETHER CAUSED BY TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), BREACH OF CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF FORESEEABLE.
THE FOREGOING DOES NOT AFFECT ANY LIABILITY WHICH CANNOT BE EXCLUDED OR LIMITED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.
Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its affiliates, licensors and service providers, and its and their respective officers, directors, employees, contractors, agents, licensors, suppliers, successors and assigns from and against any claims, liabilities, damages, judgments, awards, losses, costs, expenses or fees (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) arising out of or relating to your violation of these Terms of Use or your use of the Website, including, but not limited to, your User Contributions, any use of the Websites content, services and products other than as expressly authorized in these Terms of Use or your use of any information obtained from the Website.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
All matters relating to the Website and these Terms of Use and any dispute or claim arising therefrom or related thereto (in each case, including non-contractual disputes or claims), shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Indiana without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Indiana or any other jurisdiction).
Any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of, or related to, these Terms of Use or the Website shall be instituted exclusively in the federal courts of the United States or the courts of the State of Indiana in the city of Indianapolis, although we retain the right to bring any suit, action or proceeding against you for breach of these Terms of Use in your state or country of residence or any other relevant state or country. You waive any and all objections to the exercise of jurisdiction over you by such courts and to venue in such courts.
Limitation on Time to File Claims
ANY CAUSE OF ACTION OR CLAIM YOU MAY HAVE ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS OF USE OR THE WEBSITE MUST BE COMMENCED WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES, OTHERWISE, SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION OR CLAIM IS PERMANENTLY BARRED.
Waiver and Severability
No waiver by the Company of any term or condition set forth in these Terms of Use shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or condition or a waiver of any other term or condition, and any failure of the Company to assert a right or provision under these Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
If any provision of these Terms of Use is held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be eliminated or limited to the minimum extent such that the remaining provisions of the Terms of Use will continue in full force and effect.
Entire Agreement
The Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy constitute the sole and entire agreement between you and the Company with respect to the Website and supersede all prior and contemporaneous understandings, agreements, representations and warranties, both written and oral, with respect to the Website.
Your Comments and Concerns
The Website is operated by Emmis Operating Company or its affiliates, One EMMIS Plaza, 40 Monument Circle, Suite 700, Indianapolis, IN 46204.
All feedback, comments, requests for technical support, and other communications relating to the Website should be directed to the contact set forth below for this Website.
Website Contact Information:
To contact the Website, you may send communications to:
Emmis Digital Support
40 Monument Cir, #400
Indianapolis, IN 46204
support@emmisdigital.com
Trminos de Uso del Sitio web
ltima modificacin: 17 de octubre de 2017
1. Aceptacin de los Trminos de Uso
Bienvenido al sitio web propiedad de o administrado, directa o indirectamente, por Emmis Operating Company (“Compaa,” “Nosotros” o “Nos”). Los siguientes trminos y condiciones, junto con cualquier documento que expresamente incorporen como referencia, (colectivamente Trminos de Uso), rigen su acceso a y uso de este sitio web, a travs del cual usted accedi a estos Trminos de Uso (el Sitio Web), sea como visitante o usuario registrado.
Por favor lea los Trminos de Uso con atencin antes de comenzar a usar el Sitio Web. Al usar el Sitio Web o registrarse como usuario, usted acepta y acuerda vincularse y cumplir con estos Trminos de Uso y nuestra Poltica de Privacidad, que se encuentran en el enlace ubicado en la parte inferior del Sitio Web, incorporado al presente por referencia. Si no desea aceptar estos Trminos de Uso o la Poltica de Privacidad, no debe acceder a o usar el Sitio Web.
El Sitio Web se ofrece y est disponible para los usuarios mayores de 18 de aos de edad y residentes de los Estados Unidos o cualquiera de sus territorios o posesiones. Al usar el Sitio Web, usted declara y garantiza que usted es mayor de edad para celebrar un contrato vinculante con la Compaa y cumplir con todos los requisitos de elegibilidad antes mencionados. Si no cumple con todos estos requisitos, no debe acceder a o usar el Sitio web.
2. Cambios a los Trminos de Uso
Podemos revisar y actualizar estos Trminos de Uso cada cierto tiempo a nuestro criterio exclusivo. Todos los cambios entran en vigencia de inmediato cuando los publicamos y se aplican a todo el acceso y uso posterior del Sitio Web. Sin embargo, cualquier cambio a las disposiciones de resolucin de disputas establecidas en la Ley y Jurisdiccin Vigente no se aplicar a ninguna disputa para la cual las partes tengan un aviso real en o antes de la fecha en la que el cambio se publique en el Sitio Web.
Su uso continuo del Sitio Web posterior a la publicacin de la revisin de los Trminos de Uso significa que usted acepta y est de acuerdo con los cambios. Se espera que usted revise esta pgina cada vez que acceda al Sitio web de manera que pueda estar al tanto de cualquier cambio, ya que es de obligatorio cumplimiento para usted.
3. Acceder al Sitio Web y seguridad de la cuenta
Nos reservamos el derecho a retirar o modificar el Sitio Web, as como cualquier servicio o material que proporcionemos en el Sitio Web, a nuestro criterio exclusivo sin aviso. No seremos responsables si por alguna razn todo el Sitio Web o alguna parte del mismo no estn disponibles en algn momento o un perodo. Cada cierto tiempo, podemos restringir el acceso a algunas partes del Sitio Web, o a todo el Sitio Web, a los usuarios, incluyendo los usuarios registrados.
Usted es responsable de:
Hacer todos los arreglos necesarios para tener acceso al Sitio Web.
Asegurarse de que todas las personas que accedan al Sitio Web a travs de su conexin a Internet tengan conocimiento de estos Trminos de Uso y cumplan con ellos.
Para acceder al Sitio Web o a algunos de los recursos que ofrece, se le puede pedir que proporcione ciertos datos de registro u otra informacin. La condicin para que pueda usar el Sitio Web es que toda la informacin que suministre en este sea correcta, actual y completa. Usted acepta que toda la informacin que suministre para registrarse con el Sitio Web o de otro modo, incluyendo entre otros el uso de alguna de las funciones interactivas del Sitio web, se rige por nuestra Poltica de Privacidad, y otorga su consentimiento a todas las acciones que tomamos con respecto a su informacin en conformidad con nuestra Poltica de Privacidad.
Si usted elige, o se le asigna, un nombre de usuario, contrasea u otra porcin de informacin como parte de nuestros procedimientos de seguridad, usted debe tratar dicha informacin como confidencial y no debe compartirla con ninguna persona o entidad. Usted tambin reconoce que su cuenta es personal y acepta no otorgarle a cualquier otra persona el acceso al Sitio web o partes del mismo usando su nombre de usuario, contrasea u otra informacin de seguridad. Usted acepta notificarnos de inmediato sobre cualquier acceso o uso no autorizado de su nombre de usuario o contrasea o cualquier otra violacin de seguridad. Usted tambin acepta asegurarse salir de su cuenta al final de cada sesin. Usted debe tener particular precaucin al acceder a su cuenta desde una computadora pblica o compartida de manera que otros no puedan ver o registrar su contrasea u otra informacin personal.
Tenemos el derecho de desactivar cualquier nombre de usuario, contrasea u otro identificador, sea elegido por usted o suministrado por nosotros, en cualquier momento, a nuestro criterio exclusivo, con o sin motivo, incluso si, desde nuestro punto de vista, usted ha violado alguna disposicin de estos Trminos de Uso.
4. Derechos de propiedad intelectual
El Sitio Web y sus contenidos, caractersticas y funcionalidad (incluyendo, entre otros, toda la informacin, software, texto, pantallas, imgenes, video y audio, el diseo, seleccin y disposicin de los mismos) son propiedad de la Compaa, sus licenciantes u otros proveedores de dicho material y estn protegidos por las leyes estadounidenses e internacionales relativas al derecho de autor, marca registrada, patente, secreto comercial y otras leyes de propiedad intelectual (Intellectual Property, IP) o de derechos de propiedad.
Usted no debe reproducir, distribuir, modificar, crear trabajos derivados de, mostrar pblicamente, reproducir pblicamente, volver a publicar, descargar, almacenar o transmitir nada de nuestra IP, excepto por lo siguiente:
Su computadora pueda almacenar temporalmente copias de dichos materiales en la RAM de forma incidental a su acceso y vista de esos materiales.
Usted puede almacenar archivos que su navegador web guarda automticamente en cach con fines de realce de pantalla.
Usted puede imprimir o descargar una copia de un nmero razonable de pginas del Sitio Web para su uso personal, no comercial, sin reproduccin, publicacin o distribucin adicional.
Si suministramos aplicaciones de escritorio, mviles u otras aplicaciones para descargar, usted puede descargar una sola copia en su computadora o dispositivo mvil nicamente para su uso personal, no comercial, siempre que usted acepte cumplir con nuestro contrato de licencia de usuario final para dichas aplicaciones.
Si suministramos funciones de redes sociales con cierto contenido, usted puede tomar aquellas acciones como permitidas por dichas funciones. Cualquier accin que usted tome es bajo su propia responsabilidad y nosotros no seremos responsables, directa o indirectamente, por sus acciones.
Si suministramos imgenes, copia de anuncios grabaciones de audio o video u otros materiales para que usted los descargue y use, usted solo puede usar tales materiales conforme a las limitaciones de uso que especificamos al momento de la descarga.
Usted no debe:
Modificar copias de ninguno de los materiales de este sitio.
Usar cualquiera de las ilustraciones, fotografas, secuencias de video o audio o cualquier grfico separado del texto que lo acompaa.
Borrar o alterar cualquier aviso de derecho de autor, marca registrada u otros derechos de propiedad de las copias de materiales de este sitio.
Si desea hacer uso de alguna de nuestra IP distinta a la establecida en esta seccin, por favor dirija su solicitud al correo electrnico que se indica al final de estos Trminos de Uso.
Si usted imprime, copia, modifica, descarga o de otro modo usa o suministra a alguna otra persona acceso a cualquier parte del Sitio Web en violacin de los Trminos de Uso, su derecho a usar el Sitio Web cesar de inmediato y usted debe, a nuestra eleccin, devolver o destruir cualquier copia de los materiales que haya hecho. No se le transfiere ningn derecho, ttulo, o inters en nuestra IP, y todos los derechos no expresamente otorgados son reservados por la Compaa. Cualquier uso no expresamente permitido por estos Trminos de Uso es una violacin de los mismos y puede infringir las leyes de derecho de autor, marca registrada y otras leyes.
5. Marcas registradas
El nombre de la Compaa, el logotipo de la Compaa, el nombre del editor, el logotipo de la editorial, el nombre de la estacin, el logotipo de la estacin y todos los nombres relacionados, logotipos, nombres de productos y servicios, diseos y lemas son marcas comerciales de la Compaa o sus afiliados o licenciantes. No debe utilizar dichas marcas sin el permiso previo por escrito de la Compaa. Todos los dems nombres, logotipos, nombres de productos y servicios, diseos y lemas en el Sitio Web son marcas comerciales de sus respectivos propietarios.
6. Usos prohibidos
Usted puede usar el Sitio Web solo con fines legtimos y de conformidad con estos Trminos de Uso. Usted acepta no usar el Sitio Web:
De alguna manera que viole cualquier ley o regulacin federal, estatal, local o internacional aplicable (que incluye, entre otras, cualquier ley relativa a la exportacin de datos o software hacia y desde los EE.UU. u otros pases).
Con fines de explotar, daar o intentar daar o explotar menores de edad al exponerlos de alguna manera a contenido inapropiado, pedirles informacin de identificacin personal o de otro modo.
Enviar, recibir deliberadamente, cargar, descargar, usar, reusar cualquier material que no cumpla con los Estndares de Contenido que se exponen ms adelante en estos Trminos de Uso.
Transmitir, o procurar el envo de, cualquier publicidad o material promocional sin nuestro previo consentimiento por escrito, incluyendo cualquier correo basura, carta de cadena o spam o cualquier otra solicitud similar.
Suplantar o intentar suplantar a la Compaa, un empleado de la Compaa, otro usuario o cualquier otra persona o entidad (esto incluye, entre otras cosas, usar direcciones de correo electrnico o nombres de pantalla asociados con alguno de los anteriores).
Participar en cualquier otra conducta que restrinja o inhiba el uso o disfrute de cualquier persona del Sitio Web, o que, segn lo determinemos nosotros, pueda daar a la Compaa o los usuarios del Sitio Web o exponerlos a responsabilidad.
Adems, usted acepta no:
Utilizar el Sitio Web de cualquier manera que pueda deshabilitar, sobrecargar, daar o perjudicar el sitio o interferir con el uso de cualquier parte del Sitio Web, incluyendo su capacidad para participar en actividades en tiempo real a travs del Sitio Web.
Utilizar cualquier robot, araa u otro dispositivo, proceso o medio automtico a fin de acceder al Sitio Web para cualquier propsito, incluyendo monitorear o copiar cualquier material del Sitio Web.
Utilizar cualquier proceso manual para monitorear o copiar algn material del Sitio Web o para cualquier otro fin no autorizado sin nuestro previo consentimiento por escrito.
Utilizar algn dispositivo, software o rutina que interfiera con el adecuado funcionamiento del Sitio Web.
Introducir virus, caballos de Troya, gusanos, bombas lgicas u otro material que sea malicioso o tecnolgicamente daino.
Intentar obtener acceso no autorizado, interferir, daar o interrumpir cualquier parte del Sitio web, el servidor en el que se almacena el Sitio Web o cualquier servidor, computadora o base de datos conectado al Sitio Web.
Atacar el Sitio Web mediante un ataque de denegacin de servicio o un ataque distribuido de denegacin de servicio. Tratar de otro modo de interferir con el buen funcionamiento del Sitio Web.
7. Contribuciones del Usuario
El Sitio Web puede contener tableros de mensajes, salas de chat, pginas o perfiles personales, blogs, foros, carteles de anuncios, artculos de noticias, anuncios sociales a travs de Facebook, Twitter y otras redes sociales, y otras caractersticas interactivas (colectivamente, Servicios Interactivos) que permiten que los usuarios publiquen, enven, publiquen, muestren o transmitan a otros usuarios u otras personas (en adelante, “publicar”) contenido o materiales (colectivamente, “Contribuciones del Usuario”) en o a travs del Sitio Web.
Todas las Contribuciones del Usuario deben cumplir con los Estndares de Contenido que se exponen en estos Trminos de Uso.
Cualquier Contribucin del Usuario que usted publique en el sitio se considerar no confidencial y no privada. Al suministrar cualquier Contribucin del Usuario en el Sitio Web, usted nos otorga a nosotros, nuestros licenciatarios, sucesores y cesionarios el derecho a usar, reproducir, modificar, representar, exhibir, distribuir y de otro modo divulgar a terceros parte de dicho material con cualquier fin.
Usted afirma y garantiza que:
Usted posee o controla todos los derechos sobre las Contribuciones del Usuario y tiene el derecho de otorgar la licencia concedida arriba a nosotros y a nuestros afiliados y proveedores de servicios, y cada uno de sus respectivos licenciatarios, sucesores y cesionarios.
Todas sus Contribuciones del Usuario cumplen y cumplirn con estos Trminos de Uso.
Usted entiende y reconoce que usted es responsable de cualquier Contribucin del Usuario que enve o contribuya, y usted, no la Compaa, tiene plena responsabilidad por dicho contenido, incluyendo su legalidad, confiabilidad, exactitud y conveniencia.
No somos responsables, o responsables ante terceros, por el contenido o la exactitud de las Contribuciones de Usuario publicadas por usted o cualquier otro usuario del Sitio Web.
8. Supervisin y cumplimiento; finalizacin
Tenemos derecha a:
Eliminar o rehusar publicar cualquier Contribucin del Usuario por cualquier o ninguna razn a nuestro criterio exclusivo.
Tomar cualquier accin con respecto a cualquier Contribucin del Usuario que consideremos necesaria o apropiada segn nuestro propio criterio, incluyendo si creemos que dicha Contribucin del Usuario viola los Trminos de Uso, incluyendo los Estndares de Contenido, infringe cualquier derecho de propiedad intelectual u otro derecho de cualquier persona o entidad, amenaza la seguridad personal de los usuarios del Sitio Web o del pblico o podra crear responsabilidad para la Compaa.
Divulgar su identidad u otra informacin sobre usted a cualquier tercero que afirme que el material publicado por usted viola sus derechos, incluyendo sus derechos de propiedad intelectual o su derecho a la privacidad.
Tomar medidas legales apropiadas, incluyendo, sin limitacin, la remisin al orden pblico, por cualquier uso ilegal o no autorizado del Sitio Web.
Terminar o suspender su acceso a todo o parte del Sitio Web por cualquier o ninguna razn, incluyendo, entre otros, cualquier violacin de estos Trminos de Uso.
Sin perjuicio de lo anteriormente mencionado, tenemos el derecho de cooperar plenamente con cualquier autoridad policial o con la orden judicial que nos solicite o indique revelar la identidad u otra informacin de cualquier persona que publique algn material en o a travs del Sitio Web. USTED EXONERA Y MANTIENE INDEMNE A LA EMPRESA Y A SUS AFILIADOS, LICENCIATARIOS Y PROVEEDORES DE SERVICIO DE CUALQUIER RECLAMO RESULTANTE DE CUALQUIER ACCIN TOMADA POR LA COMPAA O CUALQUIERA DE LAS PARTES ANTERIORES DURANTE O COMO RESULTADO DE SUS INVESTIGACIONES Y DE CUALQUIER ACCIN TOMADA COMO CONSECUENCIA DE INVESTIGACIONES POR LA COMPAA/TALES PARTES O LAS AUTORIDADES DEL ORDEN PBLICO.
Sin embargo, no nos comprometemos a revisar todo el material antes de que se publique en el Sitio Web, y no podemos garantizar la eliminacin inmediata de material censurable despus de que se ha publicado. En consecuencia, no asumimos ninguna responsabilidad por cualquier accin o inaccin con respecto a transmisiones, comunicaciones o contenido proporcionado por cualquier usuario o tercero. No tenemos obligacin ni somos responsables ante nadie por el desempeo o el incumplimiento de las actividades descritas en esta seccin.
9. Estndares de Contenido
Estos Estndares de Contenido se aplican a cualquiera y todas las Contribuciones del Usuario y uso de Servicios Interactivos.
Las Contribuciones del Usuario deben, en su totalidad, cumplir con todas las leyes y regulaciones federales, estatales, locales e Internacionales. Sin perjuicio de lo anteriormente mencionado, las Contribuciones del Usuario no deben:
Contener cualquier material que sea difamatorio, obsceno, indecente, abusivo, ofensivo, acosador, violento, odioso, provocativo o de otra manera objetable.
Promover material sexualmente explcito o pornogrfico, violencia o discriminacin por motivos de raza, sexo, religin, nacionalidad, discapacidad, orientacin sexual o edad.
Infringir cualquier patente, marca registrada, secreto comercial, derechos de autor u otra propiedad intelectual u otros derechos de cualquier otra persona.
Violar los derechos legales (incluidos los derechos de publicidad y privacidad) de otros o contener cualquier material que pudiera dar lugar a responsabilidad civil o penal bajo las leyes o regulaciones aplicables o que de otra manera pueda estar en conflicto con estos Trminos de Uso y nuestra Poltica de Privacidad.
Tener el potencial de engaar a cualquier persona.
Promover cualquier actividad ilegal, o abogar, promover o ayudar a cualquier acto ilegal.
Causar molestias, inconvenientes o ansiedad innecesaria o tener el potencial de enojar, avergonzar, alarmar o molestar a cualquier otra persona.
Suplantar a cualquier persona, o falsificar su identidad o afiliacin con cualquier persona u organizacin.
Involucrar concursos, sorteos y otras promociones de ventas, trueque o publicidad.
Dar la impresin de que provienen o son aprobados por nosotros o cualquier otra persona o entidad, si no es el caso.
10. Violacin del derecho de autor
La Compaa respeta los derechos de propiedad intelectual de terceros y cumple con los trminos de la Ley de Derechos de Autor de la Era Digital (Digital Millennium Copyright Act, DMCA) con respecto a dichos derechos. Al enviar cualquier Contribucin del Usuario a travs de este Sitio Web, usted est otorgando permiso para que las Contribuciones del Usuario sean publicadas en este Sitio Web y est afirmando que usted es el propietario legtimo de las Contribuciones del Usuario y que nadie ms puede reclamar ningn derecho sobre dicho contenido. La Compaa se reserva el derecho de eliminar cualquier material infractor del Sitio Web. Tales acciones no afectan ni modifican ningn otro derecho que la Compaa u otros puedan tener bajo la ley o contrato.
Si considera que su trabajo ha sido copiado de una manera que viola el derecho de autor, entregue una notificacin escrita de ello, conforme a la DMCA, al Agente Designado de la Compaa, que puede contactar de la siguiente manera:
Por correo regular:
DMCA Designated Agent
c/o Legal Department
Emmis Operating Company
40 Monument Circle, Suite 700
Indianapolis, Indiana 46204
Por fax: (317) 684-5583
Por correo electrnico: copyright@emmis.com
Este proceso de informes se refiere a la notificacin de una reclamacin de infraccin de derechos de autor solamente. Los mensajes relacionados con otros asuntos no recibirn una respuesta a travs de este proceso. Los mensajes relacionados con estos otros asuntos deben dirigirse a la informacin de contacto del Sitio web que aparece al final de estos Trminos de Uso.
De acuerdo con la DMCA y otras leyes aplicables, hemos adoptado una poltica de cancelacin, en circunstancias apropiadas y a nuestro criterio exclusivo, de suscriptores o titulares de cuentas que se consideren infractores reincidentes. Podemos tambin, a nuestro criterio exclusivo, limitar el acceso a nuestro Sitio web o terminar las cuentas de cualquier usuario que infrinja cualquier derecho de propiedad intelectual de otros, haya o no una infraccin repetida.
11. Confianza en la informacin publicada
La informacin presentada en o a travs del Sitio Web se pone a disposicin nicamente para propsitos de informacin general. No garantizamos la exactitud, integridad o utilidad de esta informacin. Cualquier confianza que usted deposite en dicha informacin es estrictamente bajo su propio riesgo. Renunciamos a cualquier responsabilidad derivada de cualquier confianza depositada en dichos materiales por usted o cualquier otro visitante al Sitio Web, o por cualquier persona que pueda ser informada sobre cualquiera de sus contenidos.
El Sitio Web puede incluir contenido proporcionado por terceros, incluyendo materiales proporcionados por otros usuarios. Todas las declaraciones u opiniones expresadas en estos materiales, y todos los artculos y respuestas a preguntas y otros contenidos, que no sean el contenido proporcionado por la Compaa, son nicamente las opiniones y la responsabilidad de la persona o entidad que proporciona dichos materiales. Estos materiales no reflejan necesariamente la opinin de la Compaa. No somos responsables ante usted o ante terceros por el contenido o la exactitud de los materiales proporcionados por terceros.
12. Cambios al Sitio Web
Cada cierto tiempo podemos actualizar el Contenido del Sitio web, pero su Contenido no est necesariamente completo o actualizado. Cualquier material del Sitio Web puede estar desactualizado en un momento dado, y no estamos en la obligacin de actualizar dicho material.
13. Informacin sobre usted y sus visitas al Sitio Web
Toda la informacin que recopilamos en el Sitio web est sujeta a nuestra Poltica de Privacidad. Al usar el Sitio Web, usted da su consentimiento a todas las acciones que tomemos con respecto a su informacin en cumplimiento con la Poltica de Privacidad.
14. Enlace al Sitio Web y funciones de redes sociales
Usted puede vincularse a nuestra pgina de inicio, siempre que lo haga de una manera que sea justa y legal y no dae nuestra reputacin o no se aproveche de ella, pero no debe establecer un enlace de tal manera que sugiera cualquier forma de asociacin, aprobacin o respaldo de nuestra parte sin nuestro consentimiento expreso por escrito.
El Sitio Web puede proporcionarle ciertas funciones de redes sociales que le permiten:
Enlazarse desde su propio sitio o desde ciertos sitios web de terceros a ciertos contenidos del Sitio Web.
Enviar correos electrnicos u otras comunicaciones con cierto contenido, o enlaces a cierto contenido, en el Sitio Web.
Hacer que porciones limitadas del contenido en el Sitio Web se muestren o aparezcan en su propio sitio web o en sitios web de terceros.
Usted puede utilizar estas funciones nicamente en la manera que las proporcionamos nosotros y nicamente con respecto al contenido con el que se muestran y de acuerdo con los trminos y condiciones adicionales que ofrecemos con respecto a tales funciones. Sujeto a lo anterior, usted no debe:
Establecer un enlace desde cualquier sitio web que no sea de su propiedad.
Hacer que el Sitio Web o partes del mismo se muestren o aparezcan exhibidos mediante, por ejemplo, enmarcado, vinculacin profunda o vinculacin en lnea, en cualquier otro sitio.
De otro modo tomar cualquier accin con respecto a los materiales en el Sitio Web que sean incompatibles con cualquier otra disposicin de estos Trminos de Uso.
El sitio web desde el cual establece el enlace, o en el cual hace accesible cierto contenido, debe cumplir con todos los aspectos de los Estndares de Contenido establecidos en estos Trminos de Uso.
Usted acepta cooperar con nosotros en hacer que cese de inmediato cualquier enmarcado o enlace no autorizados. Nos reservamos el derecho de retirar el permiso de enlace sin previo aviso.
Podemos deshabilitar cualquiera o todas las funciones de redes sociales y enlaces en cualquier momento y sin previo aviso, a nuestra discrecin.
15. Enlaces desde el Sitio Web
Si el Sitio Web contiene enlaces a otros sitios y recursos proporcionados por terceros, estos enlaces se proporcionan nicamente para su conveniencia. Esto implica enlaces contenidos en anuncios, incluyendo anuncios publicitarios y enlaces patrocinados. No tenemos ningn control sobre el contenido de dichos sitios o recursos, y no asumimos ninguna responsabilidad por ellos ni por ninguna prdida o dao que pueda derivarse de su uso de los mismos. Si decide acceder a cualquiera de los sitios web de terceros vinculados al Sitio Web, lo hace bajo su propio riesgo y sujeto a los trminos y condiciones de uso de dichos sitios web.
16. Restricciones geogrficas
El propietario del Sitio Web se encuentra en el estado de Indiana en los Estados Unidos. Proporcionamos el Sitio Web para su uso nicamente por personas ubicadas en los Estados Unidos. No anunciamos que el Sitio Web o cualquiera de sus contenidos sean accesibles o apropiados fuera de los Estados Unidos. El acceso al Sitio Web puede no ser legal para ciertas personas o en ciertos pases. Si accede al Sitio Web desde fuera de los Estados Unidos, lo hace por su propia iniciativa y es responsable del cumplimiento de las leyes locales.
17. Exencin de garantas
Usted entiende que no podemos y no garantizamos o aseguramos que los archivos disponibles para descargar desde Internet o el Sitio Web estarn libres de virus u otro cdigo destructivo. Usted es responsable de implementar procedimientos y puntos de control suficientes para satisfacer sus requisitos particulares de proteccin antivirus y exactitud de la entrada y salida de datos y de mantener un medio externo a nuestro sitio para cualquier reconstruccin de cualquier prdida de datos. NO SEREMOS RESPONSABLES DE NINGUNA PRDIDA O DAO CAUSADO POR UN ATAQUE DISTRIBUIDO DE NEGACIN DE SERVICIO, VIRUS U OTROS MATERIALES TECNOLGICAMENTE DAINOS QUE PUEDAN INFECTAR SU EQUIPO DE COMPUTADORA, PROGRAMAS INFORMTICOS, DATOS U OTRO MATERIAL DE SU PROPIEDAD DEBIDO AL USO DEL SITIO WEB O CUALQUIER SERVICIO O ARTCULO OBTENIDO A TRAVS DEL SITIO WEB O LA DESCARGA DE CUALQUIER MATERIAL PUBLICADO EN EL MISMO O EN CUALQUIER SITIO WEB RELACIONADO CON ESTE.
EL USO DEL SITIO WEB, SU CONTENIDO Y CUALQUIER SERVICIO O ARTCULO OBTENIDO A TRAVS DEL SITIO WEB ES BAJO SU PROPIO RIESGO. EL SITIO WEB, SU CONTENIDO Y CUALQUIER SERVICIO O ARTCULO OBTENIDO A TRAVS DEL SITIO WEB SE PROPORCIONAN “TAL CUAL” Y “SEGN DISPONIBILIDAD”, SIN NINGUNA GARANTA DE NINGN TIPO, EXPRESA O IMPLCITA. NI LA COMPAA NI NINGUNA PERSONA ASOCIADA A LA COMPAA HACE NINGUNA GARANTA O REPRESENTACIN CON RESPECTO A LA INTEGRIDAD, SEGURIDAD, CONFIABILIDAD, CALIDAD, EXACTITUD O DISPONIBILIDAD DEL SITIO WEB. SIN LIMITAR LO ANTERIOR, NI LA COMPAA NI NINGUNA PERSONA ASOCIADA A LA EMPRESA AFIRMA NI GARANTIZA QUE EL SITIO WEB, SU CONTENIDO O CUALQUIER SERVICIO O ARTCULO OBTENIDO A TRAVS DEL SITIO WEB SER EXACTO, CONFIABLE, LIBRE DE ERRORES O ININTERRUMPIDO, QUE LOS ERRORES SERN CORREGIDOS, QUE NUESTRO SITIO O EL SERVIDOR QUE LO HAGA DISPONIBLE ESTN LIBRES DE VIRUS O DE OTROS COMPONENTES DAINOS O QUE EL SITIO WEB O CUALQUIER SERVICIO O ARTCULOS OBTENIDOS A TRAVS DEL SITIO WEB DE OTRO MODO CUMPLIRN SUS NECESIDADES O EXPECTATIVAS.
LA COMPAA POR LA PRESENTE EXIME TODAS LAS GARANTAS DE CUALQUIER TIPO, SEAN EXPRESAS O IMPLCITAS, LEGALES O DE OTRA NDOLE, INCLUYENDO, ENTRE OTRAS, CUALQUIER GARANTA DE COMERCIABILIDAD, NO INFRACCIN Y ADECUACIN PARA FINES PARTICULARES.
LO ANTERIOR NO AFECTA LAS GARANTAS QUE NO PUEDEN EXCLUIRSE O LIMITARSE SEGN LA LEY APLICABLE.
18. Limitacin de responsabilidad
EN NINGN CASO LA COMPAA, SUS FILIALES O SUS LICENCIANTES, PROVEEDORES DE SERVICIOS, EMPLEADOS, AGENTES, FUNCIONARIOS O DIRECTORES SERN RESPONSABLES POR DAOS DE CUALQUIER TIPO, BAJO CUALQUIER TEORA LEGAL, DERIVADOS DE O EN RELACIN CON SU USO, O IMPOSIBILIDAD DE USO DEL SITIO WEB, CUALQUIER SITIO WEB VINCULADO A ESTE, CUALQUIER CONTENIDO EN EL SITIO WEB U OTRO SITIO WEB O CUALESQUIERA SERVICIOS O ARTCULOS OBTENIDOS A TRAVS DEL SITIO WEB U OTRO SITIO WEB, INCLUYENDO CUALQUIER DAO DIRECTO, INCIDENTAL, CONSECUENCIAL O PUNITIVO, INDIRECTO, ESPECIAL, INCLUYENDO, ENTRE OTROS, LESIONES PERSONALES, DOLOR Y SUFRIMIENTO, ANGUSTIA EMOCIONAL, PRDIDA DE INGRESOS, PRDIDA DE GANANCIAS, PRDIDA DE NEGOCIO O AHORROS ANTICIPADOS, PRDIDA DE USO, PRDIDA DE CLIENTES, PRDIDA DE DATOS, Y SEA CAUSADO POR AGRAVIO (INCLUYENDO NEGLIGENCIA), INCUMPLIMIENTO DE CONTRATO O DE OTRA MANERA, INCLUSO SI ES PREVISIBLE.
LO ANTERIOR NO AFECTA CUALQUIER RESPONSABILIDAD QUE NO PUEDA EXCLUIRSE O LIMITARSE SEGN LA LEY APLICABLE.
19. Indemnizacin
Usted acepta defender, indemnizar y eximir de responsabilidad a la Compaa, a sus afiliados, a los licenciantes y a los proveedores de servicios, y a sus respectivos funcionarios, directores, empleados, contratistas, agentes, licenciantes, proveedores, sucesores y cesionarios de y contra cualesquiera daos, juicios, indemnizaciones, prdidas, costos, gastos u honorarios (incluidos honorarios razonables de abogados) que surjan de o estn relacionados con su violacin de estos Trminos de Uso o su uso del Sitio Web, incluyendo, pero no limitado a, sus Contribuciones del Usuario, cualquier uso de los contenidos, servicios y productos del Sitio Web que no estn expresamente autorizados en estos Trminos de Uso o al uso de cualquier informacin obtenida del Sitio Web.
20. Legislacin y jurisdiccin aplicables
Todos los asuntos relacionados con el Sitio Web y estos Trminos de Uso y cualquier disputa o reclamo derivado de o relacionados con los mismos (en cada caso, incluyendo disputas o reclamos no contractuales) se regirn e interpretarn de conformidad con las leyes internas del Estado de Indiana sin dar efecto a ninguna eleccin o conflicto de disposicin o regla de ley (ya sea del Estado de Indiana o cualquier otra jurisdiccin).
Cualquier demanda, accin o procedimiento legal que surja de, o est relacionado con estos Trminos de Uso o el Sitio Web, ser instituido exclusivamente en los tribunales federales de los Estados Unidos o los tribunales del Estado de Indiana en la ciudad de Indianpolis, aunque nos reservamos el derecho de entablar cualquier demanda, accin o procedimiento contra usted por incumplimiento de estos Trminos de Uso en su estado o pas de residencia o en cualquier otro estado o pas relevante. Usted renuncia a todas y cada una de las objeciones al ejercicio de la jurisdiccin sobre usted por tales tribunales y al lugar en dichos tribunales.
21. Lmite al tiempo para presentar reclamos
CUALQUIER CAUSA DE ACCIN O RECLAMO QUE USTED PUEDA TENER QUE SE DERIVE O RELACIONE CON ESTOS TRMINOS DE USO O EL SITIO WEB, DEBE INICIARSE DENTRO DEL PLAZO DE UN (1) AO DESPUS DE QUE LA CAUSA DE ACCIN SURJA, DE LO CONTRARIO, CUALQUIER CAUSA DE ACCIN O RECLAMO EST PERMANENTEMENTE PROHIBIDO.
22. Exencin y separabilidad
Ninguna exencin por parte de la Compaa de cualquier trmino o condicin establecida en estos Trminos de Uso se considerar una exencin adicional o continua de dicho trmino o condicin o exencin de cualquier otro trmino o condicin y cualquier falla de la Compaa para hacer valer un derecho o disposicin bajo estos Trminos de Uso no constituir una renuncia a tal derecho o disposicin.
Si alguna disposicin de estos Trminos de Uso es considerada por un tribunal u otro tribunal de jurisdiccin competente como invlida, ilegal o inaplicable por cualquier motivo, tal disposicin ser eliminada o limitada al mnimo de tal manera que las dems disposiciones de los Trminos de Uso continen en pleno vigor y efecto.
23. Totalidad del Acuerdo
Los Trminos de Uso y nuestra Poltica de Privacidad constituyen el acuerdo nico y total entre usted y la Compaa con respecto al Sitio Web y reemplaza todos los acuerdos, representaciones y garantas anteriores y contemporneos, tanto escritas como orales, con respecto al Sitio Web.
24. Sus comentarios e inquietudes
El Sitio Web es operado por Emmis Operating Company o sus afiliados, One EMMIS Plaza, 40 Monument Circle, Suite 700, Indianapolis, IN 46204.
Todas las opiniones, comentarios, solicitudes de soporte tcnico y otras comunicaciones relacionadas con el Sitio Web deben dirigirse al contacto indicado a continuacin para este Sitio Web.
25. Informacin de contacto del Sitio Web:
Para contactar al Sitio Web, puede comunicarse a travs de:
Emmis Digital Support
40 Monument Cir, #400
Indianapolis, IN 46204
support@emmisdigital.com
Emmis.com
Indianapolis, IN
Privacy Policy | Terms of Service
Facebook-f
Twitter
Linkedin
Emmis is an equal opportunity employer. We believe in the dignity and the worth of every individual.  We will not discrimi­nate against or favor any employee or applicant, or make any decision or take any action, based on race, color, national origin, citizenship status, creed, religion, religious affiliation, age, sex, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, veteran status, or any other protected status. Emmis also prohibits any discriminatory or demeaning language, emphasis, characterization or conduct by its employees that may harass, intimidate, insult, ridicule, emphasize, or characterize another person because of his/her race, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, sexual orientation, disability or other legally-protected status or characteristic.
Scroll to Top