http://www.legionarts.org/policies
**CSPS is temporarily closed to the public due to the ongoing Covid-19 pandemic**HOMEARTEventsExhibitsARTISTSWork With UsResourcesABOUTSUPPORTShopDonate | SponsorVolunteerMoreHOMEARTEventsExhibitsARTISTSWork With UsResourcesABOUTSUPPORTShopDonate | SponsorVolunteerHOMEARTARTISTSABOUTSUPPORT
PoliciesCOVID-19 REOPENING POLICY
Masks will be required within the CSPS Hall building. To help keep our staff and community safe, you will be asked to leave if you are not wearing one. If you'd like to purchase a mask, you may do so at the box office for $1.00.
Every attendee will have their temperature checked at the door. If a temperature of 99.9° or above is detected, you will be asked to kindly leave the premises. If you are experiencing any symptoms or have been exposed to anyone ill, please stay home.
Visitors must practice social distancing at all times and remain a minimum of 6 feet away from others.
No more than 50 people will be allowed inside the building at one time.
Regularly and thoroughly wash your hands! Our bathrooms are equipped with no-contact soap and water dispensers in addition to the complimentary hand sanitizing stations throughout the building.
Ticket PurchasesAll purchases are non-refundable and non-exchangeable, unless otherwise described.Cancellation PolicyIf a show is cancelled by CSPS, the box office will contact each ticket holder. Your ticket(s) will automatically be applied to the rescheduled performance. Once the new date is announced you will be contacted by the box office. If the event is not rescheduled or the new date doesn’t work, the value of your ticket(s) can be converted to a 100% tax deductible donation to CSPS.Discount TicketsStudent tickets are available at our box office for certain shows. If student tickets are available, it will be listed as a ticket price on the event page. A student is under the age of 23 with a valid student ID. You must have your student ID available to purchase a student price ticket.Companion tickets volunteers for shows at CSPS are entitled to one companion ticket per volunteer the night of the show. Companion tickets are 50% of the “At the Door” price.Group Discounts are available for certain shows in blocks of 20 or more. Inquiries for group ticket rates can be sent to info@cspshall.org. Not all shows are eligible for group rates.Audience ConfigurationsAlmost all shows at CSPS Hall are General Admission, first come first serve shows. The overwhelming majority of our shows are seated shows. Occasionally, the artist or the musical stylings call for a different audience configuration. Below are the ways a show would be set-up at CSPS Hall.Seated shows are general admission with up to 200 chairs. To ensure you get a good seat, or can be seated with a friend, companion, or family member, please arrive early and enjoy a snack or refreshment at Carlo, our bar right outside the Theater. There is no reserved seating.Standing Room shows are general admission with up to 300 guests featuring 93 chairs on our platform risers and an open floor in front of the stage. CSPS, even during standing shows, is a listening room. Do not have conversations, including whispering, during the concert or event. This will distract performers as well as fellow audience members. If you want to have a conversation with your friends or fellow audience members, please visit our bar, Carlo, Club Room Gallery or Commons Gallery outside of the Theater.C Space shows are general admission seated shows with up to 75 chairs in our downstairs, main floor, black box theater. To ensure you get a good seat, or can be seated with a friend, companion, or family member, please arrive early and enjoy a snack or refreshment at Carlo, our bar right outside the Theater. There is no reserved seating.Audience GuidelinesThe following guidelines need to be respected in order for all patrons and artists to have an enjoyable and safe experience. Please be courteous to those around you.
If you need assistance during the show, please go to your nearest volunteer usher. If additional assistance is needed the usher will get the appropriate person to further help you.
Please arrive on time. We know parking in the NewBo District can be a hassle and our will-call lines can be long. Please allow extra time for travel, parking, and finding your seats. If you arrive late we may ask you to wait until an appropriate break in the show to get you to your seats.
CSPS, even during standing shows, is a listening room. Do not have conversations, even whispering, during the concert or event. This will distract performers as well as fellow audience members. If you want to have a conversation with your friends or fellow audience members, please visit our bar, Carlo, Club Room Gallery or Commons Gallery outside of the Theater. If your child becomes restless, frightened, or loud, please take them to the lobby.
Silence all cell phones, pagers, watches and other devices. Don’t text, tweet, blog or surf. The glow from your device is distracting. You are here to enjoy the show so please give the show your attention!
For seated shows, keep feet, bags, and children out of the aisles. Blocking the aisles is against the fire code.
Take note of venue rules and posted notices. Many shows do not allow photography or recording. Flash photography is never allowed. If we ask you to stop, please do so. You are here to experience the concert.
Respect the supporting act: you never know where they are going in the future. If you really dislike the music, take a walk or check out our current gallery exhibit on the second floor. Please be polite.
Patrons are never allowed on stage. Not before the show, during the show, or after the show.
Grounds for removalPlease note, if our staff finds you are not adhering to the above guidelines, we will give one verbal warning requesting you to change your behavior. If you continue to disregard the guidelines, we will request that you leave the premises. Being removed from more than one event will result in your being banned from CSPS presented events for at least one calendar year.
Privacy PolicyEffective Date: 1/1/2020This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for cspshall.org. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website, except where stated otherwise. It will notify you of the following:
What information we collect;
With whom it is shared;
How it can be corrected;
How it is secured;
How policy changes will be communicated; and
How to address concerns over misuse of personal data.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g., to ship an order.Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.Your Access to and Control Over Information You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number provided on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Orders We request information from you on our order form. To buy from us, you must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we'll use this information to contact you.Security We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (e.g, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers on which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.Cookies We use "cookies" on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor's hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance their experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.If other organizations use cookies or other devices that track site visitors to your site, insert a paragraph like this in your privacy notice: Some of our business partners may use cookies on our site (e.g., advertisers). However, we have no access to or control over these cookies.Sharing We use an outside credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes beyond filling your order.Links This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.Surveys & Contests From time-to-time our site requests information via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
1103 3rd St SE Cedar Rapids, IA 52401info@cspshall.org(319) 364-1580HoursTemporarily Closed (except for private appointments)Photo Credit: Ikkens Images & Emma's Cellar DoorCopyright © 2020 CSPS - All Rights ReservedFAQsPoliciesDonate | Sponsor