http://www.physlink.com/siteinfo/cookiepolicy.cfm
Cookie Policy for PhysLink.com
Home
News
Reference
Constants
Fundamental Physical Constants
Air Composition
Astro-physical Constants
Coefficients of Friction
Indices Of Refraction
Nuclear & Particle Data
Special Math Constants
Calculators & Apps
Unit Conversion
Periodic Table of Elements
Time Reference & Exact Time
Humidex & Windchill Calculator
Other
Decimal Multiples & Prefixes
Physics Glossary
Greek Alphabet
Materials Safety Info
Nobel Prize & Bruce Medal Info
Ask Experts
Answers
Classical Mechanics
Thermodynamics
Electricity & Magnetism
Waves in Matter, Sound
Light, Optics and Photonics
Atomic & Nuclear
Quantum Mechanics
Special & General Relativity
Astronomy & Astrophysics
Definitions & Reference
All Answers, all categories
Questions
Unanswered Questions
Directories
University and College Departments
Institutes and National Labs
Professional Societies
Student Societies
Journals
Publishers
Companies
Education
Grad Advisor
Essays
Astronomy
History of Physics
Reference for Educators
Youth Science
New Theories
Fun
Cartoons
Cartoons by Rick London
Cartoons by Mark Parisi
Cartoons by John McPherson
Cartoons by Jerry Van Amerongen
Solvay ala PhysLink.com
Jokes, etc.
Jokes, jokes and more jokes
Physics Party
Chemist's equiVALENT Party
Physics Major?
Is there Santa?
'Twas The Night Before Christmas, NASA-style
The Fate of the Universe
The Ten Commandments for Amateur Astronomers
Science Shop
Cookie Policy for PhysLink.com
Effective date: May 23rd, 2018
PhysLink.com (the "Company") ("we" or "us" or "our") may use cookies, web beacons, tracking pixels, and other tracking technologies when you visit our website www.PhysLink.com, including any other media form, media channel, mobile website, or mobile application related or connected thereto (collectively, the "Site") to help customize the Site and improve your experience.
USE OF COOKIES
A "cookie" is a string of information which assigns you a unique identifier that we store on your computer. Your browser then provides that unique identifier to use each time you submit a query to the Site. We use cookies on the Site to, among other things, keep track of services you have used, record registration information, record your user preferences, keep you logged into the Site, facilitate purchase procedures, and track the pages you visit. Cookies help us understand how the Site is being used and improve your user experience.
TYPES OF COOKIES
The following types of cookies may be used when you visit the Site:
Advertising Cookies
Advertising cookies are placed on your computer by advertisers and ad servers in order to display advertisements that are most likely to be of interest to you. These cookies allow advertisers and ad servers to gather information about your visits to the Site and other websites, alternate the ads sent to a specific computer, and track how often an ad has been viewed and by whom. These cookies are linked to a computer and do not gather any personal information about you.
Analytics Cookies
Analytics cookies monitor how users reached the Site, and how they interact with and move around once on the Site. These cookies let us know what features on the Site are working the best and what features on the Site can be improved.
Our Cookies
Our cookies are "first-party cookies", and can be either permanent or temporary. These are necessary cookies, without which the Site won't work properly or be able to provide certain features and functionalities. Some of these may be manually disabled in your browser, but may affect the functionality of the Site.
Personalization Cookies
Personalization cookies are used to recognize repeat visitors to the Site. We use these cookies to record your browsing history, the pages you have visited, and your settings and preferences each time you visit the Site.
Security Cookies
Security cookies help identify and prevent security risks. We use these cookies to authenticate users and protect user data from unauthorized parties.
Site Management Cookies
Site management cookies are used to maintain your identity or session on the Site so that you are not logged off unexpectedly, and any information you enter is retained from page to page.
These cookies cannot be turned off individually, but you can disable all cookies in your browser.
Third-Party Cookies
Third-party cookies may be place on your computer when you visit the Site by companies that run certain services we offer. These cookies allow the third parties to gather and track certain information about you. These cookies can be manually disabled in your browser.
CONTROL OF COOKIES
Most browsers are set to accept cookies by default. However, you can remove or reject cookies in your browser's settings. Please be aware that such action could affect the availability and functionality of the Site.
For more information on how to control cookies, check your browser or device's settings for how you can control or reject cookies.
In addition, you may opt-out of some third-party cookies through the Network Advertising Initiative's Opt-Out Tool.
OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
In addition to cookies, we may use web beacons, pixel tags, and other tracking technologies on the Site to help customize the Site and improve your experience. A "web beacon" or "pixel tag" is tiny object or image embedded in a web page or email. They are used to track the number of users who have visited particular pages and viewed emails, and acquire other statistical data. They collect only a limited set of data, such as a cookie number, time and date of page or email view, and a description of the page or email on which they reside. Web beacons and pixel tags cannot be declined. However, you can limit their use by controlling the cookies that interact with them.
PRIVACY POLICY
For more information about how we use information collected by cookies and other tracking technologies, please refer to our Privacy Policy posted on the Site. This Cookie Policy is part of and is incorporated into our Privacy Policy. By using the Site, you agree to be bound by this Cookie Policy and our Privacy Policy.
We reserve the right to make changes to this Cookie Policy at any time and for any reason.
We will alert you about any changes by updating the "Last Updated" date of this Cookie Policy.
Any changes or modifications will be effective immediately upon posting the updated Cookie Policy on the Site, and you waive the right to receive specific notice of each such change or modification. You are encouraged to periodically review this Cookie Policy to stay informed of updates. You will be deemed to have been made aware of, will be subject to, and will be deemed to have accepted the changes in any revised Cookie Policy by your continued use of the Site after the date such revised Cookie Policy is posted.
Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding this Cookie Policy or the practices of this Site, please contact us here.
Last Updated: This Cookie Policy was last updated on May 23rd, 2018.
'Knowledge can be communicated, but not wisdom. One can find it, live it, be fortified by it, do wonders through it, but one cannnot communicate and teach it.'Hermann Hesse(1877-1962)
PhysLink.com
Comprehensive physics and astronomy online education, research and reference web site founded in 1995 by a physicist Anton Skorucak.
Contact Us
5318 E 2nd St #530, Long Beach CA 90803
Send us a message
© Copyright 1995-2020 PhysLink.com
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Legal Info