http://www.andrewford.net.au/privacy/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebarHome / Privacy and copyright
Andrew Ford’s homepage address is: http://www.andrewford.net.au
This policy only to this website and not to other companies’ or organisations’ websites to which this site is linked.
The data we collect and how it is used
We don’t share any information you choose to give to us by emailing Andrew personally or by getting in touch with him using the contact form. Any information provided by you will only be used to get in touch with you, if so requested.
If you subscribe to the enewsletter service, your contact information will be collected for this purpose only, and not shared with any third parties. Your information is kept and administered on the Campaign monitor database (read about their data security). You can access that information any time to check it or to edit your preferences, or to unsubscribe. Links to unsubscribe and to update your preferences are included in each enewsletter. You can also contact us to unsubscribe or to check or edit your details. We do not make local copies of this database.
For analytics purposes, we may gather anonymous information in order to monitor the use of the website – the numbers and frequency of visitors to the site and its areas.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Copyright content on this website
Andrew’s composer biography, biography photos (please credit photographer as requested), program notes and other information are available for use in contexts directly related to Andrew Ford’s work. Any commercial use of images, text, or other content should be cleared with Andrew prior to reproducing or publishing – to get in touch, see: contacts page.
Images and text extracts on this website are used by permission and credited as requested, where the content is within copyright. All reasonable steps are taken to find out about and acknowledge copyright holders. If you feel your work has been used without consultation or without appropriate credit, please get in touch so we can address this without delay.
Primary SidebarLatest News
Follow Andrew
Newsletter
Get Andrew's quarterly newsletter sent to your inbox.
Subscribe
Search this website