http://www.northlight-images.co.uk/about/how-we-help-clients/
What we do for you – our photography clients
Making professional photography work for you
Relevant experience
Northlight Images are specialist commercial photographers and we only work for commercial customers.
We feel that this makes a real difference. So, absolutely no wedding photography, portraits or photos of babies – it is just not what we do.
Your business message
Our aim is to provide photography services that help you get your message across in the most direct, successful and cost effective way possible.
Remember – a good photograph will get your message across much quicker than the written word and visually support the message you are trying to communicate to your customers.
Our site has many examples of how we’ve helped past clients. Please have a look round the site and if you have any questions about how we can help you, just call us for a chat.
We don’t hide our prices
Unlike many professional photographers, we’re happy to offer a guide to our prices.
Our rates cover a wide range of options depending on just what it is you need.
As ever, if you want to know more, please do call.
A guide to our commercial photography prices
How we can help you?
Our Senior Photographer, Keith Cooper is happy to discuss what it is you want, and how we will work with you to achieve this.
Tel:(Mon-Fri, 9am-5pm) +44 (0)116 291 9092
Email us via our contact form
Keith’s wide business experience and technical advice is freely available to all our clients. Why not have a chat and see what you think.
There’s no obligation or charge – and we welcome the opportunity to discuss your needs to ensure we provide you with exactly the service and product you require.
Why you need a specialist photographer
See our free guide to using the right professional photographer
Fine art printing for business and residential use
At Northlight Images we do our own fine art printing and the attention to detail and expertise needed for this feeds into all our commercial work.
Many of our photos, are regularly printed for large displays – in commercial locations and exhibitions.
In 2012 Keith exhibited a number of his architectural prints of Leicester, including a 14 metre long view of the city centre at dusk – the largest such image of Leicester ever produced [Zoomable version]
Prints of this kind demand the highest quality image – and we are proud to say that this level of quality represents our standard product.
We put image quality first and at no extra cost to you, we are able to produce high quality images that suit your exact requirements – whether that be for print or web use.
Sharing our photography expertise
If you explore the Northlight web site, you’ll also find many examples of entirely free articles, reviews and tutorials written by Keith Cooper. We also provide specialist photographic training for companies and individuals.
Keith is a well regarded expert in many technical areas of modern digital photography, he works in collaboration with several companies to test and evaluate fine art printing and photographic equipment.
Northlight Images is founded on the principles that whilst we always strive to be excellent at what we do, it’s also our job to express a wider enthusiasm for photography and help others.