http://www.rodgersinstruments.com/privacy-statement
Privacy statement
Rodgers Instruments US LLC is part of the Global Organ Group. The Global Organ Group, based at Keplerlaan 2 in Ede, is responsible for processing personal data as described in this privacy statement. This privacy statement applies to all companies that fall within the Global Organ Group.
Contact information:
Global Organ Group
Keplerlaan 2
6716 BS Ede, The Netherlands
Web: www.globalorgangroup.com
E-mail: info@globalorgangroup.com
Telephone: +31 318 63 74 03
Mr M. van 't Foort is the Global Organ Group Data Protection Officer. You can contact him via the following e-mail address: michel.vantfoort@globalorgangroup.com.
Personal data that we process
Global Organ Group processes your personal data because you use our products or services and/or because you have provided these to us yourself.
Please find an overview below of the personal data that we process:
First name and surname
Sex
Address details
Telephone number
Email address
IP address
Other personal data that you provide actively, for instance, when creating a profile on our website, during correspondence and/or by telephone
Data about your activities on our website
Data about your surfing behaviour across various websites
Internet browser and device type
Special category and or sensitive personal data that we process
Our website and/or services do not aim to collect data about website visitors younger than 16 years, unless they have permission from their parents or guardian. We are, however, unable to check whether a visitor is older than 16 years. For this reason, we advise parents to stay involved with their children’s online activities to prevent data about their children being collected without parental permission. If you are convinced that we have collected personal data about a minor without such permission, please contact us via info@globalorgangroup.com and we will delete this information as quickly as possible.
The Global Organ Group processes your personal data for the following purposes:
To handle your payments and/or orders
To send our newsletter and/or advertising materials
To be able to call or e-mail you if this is necessary in order to carry out our services
To deliver goods and services to you
Global Organ Group analyses your online behaviour on its website to improve website performance and tailor its range of products and services to your preferences
Global Organ Group monitors your surfing behaviour across various websites as this enables us to tailor our products and services to your requirements
Automated decision-making
Global Organ Group does not use automated processing to take any decisions about matters that could have minor or significant consequences for persons. This concerns decisions taken by computer programs and/or systems without human intervention (for instance a Global Organ Group employee).
How long we store personal data
Global Organ Group does not store your personal data longer than is strictly necessary to achieve the objectives for which your data were collected. We use the following storage limitation periods for the following categories of personal data:
Customer data > always > To be able to meet our guarantee obligations.
Data from leads > 3 years > To be able to process your request effectively.
Sharing personal data with third parties
Data is only shared with companies that fall within the Global Organ Group. Global Organ Group only provides personal data to third parties if this is necessary to implement our contract with you or to meet statutory obligations.
Cookies
Global Organ Group uses technical and functional cookies. We also use analytical cookies that do not breach your privacy. A cookie is a small text file that is saved on your computer, tablet or telephone during your first visit to this website. The cookies that we use are necessary for user-convenience and for the technical functioning of the website. They ensure that the website functions as it should and they remember such things as your preferences. We can also use these to optimise our website. You can opt out of cookies by setting your internet browser so that it no longer saves any cookies. You can also use your browser settings to delete all information that was previously saved.
Accessing, rectifying or erasing
You have the right to access, rectify or erase your personal data. You also have the right to withdraw any permission for the processing of your personal data or to object to the processing of your personal data by Global Organ Group. You also have the right to data portability. This means that you can submit a request asking us to send to you or another organisation nominated by you, an overview of the personal data that we have saved about you in a computer file. We will charge a small fee for this to cover any expenses incurred.
You can submit your request to access, rectify, erase and/or transfer your personal data or your request to withdraw your permission or object to the processing of your personal data to info@globalorgangroup.com.
To be certain that the request for access is being made by you, we ask that you send a copy of your proof of identity with your request. Please ensure that the MRZ (Machine Readable Zone, the strip with numbers at the bottom of the passport), passport number and Citizen Service Number (BSN) are blacked out in the copy of your passport. This is to protect your privacy. We will respond to your request as quickly as possible and in any event within four weeks.
Global Organ Group would also like to point out that you are entitled to submit a complaint to the national regulator, the Dutch Personal Data Protection Authority. You can do this via the following link: https://autoriteitpersoonsgegevens.nl/nl/contact-met-de-autoriteit-persoonsgegevens/tip-ons
How we protect personal data
Global Organ Group takes the protection of your data seriously and takes appropriate measures to prevent misuse, loss, unauthorised access, undesired publication and unauthorised changes. If you have the impression that your data are insufficiently protected or there are indications of misuse, please contact our customer services via info@globalorgangroup.com.
Subscribe to our monthly newsletter
Subscribe
Thanks for subscribing, complete your profile
Rodger's owner
Yes
No
Thanks for completing your profile.