http://www.tattonpark.org.uk/system_pages/e-ticket-terms-and-conditions.aspx
E-ticket terms and conditions
__
Toggle navigation
Toggle search
Tatton Park homepage
Home
Plan your visit
Opening times
Parkland Passes
Book Tickets
FAQs about Tatton Park
How to find us
Groups
Learning
Meetings
Access for all
Stay with us
Explore
Mansion
Gardens
Farm
Parkland
Old Hall
Stableyard Shopping and Eating
What's on
Autumn Adventures
Learning Hub
Events
Exhibitions
Hire
Weddings and Celebrations
Filming and Photography
Corporate
Outdoor events
Your Tatton
Press and media
Volunteer with us
Work with us
Our vision
Tatton Park Charitable Trust
Search the Tatton Park website
Buy tickets
Search
Plan your autumn adventures - visits need to be pre-booked with arrival times.
Home
System Pages
E-ticket terms and conditions
E-ticket Terms and Conditions
This page together with our Disclaimer and Privacy Policy tells you information about us and the legal Terms and Conditions on which we sell and you may purchase admission tickets and other services listed on our website to you. Please read these Terms carefully and make sure that you understand them, before ordering any services from our site. These Terms are only in the English language. Tatton Park does its best to ensure that all the information on its website is current and accurate. However, mistakes can occur, so we would encourage anyone who may be thinking of making a special trip based on information displayed on the website to confirm that the information is correct.  You can do this by emailing tatton@cheshireeast.gov.uk or calling us on 01625374400.
1. Definitions
‘Tatton Park’ means Tatton Park whose registered address is Tatton Park, Knutsford, Cheshire WA166QN. VAT registration number GB 945092022
‘Online Booking’ means the series of pages for the booking of Tickets set out on Tatton Park’s website.
‘Ticket’ means any ticket for an attraction, multiple attractions, learning event, vehicle park entry, gift voucher or special event.
‘Confirmation’ means the confirmation email sent to you by Tatton Park acknowledging your booking and setting out the details of your booking.
2. Online Ticket conditions
Only persons who are at least 18 years of age are permitted to book Tickets. By booking Tickets you warrant to Tatton Park that you comply with this requirement.
Tatton Park reserves the right to ask for proof of eligibility for concessions at the access points for the event or attraction entry.
Our order process allows you to check and amend any errors before submitting your order to us. It is your responsibility to check that any Tickets issued to you are accurate. You are entirely responsible for entering your details correctly on the Online Booking. By submitting an Online Booking you warrant to Tatton Park that all details supplied by you are true and accurate. If there are any changes to your details once your booking has been concluded then it is your responsibility to inform Tatton Park. You can inform us by calling 01625374400 or emailing tatton@cheshireeast.gov.uk.
Tatton Park reserves the right to place restrictions on: the volume of any Tickets ordered; the number of places booked for Learning courses, etc. Your Tickets may not be transferred or resold for commercial purposes or at a premium. If a Ticket is transferred or resold in breach of this condition, the bearer of the Ticket or the person claiming the right to attend the event will be refused admission to the Event or Attraction.
Normal admission tickets, including Gift Vouchers are not valid for admission into Special Events. (Such as the RHS Flower Show, Outdoor Cinema and other external third party events)
The price of all Tickets is specified on Tatton Park’s website.
Adult means a person aged from 16 years old and above.
Child means a person aged from 4 years old to 15 years old inclusive; Children under the age of 4 years old and under are permitted entry to the Tatton Park attractions free of charge.
Group means a group of 15 or more people, including Adults, Children, Senior Citizens or Students; If you make a group booking, you accept these terms and conditions on behalf of all members of the group and are responsible for all payments due from the party.
Carer means a person who accompanies a disabled person for the purpose of providing them necessary support and assistance with accessibility to Tatton Park; Visitors with disabilities can admit one carer to Tatton Park free of charge upon producing proof of disability, such as a “Blue Badge” car parking permit issued by their local Council. Further information on accessibility for our disabled visitors can be found on our Access for All page.
Occasionally discounts may apply to one or more ticket types and will be as stated on our website or emailed out to you. If you are purchasing a discounted rate ticket then you will be required to provide us with an accepted form of entitlement evidence at the point of entry.
Your ticket must be presented to gain access to the attraction/event on the date booked where applicable
Totally Tatton tickets to the Mansion, Gardens, Farm and Old Hall are valid for 12 months from date of purchase.  Totally Tatton tickets are valid for the Mansion, Gardens and Farm (except for Christmas events) and allow a total of 3 visits. All 3 visits do not need to be made on the same day and can be to any combination of attractions. For example 1 x Mansion, 1 x Gardens, 1 x Farm OR 2 x Mansion, 1 x Farm etc.” A park entry fee must be paid every time a car or mini-bus enters the Park.
3. Process of the Ticket Purchase
Once the payment method has been inputted and the booking complete you will see a booking reference number on the screen, we recommend making a note of this number in case of any problems with email. You will then receive an e-mail booking confirmation from the mail address no_reply_TattonPark@maximweb.net.  This email will contain a link to your barcoded e-Ticket.
Please ensure that you download and print the e-ticket and bring it with you when you visit Tatton Park.  Alternatively, we can scan your e-Ticket on admission if saved to your smart phone.
4. Refund and Exchange Policy
Please note that once you have placed an order on our website, you are unable to cancel your order and all tickets are non-refundable save for in exceptional circumstances.
Gift Vouchers can be used for full or part payment of purchases in The Stables Restaurant, The Gardener’s Cottage, the Gift Shop, the Garden Shop or for admissions to attractions at Tatton Park. Gift Vouchers cannot be exchanged for cash value and are not for resale.
Where Tatton Park is unable to deliver a Learning Event on the date(s) agreed because the Learning Event is no longer available or must be abandoned (including where there are an insufficient number of participants), Tatton Park will inform you of this and issue you with a full refund within 5 – 10 working days. A Learning Event shall not be treated as abandoned if it is discontinued after one half of a Learning Event has been completed.
Tatton Park will not be liable in any way if it is prevented from delivering an event or opening an attraction due to any factors which are beyond its reasonable control.
5.Data Protection
Tatton Park will collect, use, store and disclose your personal details in accordance with our privacy policy which can be accessed from Tatton Park’s website homepage.
6. Photography and Filming
From time to time we and third parties to whom we have provided authority may take photographs and/or video recordings of Tatton Park attractions and spaces, including the car parks and surrounding areas which may feature visitors. By accepting these Terms, you agree that Tatton Park or any authorised third party may use such images in perpetuity in any promotional or publicity material in any format whatsoever. You further agree that all copyright and any other intellectual property rights that subsist in or arise out of these materials shall be absolutely owned by us or such authorised third party (subject to our agreement) as the case may be.
Any photographs and/or video or other image recordings which you take whilst in Tatton Park are deemed to be for personal domestic use only. Filming and/or photography for Public Broadcast, commercial purposes, training or student projects are strictly prohibited without the express prior written agreement of the Tatton Park. For filming and photography enquiries please see our contact us page.
Nothing in these terms prevents you from uploading personal Images to social media websites to share for domestic and personal purposes only.
7. Severability
If any part of these terms and conditions is held to be unenforceable this will not affect the enforceability of the remaining conditions.
8. Contact and Complaints
If you need to contact Tatton Park, or if you wish to complain about your experience purchasing Tickets using our website, you can do so using any of the following methods:
email: tatton@cheshireeast.gov.uk
telephone: 01625374400
letter: Tatton Park, Knutsford, Cheshire, WA16 6QN
Visit us
Tatton ParkKnutsfordCheshireWA16 6QN (Sat Nav WA16 6SG)
Directions (Google Maps)
Get in touch
General Enquiries: 01625 374400
Tatton Infoline: 01625 374435
Email: tatton@cheshireeast.gov.uk
Sign up for enews
Press and media
Website information
FAQs about Tatton Park
Help and Accessibility
Sitemap
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
E-ticket Terms and Conditions
Cheshire Peak District
Visit Britain
Visit England awards
National Trust
Cheshire East Council
Browser does not support script.
Browser does not support script.
Browser does not support script.
Browser does not support script.
Browser does not support script.
Browser does not support script.
Browser does not support script.
Browser does not support script.
Browser does not support script.