http://www.violectra.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Moseley Violins – Privacy Policy
When you request information from us or sign up to any of our services we may obtain personal information about you. This Policy explains how we look after that information and what we do with it.
Personal information – your explicit consent is needed to hold it and use it
We have a legal duty under the Data Protection Act 2018 (which incorporates the General Data Protection Regulations) to prevent your information being misused or used in anyway without your consent. We must also ensure that the personal data we hold about you is accurate, adequate, relevant and not excessive.
Personal information you may be asked to give includes:
Contact details: names, addresses, telephone numbers, email addresses;
Personal details: date of birth, employment, qualifications, location of practice; gender;
Sensitive personal details: this is information that we may ask to ensure we provide
service on a fair and equal basis – such as race, belief, sexuality or disability.
Where you provide these details, we will store them separately from other personal
data unless we have your consent to do otherwise;
Financial Information: e.g. Bank details/ card details. We don’t usually collect this information but if we do we will set out clearly how we will store it and use it.
Normally, the only personal information we hold has been provided by you and we have gained your consent to use it for specific purposes.
Each time we ask for your personal data we will explain the purposes the personal information will be used for and you will be asked to give explicit consent for this. We won’t use it for other purposes unless we specifically ask you to give further consent.
If you are 16 years or under we will ask the person who has parental authority to give consent.
Whenever we collect information from you, we will make it clear what personal information is essential in order to provide you with a service or respond to your request. You do not have to provide us with any additional personal information unless you choose to.
We may also want to contact you in future to tell you about other services we provide or to keep you informed of what we are doing. We will only do this where you have consented to be contacted in this way.
Security
We will store your personal information securely online or in paper-based files. However, the Internet is a global environment. This means where data is stored online it may be transferred outside the European Economic Area but we will work to ensure that information is held securely to high privacy standards and appropriate security software is operating to minimise risk.
Sharing your personal information
We will never sell to pass on your personal information to anyone else unless we have your specific consent to do so. The exception is if we are legally required to hand it over – for example to the Police.
Storing your personal information
We will keep your personal information as long as it needed to provide a service, to meet legal and public duty requirements and then we will arrange to have it confidentially disposed of.
Your Rights
You have the following rights to (subject to any legal or public duty we have or legal defence we need):
Give informed consent – we will not assume that you have consented to your information being used;
Withdraw your consent for us to hold the information;
‘Be forgotten’ and your personal information erased from out records (right of erasure);For the information we hold to be accurate we need your help in doing this – by
letting us know if your personal information has changed;
Have personal data transferred to another data controller (data portability) when you ask for this to be done;
Find out how your personal information is being held and used;
Have access to a copy of your personal data and other supplementary information we hold about you;
Object to processing that is likely to cause or is causing damage or distress;
Prevent any processing your personal information for direct marketing;
Object to decisions being taken by automated means;
Be notified if the privacy of your personal data is breached within 72 hours of us becoming aware of this;
In certain circumstances to have inaccurate personal data rectified, blocked, erased or destroyed; and
Claim compensation for damages caused by a breach of data protection law.
If you make any request about your personal information we will ask for proof of identity to ensure it not a request from another person.
We aim to respond to you requests promptly and, always within 28 days.
To find out more about these rights or to ask for any right to be implemented please contact us as set out below.
Address: Unison Strings Ltd, Moseley Violins, 2 A Tudor Road Birmingham B13 8HA
Telephone : 0121 693 1214
Email : info@moseleyviolins.co.uk
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok
Go to Top