http://www.plume-noire.com/privacy.html
Privacy Policy
Plume-Noire.com Online Privacy Statement
Plume-Noire.com respects the privacy of its visitors and therefore does not collect any private information about them except for the regular usage statistics.
Cookies
Plume-Noire.com does not use cookies. However, our third party ad serving companies such as Fastclick, Amazon.com, Comission Junction and Reporting.net might deliver cookies to your hard-drive to track the number of impression & click-throughs as well as shopping cart operations.
Newsletter
You can choose to subscribe for free to our newsletter. Your e-mail will not be sold, rented or given to any other party and will only be used for our newsletter. You can un-subscribe at any time if you wish not to receive it anymore.
Contests
We might collect your address and name for the purpose of contests hosted on Plume-Noire.com.
Unsolicited E-mail, Viruses & Scams
Plume-Noire.com never sends any unsolicited e-mails such as spam, viruses and scams asking for "Business Assistance".
Please note that any e-mail received from Plume-Noire and belonging to those categories is sent by third-party scam/spam artists and not Plume-Noire.com.
Advertising
We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain
anonymous information when you visit our web site. These companies may
use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream
information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements
clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other Web sites
in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be
of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or
third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about
this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of
advertising, you can visit networkadvertising.org.
| About Plume Noire | Contacts | Advertising | Submit for review |
| Contributors Wanted! | Traffic | Store |
Mailing List | Privacy Policy |
Copyright ©1998-2010 LA PLUME NOIRE All rights reserved.