https://www.statefarm.com/customer-care/privacy-security/privacy/state-privacy-rights?agentAssociateId=7QP9B1YS000
We value your privacy. We may collect personal information from you for business, marketing, and commercial purposes.
Read more
X
We value your privacy. We may collect personal information from you such as identifying information (name, address, driver's license number), transactional information (products or services purchased and payment history), digital network activity (interactions with our website, IP address), geo-location data, audio recordings and other forms of personal information. We use this information for business, marketing and commercial purposes, including but not limited to, providing the products and services you request, processing your claims, protecting against fraud, maintaining security, confirming your identity and offering you other insurance and financial products.
For California residents, click here to view the full version of the California Consumer Privacy Notice.
Para español, haga clic aquí para ver la versión completa del Aviso de Privacidad del Consumidor de California.
Read less
X
Espa&ntilde;ol
No disponible en español
Lo sentimos! Esta página aún no está disponible en español.
Localiza a un agente
Cancelar
Aviso
Lo sentimos! Esta página aún no está disponible en español.
Continuar
Cancelar
Start Of Main Content
Customer CarePrivacy Security
We value your privacy
Our privacy policies and other disclosures contain information as to how we collect, use, protect and disclose your personal information. The privacy notice(s) that apply to you vary based on the type of relationship you have with State Farm® and the state in which you live. Please see below for more.
Notice of Privacy Policy
You are subject to the Notice of Privacy Policy which is required by the federal Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) under either of the following conditions:
You have financial products or services (banking, securities, or insurance) which are used primarily for personal, family, or household purposes
State Farm has your information in connection with these types of products
Read the full privacy policy
Notice of Privacy Policy FAQs
Solicitations and direct marketing FAQs
About our ads and tracking
We, along with our vendors, use several common tracking technologies on our website properties and in our mobile applications to collect information about your computer or device. These may include:
Browser cookies
Local shared objects (such as "Flash" cookies)
Mobile advertising or device IDs
Analytical tools
Other technologies
Read the full policy
Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) privacy policy
You’re subject to HIPAA, if you are:
A consumer who has purchased a health insurance policy
A State Farm employee or independent contractor agent and have enrolled in a State Farm group health plan
Read the full HIPAA Privacy Policy
State-required notices
State laws and regulations require certain privacy notices be provided depending on the State Farm product or service you have and the jurisdiction.
You are subject to the Insurance Information and Privacy Protection Act notice, if you:
Have insurance products (auto, homeowners, life, or health)
Are a claimant or beneficiary related to insurance products primarily for personal, family, or household purposes
This notice may apply in addition to the notices described above, which are provided in accordance with GLBA and/or HIPAA.
Read the State Privacy Rights notice
Which states does this apply to?
Arizona
California
Connecticut
Georgia
Illinois
Maine
Minnesota
Montana
Nevada
New Jersey
North Carolina
Ohio
Oregon
Notice of Privacy Policy to Consumers
If you are a resident of Maine or Montana, we are required to provide this notice as a result of your involvement in a claim with one of our customers and this is provided whether or not you are an existing State Farm customer. You might receive this notice if you were involved:
As the driver of another vehicle in an automobile accident with a State Farm-insured customer
As a passenger in a vehicle involved in a claim with a State Farm-insured customer
In a claim recorded under a State Farm Homeowners policy
Read the full Privacy Policy to Consumers
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
If you are a resident of California, you may have protections, subject to certain limitations, under the CCPA notice. In general, consumers subject to this notice will be those who do not have an existing customer relationship with State Farm.
Read the full CCPA notice
If you are a California resident and would like to exercise your CCPA rights, utilize the applicable link below to access and complete the data access request form.
California Consumers with prior State Farm employment - Request Form
California Consumers without State Farm Account online access - Request Form
California Consumers with State Farm Account online access - Request Form
Domestic abuse
Illinois and New York require notices to victims of domestic abuse of their rights granted by each state.
Read Illinois Domestic Abuse Notice
Read New York Domestic Abuse Notice
CUSTOMER CAREPrivacy SecurityPrivacy SecurityPrivacySecurityAlertsRelated PagesRelated pagesWelcomeContact UsInsurance Bill PayManage Your AccountsLife EventsMoving ChecklistChange Your AddressDownload Mobile AppsPrivacy Security CenterFaqsDisclosures