https://www.ohcenglish.com/conteudo/privacy-policy
Book Now
OHC English - Study English Language Around the World - 30 Years of Excellence -
Home
//About//Destinations//HEG//Courses//Gallery//Contact
Test your English
Book Now
HOME
/
Privacy Policy OHC
OHC
About
Destinations
HEG
Courses
Gallery
Contact
BROCHURE DOWNLOAD
TERMS & CONDITIONS
Privacy PolicyHolmes Education Group / Effective Date: 25 May 2018
Privacy StatementHolmes Education Group is pleased to provide the following Privacy Notice:
What information do we collect?We collect information from you when you register on our site, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, and demographic information such as nationality, preferences and interests, other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for? Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
• To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)• To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)• To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)• To process transactions• Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.• To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature• Internal record keeping• We may use the information to improve our products and services• We may periodically send promotional email about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided• From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail• We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests• To send periodic emails • The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How do we protect your information?We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies?Yes - please see our Cookie Policy for details.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect our rights and the rights of others, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party linksOccasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Online Privacy Policy OnlyThis online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms and ConditionsPlease also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing disclaimers, and limitations of liability.
Your ConsentBy using our site, you consent to our website's privacy policy, and our website's Cookie Policy.
Changes to our Privacy PolicyIf we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting UsIf there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using data@holmes.edu.au
Holmes Education Group comprises of the following companies:Holmes Commercial Colleges (Melbourne) LtdHolmes Colleges Sydney Pty LtdHolmes Colleges Queensland Pty LtdMelsand Pty LtdOxford House (Holdings) LimitedSol School Toronto IncSol Schools Vancouver LtdSol Group of Schools LtdSol Group of Schools LLCTeaching House IncInternational House New York IncOHC Education Ireland
MGF Arte