http://www.empire-theatre.co.uk/privacy-policy
You are here: Home » Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions
HomeContact UsHow to Find Us
Main Menu
HomeTRextasy 2021Films at the EmpireFilms for KidsDementia Friendly CinemaDementia Friendly Choir 2020Autism Friendly CinemaTechnical SpecificationsAbout the Empire
Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions
The Empire Theatre (we) reserve the right to:Make any alterations to the advertised programme or casting rendered necessary by unavoidable causes request any ticket holder to leave the theatre and take appropriate action to enforce this right, refuse admission or eject from the venue any person that it believes is likely to cause a nuisance, disturbance or threat to other audience members, the venue or its employees refuse admission to anyone whose tickets have been purchased through an unauthorised agency or third partyrescind a membership or gift membership should the recipient contravene our terms of sale.Tickets and BookingEvery member of the audience must have a valid ticket for the date and time that they are attending and be able to produce I.D. to support a concessionary or discounted rate.It is your responsibility to ensure that all tickets issued to you are accurate, and that personal information provided when making a booking is correct.The Empire Theatre takes no responsibility for tickets lost in the post.No tickets may be re-sold for any reason by any outlet other than the Empire Theatre Box Office or one of its authorised ticket agents (unauthorised outlets include websites such as auction sites). Failure to comply will make this ticket void.Whilst the Empire Theatre takes responsibility for tickets purchased directly through the Empire Theatre Box Office, the Theatre website and authorised ticket agencies, we will not be responsible for tickets that have been sold through unauthorised methodsBookers with tickets purchased through an unauthorised vendor will not in any circumstances receive an exchange or refund from the Empire Theatre.The Empire Theatre reserves the right to place restrictions on the volume of tickets that may be ordered through the Box Office or online.When making a booking the booker accepts our terms and conditions on behalf of all members of their party.The Empire Theatre conforms to the Data Protection Act 1998 Exchanges, cancellations and refunds.Tickets cannot be refunded unless a performance is cancelled. In the event of an abandoned performance (i.e. that is stopped part way through), bookers will first be offered the opportunity to exchange tickets for another performance; a refund will be issued for an abandoned performance if there are no alternative tickets or if the booker is not able to attend an alternative performance.In the event that bookers are unable to attend a performance a refund will not be made available. However the Empire Theatre will exchange tickets for another performance of the same production at the cost of £1 per ticket and subject to availability. Original tickets must be returned to the Empire Theatre Box Office at least two days prior to the original performance date. The Empire Theatre may agree to sell unused tickets previously purchased directly from the Theatre, on behalf of the Booker, at face value, if the production has reached capacity.Money from successfully re-sold tickets must be collected in person from the Box Office. The Empire Theatre cannot guarantee the re-sale of returned tickets. It is the bookers responsibility to check with the Box Office if their ticket has been resold.The Empire Theatre does not have understudies and so it may be necessary to cancel a performance at short notice due to cast illness. For this reason please ensure the Box Office has your correct contact details. In this instance no travel costs or other expenses incurred as part of your visit to the Empire Theatre will be refunded.Refunds, issued for whatever reason, will be credited to your Empire Theatre account. This credit must be used within two calendar years (24 months). Any credit not used within this time will be assumed to be a donation to the Empire Theatre; it will be removed from your account and put towards our annual fundraising targetGeneral Terms of AdmissionProduction running times are estimates until after press night has taken place Production start times may vary.Our latecomers policy is dependent on the production. Latecomers may be asked to wait in the foyer until an appropriate moment in the performance to admit them to the auditorium. If there is no appropriate moment or admittance will cause disruption latecomers may be refused admission. There is a monitor in the foyer where latecomers can view the performance. No refund or exchange will be offered in this instance.Audience members who leave the auditorium once the performance has started may be asked to wait in the foyer until an appropriate moment in the performance to be re-admitted. If there is no appropriate moment or admittance will cause disruption, re-admittance may be refused. There is a monitor in the foyer where the performance can be viewed. No refund or exchange will be offered in this instance.The use of mobile phones and other electronic devices, even when silenced, can be distracting to other audience members and the performers on stage. Mobile phones, watch alarms and other electronic devices should be switched off before entering the auditorium.Children under the age of four, including babes in arms, will not be admitted to the auditorium - exceptions to this rule can only be made if the Empire Theatre advertises the production as a family show suitable for young children of that age.Filming, photography or audio in the foyer or during a performance are strictly prohibited unless written permission has been granted by the marketing department. The Empire Theatre reserves the right to delete or destroy and such recorded material made without permission.The Empire Theatre may carry out general filming, sound recording or photography in or around the venue. By purchasing tickets or visiting the bar you and your party are consenting to being filmed, recorded or photographed.The Empire Theatre does not have a cloakroom or storage for bicycles or luggage at the theatre.We welcome feedback at any time. Please send your comments, compliments or complaints to This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it..Security and SafetyAbusive, anti-social or threatening behaviour of any kind towards another member of the audience or staff will result in immediate removal from the premises and may end in legal action.Whilst not currently standard practice, the Empire Theatre reserves the right to conduct bag searches for security purposesGlasses, bottles, cameras and recording equipment are not allowed in the auditorium, and drinks may be carried in plastic cups provided.Hot food is not permitted in the auditorium. Please remember any food/sweets in noisy wrappers may disturb the performers and other members of the audience.Strobe lighting, gunshots and smoke effects are sometimes used in productions; details are available from the Empire Theatre Box Office after the first performance.GeneralYou may use our websites subject to the terms and conditions set out on this page. Access and use by you of this site constitutes acceptance by you of the terms and conditions in force at the time of use.You may not alter our websites in any way or post onto or transmit to our websites any material containing software viruses or files which may damage or disrupt the good working order of computer or telecommunications equipment.Any comment you post on our websites will not be confidential and may be used by the Empire Theatre for any purpose subject to our Privacy Policy.The use of our websites by a minor is subject to the consent of their parent or guardian.The Empire Theatre will aim to correct any errors or omissions as soon as possible after being notified of them.If any part of these terms and conditions are not enforceable, this will not affect the enforceability of any other part.These terms and conditions are governed by English Law and all disputes will be submitted to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts.Linking to our sitesYou may link to our websites, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it.You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists. You must not establish a link to our site on any website that is not owned by you.Our websites and their content must not be framed on any other site.If you wish to make any use of content on our sites other than that set out above, please contact This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.Links to Third Party SitesOur websites may contain links to websites operated by third parties which provide useful information that supplements our own services. The content and operation of these websites is outside our control and you proceed at your own risk. The Empire Theatre does not endorse or sponsor, and is not liable for the products, services or content you access through any linked site.ContentWe are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights on our websites, and in the material published on it.  Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved.Our status (and/or that of any identified contributors/sources) as the authors of content on our site must always be acknowledged.You must not use any part of the content on our site for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from us or our licensors.Where permission to reproduce material from the site is indicated (for example, materials provided for the use of the media) or permission is granted on copyright protected material, the material may be reproduced free of charge in any format or medium provided it is reproduced accurately and not used in a misleading context. Where any of the copyright items on this site are being republished or copied to others, the source of the material must be identified and the copyright status acknowledged.If you print off, copy or download any part of our websites in breach of these terms of use, your right to use our websites will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made.Requests for such approval should be directed to: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.The information we collect:When you book tickets via the site, we may need to collect information about you to process the transaction and fulfil your order. This information may include, but is not limited to, details such as your name, your address and your credit card details.When you register to receive email bulletins and personalise it to your requirements we will store your email address together with any other information you may provide as part of the personalisation process.With regard to each of your visits to our websites we may automatically collect the following information:Technical information, including the IP address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform.Information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from our site (including time and date); pages you viewed or searched for; page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page and/or website.What do we do with your personal information?The Empire Theatre uses your personal information to keep you informed about events, news and offers which we think will be of interest to you. If you have chosen to receive them, we will also use your information to provide you e-mail bulletins and other email alerts letting you stay up-to-date about relevant offers. We may also use the information to process any transactions you undertake with us and for internal administration and analysis. We disclose your information to third parties only for providing the above services to you. We do not sell, rent or trade your personal information to third parties for marketing purposes without your consent.We use the information collected via our websites to administer our sites and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes, and to improve our sites to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your device(s).CookiesIn order to improve our website and the services we provide to you, we use small files called cookies to store small bits of information on your device. Cookies help us to provide you with the best experience of our websites, enabling you to login, shop online, and generally personalise your online experience.Have any questions? Please contact This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.Managing cookiesMost web browsers allow you to control the cookies stored on your computer through your browser’s settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been stored on your device and to manage or delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.orgRemoving or disabling cookiesYou may choose to remove or block cookies at any time by adjusting your browser settings, but in some cases, this may impact your experience of our websites.Analytics CookiesWe use Analytics cookies on our websites, including Google Analytics, to help us develop and improve how our websites work, estimate our audience size, and understand how visitors to our websites use our services.The information collected is anonymously and does not identify visitors. The data includes the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come from and the pages they visited.For more information on Google Analytics, visit Google’s Privacy Policy: www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy   Opting OutYou can set your browser to not accept cookies, but this may limit your ability to use our services.Virus protectionWe make every effort to check and test material at all stages of production. It is always wise for you to run an anti-virus program on all material downloaded from the internet. We cannot accept any responsibility for any loss, disruption or damage to your data or your computer system which may occur whilst using material derived from our websites.You acknowledge that you use our websites at your entire risk and that we shall not be liable for any loss (whether direct, indirect, incidental or consequential damages) resulting from your use of our websites and their material.All material is provided on an "AS IS" basis only. We cannot warrant that our websites or any material provided will meet any of your needs or requirements or that it will be complete, error free, accurate or that it will be delivered without interruption, fault or error. Accordingly and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we hereby disclaim all warranties and conditions, whether express, implied or statutory, regarding our websites and their materials, including, but not limited to, any warranty of satisfactory quality or fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement of third party rights.VariationsThese terms may be varied from time to time. Please ensure that you review these terms and conditions regularly as you will be deemed to have accepted a variation if you continue to use this site after any variation has been posted
The Empire Theatre
Butler Road Halstead Essex CO9 1LL
WWW: www.empire-theatre.co.uk EMAIL: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Charity no. 275693
PRIVACY POLICY TERMS & CONDITIONS
Empire Bingo
THE BINGO HAS RESTARTED at the Empire....Monday evening sessions. Doors open at 6.45pm for 7.45pm start.Small entry fee which includes raffle. Prize raffle and cash prizes, refreshments and a warm and friendly welcome.
Empire Theatre Vouchers
Vouchers are available to use against tickets booked at the Theatre, for live shows and events.They are available in £10, £15, £20 and £25, these are perfect gifts for someone who can the choose their own shows to attend.