http://www.americanquilter.com/about_aqs/social_media_terms_and_conditions.php
American Quilter's Society
Search
Site Search
Products
Calendar of Events
Articles
Patterns
News
Appraisers
Guilds
Shops
Shows
Create an Account | Login
Wishlist View Cart
AQS on Facebook AQS on Twitter AQS on YouTube AQS on Instagram AQS on Pinterest
Home
AmericanQuilterMagazine
Renew Membership
Gift Membership
Featured Magazine Content
AQ Digital Issues
Web Bonuses
Downloadable Files
Patterns
Available AQ Back Issues
Indexes
2019 Index
2018 Index
2017 Index
2016 Index
2015 Index
2014 Index
2013 Index
2012 Index
2011 Index
2010 Index
2009 Index
2008 Index
2001-2007 Index
AQ Article Submission Guidelines
Advertisers Media Kit
Staff Biographies
Contact AQ Editor
QuiltWeek
iquilt
ShopAQS
Videos
QuiltingCommunity
AQS News
AQS MyQuiltPlace
AQS Authors
AQS iquilt Instructors
AQS Appraisers
Appraisers Program
Appraisers List
Community Events
Quilt Guilds
Quilt Shops
Join / Renew
AQSBlog
MembersOnly
Section Navigation
Join AQS Today
Who we are
How did we get started
Mission
Staff Biographies
Contact Us
AQS Employment
Site Map
American Quilter's Society
PO Box 3290
Paducah, KY 42002-3290
Toll-free (for orders only, please):
1-800-626-5420
Phone: 270-898-7903
Fax: 270-898-1173
Physical Street Address for UPS/FedEx Shipments Only:
5801 Kentucky Dam Road Paducah, KY 42003-9323
About AQS Social Media Terms and Conditions
Participating Guidelines
We encourage your participation on American Quilter's Society (AQS) Social Media Platforms (SMPs), and hope you will join the discussions. We can't respond to every contribution but will give due diligence to provide assistance when appropriate. We reserve the right to review content before it is posted. Content that is off-topic or clearly promoting a commercial product may not be posted and may be removed. We also expect a basic level of civility. Disagreements are fine, but mutual respect is a must and profanity or abusive language is unacceptable.
Please remember that when you post a comment to a SMP (e.g., Facebook, Twitter, Instagram) it is published for the world to see. For your own privacy and that of your family, you should consider carefully how much detailed personal information you want published on the Internet.
Comment Policy
We encourage your comments on American Quilter's Society (AQS) Social Media Platforms (SMPs), and hope you will join the discussions. We can't respond to every comment but will give due diligence to provide assistance when appropriate. We reserve the right to review comments before they are posted. Comments that are off-topic or clearly promoting a commercial product may not be posted and may be removed. We also expect a basic level of civility. Disagreements are fine, but mutual respect is a must and profanity or abusive language is unacceptable.
By posting any comments, posts, or other materials on AQS SMPs, you give AQS the irrevocable right to reproduce, distribute, publish, display, edit, modify, create derivative works from, and otherwise use your submission for any purpose in any form and on any media. You also agree that you will not:
Post
material that infringes on the rights of any third party, including, but not
limited to, intellectual property, privacy, or publicity rights;
Post
material that is unlawful, obscene, defamatory, threatening, harassing,
abusive, slanderous, hateful, or embarrassing to any other person or entity as
determined by AQS in its sole discretion;
Post
advertisements or solicitations of business;
Post chain
letters or pyramid schemes;
Impersonate
another person;
Allow
any other person or entity to use your identification for posting or viewing
comments; and/or
Post the
same note more than once, or "spam."
AQS reserves the right (but is not
obligated) to do any or all of the following:
Remove
communications that are abusive, illegal, disruptive, or that otherwise fail to
conform to these Terms and Conditions;
Terminate
a user's access to AQS SMPs upon any breach of these Terms and Conditions; and
Edit or
delete any communications posted on AQS SMPs, regardless of whether such
communications violate these standards.
Finally, you agree that you will
indemnify AQS against any damages, losses, liabilities, judgments, costs, or
expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees and costs) arising out of a
claim by a third party relating to any material you have posted.
Home
AmericanQuilterMagazine
QuiltWeek
iquilt
ShopAQS
Videos
QuiltingCommunity
Join / Renew
AQSBlog
MembersOnly
© 2020 Schroeder Publishing, Inc.
All rights reserved. About AQS Links Privacy Contact Us Shipping/Returns Site Map Quilt Credits Employment Opportunities Social Media Terms and Conditions Facebook Giveaway Rules