https://www.mcmichael.com/privacy
Events Calendar
« December 2020
»
M
T
W
T
F
S
S
30
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
1
2
3
Toggle SlidingBar Area
Privacy Policy
mcmichaeladmin
2017-03-17T15:53:04+00:00
PRIVACY POLICYThe McMichael Canadian Art Collection
is committed to protecting your privacy.
How Do We Collect and Use Personal Information?Some of our programs and services ask you to provide personal information such as your name, your home address, your email address or your interests. When we ask you for personal information, we tell you why. We collect this personal information for the purpose of serving you. We also use it to compile aggregate statistics, which include no personal information that identifies you, in order to administer, evaluate and improve our programming. We collect and use personal information for the sole purposes for which the information was provided.
We only collect personal information directly from you or your designate. When you provide this information, you consent to its collection. If you do not want this information collected and used for the purposes specified, please do not submit it to us. If you have already submitted information and would like us to remove it from our records, please contact us (see below). We give you the opportunity to limit the information you provide; however, that may limit the personalized services we can offer you. The information you provide to the McMichael is for the sole use of this organization and shall not be shared with any other individual, corporation or similar cultural organization without your knowledge and consent. We do not rent, trade nor sell our lists.
From time to time, the McMichael may make contests available to its Web site users. Any and all such contests are governed by the privacy protection rules outlined in the preceding paragraphs and are not open to persons under the Age of Majority.
The McMichael Web SiteWe may use a browser feature called a “cookie” to collect non-identifying information about how our visitors use this site. Cookies are small data files that a Web site writes to your hard drive to allow it to monitor your visit to the site. Cookies identify your browser – but not you – to our server when you visit our site. By themselves, cookies cannot be used to disclose the individual identity of any site user. We do not use cookies to track and target our users in any way, McMichael may compile the data into statistical information on traffic patterns and use it to assess and improve our site’s content and functionality.
How We Manage Your InformationTo prevent unauthorized access, maintain accuracy and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic and administrative measures to safeguard and secure the information we collect. All personal information provided online (for example, in order to purchase membership at the McMichael, to make a donation or to make a purchase through our shop) is fully protected through password protocols and encryption software. Our membership, mailing list and donor records are kept only for as long as they are required to serve you and to meet our commitments under the law. We destroy paper copies by shredding, electronic information, by deleting it and, when a hard drive is discarded, we ensure that the hard drive is physically destroyed.
Access to Your Personal InformationWith a few exceptions, you have the right to see what personal information we hold about you and to receive copies of your records. If you believe there is a mistake in the information, you have a right to ask for it to be corrected. The records are the property of the McMichael. To inquire, call 905.893.1121 or contact us.
Reproduction and Terms of UseThe information on our site, including text and images (the “Content”), is owned or licensed by the McMichael Canadian Art Collection, the respective artists or their heirs, and/or copyright holders. Visitors to the site are permitted to view or download a single copy of any portion of the Content, provided this is solely for personal use. Content may not be modified, copied, distributed, transmitted, displayed or reproduced for publication in any format, or to create derivative works. Reproduction of any portion of the Content except as outlined above is prohibited without the express written consent of the McMichael and/or the copyright holder. For permission to use any image and to obtain photographic material please contact the McMichael Canadian Art Collection at (905) 893-1121, ext. 2252 or via email.
ContactsIf you have any questions regarding our Privacy Policy or believe that the McMichael Canadian Art Collection has failed to adhere to this Privacy Policy, please call (905) 893-1121 or email us. For more general inquiries concerning the protection of personal information or to make a formal complaint about our privacy practices, contact the Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada at 1-800-282-1376, http://www.privcom.gc.ca.
Sign Up
×
FOLLOW US