http://www.wsc.edu/info/20011/about/1239/privacy_policy
be_ixf; php_sdk; php_sdk_1.4.18
57 ms
iy_2020; im_12; id_10; ih_23; imh_27; i_epoch:1607671656774
ixf-compiler; ixf-compiler_1.0.0.0
py_2020; pm_12; pd_03; ph_07; pmh_36; p_epoch:1607009791283
bec-built-in; bec-built-in_1.0.1; bodystr
pn_tstr:Thu Dec 10 23:27:36 PST 2020; pn_epoch:1607671656774
0 ms
Menu
Admissions
Tuition & Aid
Academics
Campus Life
Athletics
About
Home
About
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Wayne State College (WSC) takes privacy seriously and requests only the personal identifiable information (PII) needed to conduct the business of the college. This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for https://www.wsc.edu. By using this website, you consent to our collection and use of information in accordance with this privacy policy.
Information Collected
WSC collects, stores, and uses the following types of personal information:
Cookies
Cookies are small files that are stored on your computer (unless you block them). We use cookies to understand and save your preferences and may compile aggregate data about site traffic and interaction for the purpose of improving the user experience.
Personal Identifiable Information (PII)
We collect PII from you for the sole purpose of providing the services you request. The types of information requested may include: email addresses, name, address, birthdate, phone numbers, academic background, maiden name, spouse/partner, job title and marital status. When providing information other than your own PII (information about a third party), you certify that you have permission to share such information, and that this privacy policy has been shared with the applicable third party.
University of Nebraska Supported Systems
Wayne State College is closely affiliated with the University of Nebraska for the student information system and financial and human resource systems. You consent to the University of Nebraska policies when accessing these systems.
Partners and Service Providers
When appropriate, the college may use service providers to collect data for services including, but not limited to, services associated with athletics, college transfers, scholarships, assessment, information security training, email, and payment card processing. While WSC uses care in selecting service providers, we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of service provider websites. We encourage users to be cautious when leaving our website and to evaluate third party privacy policies. Some of these service providers have access to personal data about you that WSC may not otherwise have, and the service providers may share some or all of this personal data with us as needed to provide you with the services you request.
Collected Information Use
We will not share, sell, or authorize any third party to use the information that you provided without your permission unless required by law. The information that you provide is used to deliver the services necessary to conduct college business. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary. We also use the email addresses and phone numbers that you provide for sending you public information about the college. We may also provide your information to third parties in circumstances where we believe that doing so is necessary or appropriate to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request. The information may also be used to detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues and to protect the rights and safety of others.
Information Protection
WSC uses reasonable security measures to help protect the information within our control from loss, misuse, and alteration. WSC complies with applicable state and federal privacy statutes including the Higher Education Opportunity Act (HEOA), Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA), the Nebraska Public Records Law, and Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA). Only college representatives who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personally identifiable information (PII). The computer system used to store PII are contained within a secure environment. While reasonable security and compliance measures are used, we recognize that no method of internet data transmission and electronic data storage is completely secure.
Data Correction, Review, Retention and Contacting WSC
WSC will retain information about you as needed for the purposes set out in this policy unless a longer period is required under applicable law or as otherwise required to comply with legal obligations. You can request to review and revise the information that WSC has maintained about you by submitting the associated revision form on this website, or by contacting the WSC Registrar listed within this website.  If you need to contact WSC for reasons other than to update information that WSC maintains about you, please visit the contact page on our website.
Policy Revisions
This privacy policy may be amended at WSC’s discretion with changes posted at this webpage.