http://www.awaionline.com/about/privacy/
About AWAI Copywriting Training Programs Privacy Statement
American Writers & Artists Institute Privacy Statement
American Writers & Artists Institute takes individual privacy very seriously. We are also aware of the threats to your security and privacy on the Internet. Please take a few moments to review the steps that American Writers & Artists Institute takes to ensure your privacy and security while giving you the best possible customer service as you use our websites.
Ordering Online
Any data you submit to us through an online order form is transferred to us via a Secure Sockets Layer encryption protocol and is kept in databases that cannot be accessed from outside.
In other words, any data you send us is encrypted, so in the unlikely event a hacker intercepts your data, it cannot be easily read. Our security mechanisms
prevent access to our servers by anyone outside of the company.
Email
If you subscribe to The Golden Thread, or purchase any products from American Writers & Artists Institute, your name and email address will be placed in a database. As with all other personal information, only authorized employees of American Writers & Artists Institute ever have access to this data. We do not give American Writers & Artists Institute email addresses to outside companies.
American Writers & Artists Institute does not sell or rent your email address to anyone. We may use your name and address to send you information on other American Writers & Artists Institute products that may suit your interests. And, although we disagree with it, we must turn over any pertinent information to any law enforcement agency that takes the proper steps to require it.
Any email you send to American Writers & Artists Institute is completely confidential. We will not add your name to our email list without your permission. For security reasons, if your inquiry is about one of your subscriptions, we may ask you to submit some additional information only to verify your identity. Remember, in this case we are only asking you to confirm information you have already given us.
If at any time you wish to be removed from our mailing list, please contact our Member Services department.
Cookies
American Writers & Artists Institute (AWAI) uses cookies, tracking pixels and related technologies. Our site uses cookies dropped by us or third parties (such as Facebook) for a variety of purposes including to operate and personalize the website. Also, cookies may be used to track how you use the site and to target ads to you on other websites.
If you would like to opt-out of the collection and use of information for ad targeting, please visit: www.aboutads.info/choices.
Discussion Board
You are welcome to participate in the American Writers & Artists Institute Discussion Board. Please note that submitting your email address or a URL is completely voluntary but you do so at your own risk. While American Writers & Artists Institute does not harvest email addresses from the Discussion Board, there is nothing to prevent an unscrupulous company from doing so.
You must submit a name to submit a message to the Discussion Board, but it does not have to be your name; aliases are completely acceptable as long as they are unique and not meant to impersonate another person. If you feel someone is impersonating you on our Discussion Board, please contact us and we will take all necessary actions, including legal, to correct the matter.
We reserve the right to remove any messages from the Board which are advertisements to buy or sell securities, are unrelated ads for other products, contain profanity or are otherwise illegal. But ultimately we cannot be held responsible for any claims made on our Discussion Board.
If you have any questions or comments you can reach us via our contact page or with the information below.
Disclaimer
American Writers & Artists Institute does not act as personal career advisors or guarantee employment as a result of taking one of our programs. AWAI provides its members with information about improving their writing, and design. The executive staff and Board of Advisors who contribute to AWAI's programs are proud of the reputation AWAI has built since its inception in 1997. We believe the information presented to our members in our published resources and at our meetings and seminars is the best and most useful available to people interested in writing and graphic design today. The information presented in AWAI programs is for the exclusive use of AWAI members. Copying or disseminating any information published by AWAI, electronic or otherwise is strictly prohibited. Members should be aware that AWAI is not a school nor does it offer any degrees recognized by employers. Income results may vary.
American Writers & Artists Institute
220 George Bush Blvd, Suite D • Delray Beach, FL 33444
Phone: (561) 278-5557
Share this Page:
Facebook   Twitter   Pinterest   LinkedIn   Email
How Can We Help?
Call Member Services
866-879-2924 (Toll Free)
Mon – Fri 8:30 AM to 5:00 PM ET
More Ways to Contact Us »