http://www.trhonline.com/legal.htm
Home  Forum | Videos | Music | Comics | Humor | Podcasts & Shows | Articles | Fun & Games | FAQs
TRHOnline.com
Terms, Conditions, and Disclaimers
Last Updated: Nov. 22, 2005
TRHOnline.com General Site
Information held on the website
TRHOnline.com is the property of  TRHNetworks/TRHOnline unless otherwise
noted.  Reproduction of said information without permission from TRHOnline.com
is illegal, and prosecutable by law.
While original copyright
is still the property of the creator, TRHOnline.com reserves the right
to reproduce any message sent to or information submitted to TRHOnline.com
at any time for both commercial and/or noncommercial use without compensation
unless an additional agreement exists.
Message Board
The message board of TRHOnline.com
is regulated by a clearly posted set of rules.  Content that is not
permissible contains, but is not exclusively:
1. Use of another posters
name.
2. Use of multiple aliases
3. Posting of Libelous and/or
Slanderous Materials
4. Hate Speech against
any Race, Religion, Creed,  or Sexual Preference
5. Use for commercial
sales or spamming
6. Posting content that violates an established copyright
TRHOnline.com  reserves
the right to edit, delete, or otherwise alter any posts that contain said
content.
TRHOnline.com disclaims any
and all responsibility and all liability for the accuracy, legality, reliability,
or content of Messages posted on the Message Board. TRHOnline.com disclaims
any responsibility for the deletion, failure to store, misdelivery, or
untimely delivery of Messages. TRHOnline.com disclaims any responsibility
for any harm resulting from downloading or accessing any Messages or other
information or material through the Message Board.
TRHOnline.com does not guarantee
the privacy of messages posted through the Private Messaging provided by the message board.
TRHBlogs
TRHBlogs is a free service,
but is therefore subject to restrictions.  Rules of content are subject
to the same restrictions of the TRHOnline.com Message Board.
Content of Blog Entries are copyright to their original poster; however, TRHOnline.com reserves the right to republish said information electronically (for free access), excepting messages flagged as "Private."
TRHOnline.com disclaims any
and all responsibility and all liability for the accuracy, legality, reliability,
or content of Messages posted on TRHBlogs. TRHOnline.com disclaims
any responsibility for the deletion, failure to store, misdelivery, or
untimely delivery of Messages. TRHOnline.com disclaims any responsibility
for any harm resulting from downloading or accessing any Messages or other
information or material through TRHBlogs.
TRHOnline.com does not guarantee
the privacy of messages posted through TRHBlogs.
Privacy Statement
TRHOnline.com collects information
regarding your IP address, along with other information submitted by your
browser, including, but not exclusively, geographical domain, browser software,
operating system, screen resolution, and link passed through.  By
posting to this site, you are willingly broadcasting your IP address,
and it may be listed to users at TRHOnline.com's discretion.
Site Search | Blog Search | Forum Search | Who is TRH?
Copyright
© Traegorn RavenHawk Online, 1996-2020 All Rights Reserved - Contact TRHOnline via e-mail at trh@trhonline.com.
Terms,
Conditions, Disclaimer, and Privacy StatementTiffany Grant Has A Mean Right Hook