https://www.bobdylanisis.com/terms-conditions/
My Account
Cart
Checkout
Login
0 Items
No products in the cart.
View cart
Run By Dylan Fans - For Dylan Fans
Availability Of Goods
If ISIS Magazine Limited has insufficient stock to deliver the goods ordered by you, we will notify you as soon as possible and any sum debited by ISIS Magazine Limited from your PayPal account or credit card will be re-credited to your account and ISIS Magazine Limited will notify you by email at the address given by you in your order form. The refund will be made as soon as possible.
Packaging
ISIS Magazine Limited takes great care packaging every item and use Royal Mail, DPD or UPS for shipping.
Shipping
Items are in perfect condition when posted (except some pre-used items and this is stated per item). We charge a postage fee only to cover our costs of materials and labour. Once your order has been processed and we have received cleared payment, your item(s) will be dispatched within 3 working days, unless the item you order is a pre-order, which will be stated on the ISIS Magazine Limited website.
PLEASE NOTE: Orders shipped to customers outside of the United Kingdom may be subject to additional duties and taxes in your country.  These charges will be the responsibility of the buyer to pay.
Returns/Cancellations/Refunds
ISIS Magazine Limited must be advised of any faulty goods within 7 days of you receiving them. Genuinely faulty goods will be replaced or money refunded. You may cancel an order providing that order has not been shipped.
Payment
We accept payment by:
Paypal, Credit or Debit Card -online or via telephone.
Cheques via post – UK£ or US$ only. All cheques should be made payable to ISIS Magazine Limited.
Privacy
ISIS Magazine Limited will not share any of your information with third parties.
ISIS Magazine Limited do not store credit card details.
ISIS Magazine Limited may collect your personal information and store this information in our database.  This includes your name, address, phone number and /or  email.
ISIS Magazine Limited use your personal information only for the purpose it was intended, such as to send your order to you or send you our newsletter, updates on events, updates on your membership or responding to your online contact request.
You may request at any time the removal of all of your personal information from our database by contacting us.  Please note that this will also remove any records of communication between yourself and us and remove you from any online subscription services or from receiving any future notifications.
General Terms and Conditions
Our Rights
ISIS Magazine Limited reserve the right to: Temporarily or permanently we may modify or withdraw, the Website (or any part of) with or without notice and confirm that we shall not be liable to you or any third party for any modification to or withdrawal of the website; and/or We may change these conditions from time to time and your continuing use of the web site (or part of it) after the change shall be deemed your acceptance of such change. It is your responsibility to check regularly to determine whether the Conditions have been changed. If you do not agree to any change to the Conditions then should stop using the Website. We will use our reasonable endeavours to maintain the Website. The Website is subject to change from time to time. You will not be eligible for any compensation because you cannot use any part of the Website or because of a failure, suspension or withdrawal of all or part of the Website due to circumstances beyond our control.
Your Data
ISIS Magazine Limited  respect your personal information and undertake to comply with applicable UK Data Protection legislation. You should be aware that: If we are requested by the police or any regulatory or government authority investigating suspected illegal activities, or upon receipt of a court order, to provide your Personal Information and/or information concerning your activities whilst using the Website we shall do so; and We reserve the right in our reasonable discretion to disclose details of your use of the Website in relation to any, or any threatened, Court Proceedings in connection with your use, or the use of anyone under your control, of the Website whether in connection with the matters set out in these Conditions or otherwise.
Intellectual Property
You acknowledge and agree that all copyright, trademarks and all other intellectual property rights in all material or content supplied as part of the Website shall remain at all times vested in us or our licensors. You are permitted to use this material only as expressly authorised by us. The Website is Copyright, ISIS Magazine Limited. All rights reserved.
Entire Agreement
These Conditions (as amended from time to time) contain the entire agreement between you and us relating to the subject matter covered and supersede any previous agreements, arrangements, undertakings or proposals, written or oral, between you and us in relation to such matters. No oral explanation or oral information given by either of us shall alter the interpretation of these Conditions. You confirm that, in agreeing to accept these Conditions, you have not relied on any representation save insofar as the same has expressly been made a representation in these Conditions and you agree that you shall have no remedy in respect of any misrepresentation which has not become a term of these Conditions save that your agreement contained in this Clause shall not apply in respect of any fraudulent misrepresentation whether or not such has become a term of these Conditions.
Law
The Conditions will be exclusively governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of United Kingdom whose Courts will have exclusive jurisdiction in any dispute, save that we have the right, at our sole discretion, to commence and pursue proceedings in alternative jurisdictions.
This page was last revised 21/11/2021
Search for:
Search
ShopCalendar
Sample ISIS Issue
ISIS Subscription 2020/21
ISIS Back Issues
CD & DVD
Vinyl
Books - New Titles
Pre-Loved General Collectables
Pre-Loved Posters
Pre-Loved Programmes
Pre-Loved Art Books
Pre-Loved Fanzines
Pre-Loved Song Books
Pre-Loved Tour Books
Information
About Us
Access All Areas (NEWS & BLOG)
Advertise With Us
Area Meetings
Contact Us
Discography
Join Our Mailing List
Links
Tour Dates
Articles
1. More Blood, More Tracks Interview with Jeff Slate
2. Dylan’s ‘Lost Concerts’ Of The 1960s
3. Some Of These Bootleggers & Copulating Blues
4. Bob Dylan Remastered
Interviews With The Editor
Derek Talks to It’s Nice That
Derek Talks to The Bridge
Privacy Policy . Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
facebook
Join Us On Facebook
Website designed and maintained by Tracy Barker
All content copyright © ISIS Magazine Limited 2020. All rights reserved.