http://www.hobobanjofred.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy:Hobobanjofred Inc. ("Hobobanjofred") operates Hobobanjofred.com and may operate other websites. It is Hobobanjofred's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Hobobanjofred collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Hobobanjofred's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Hobobanjofred's visitors use its website. From time to time, Hobobanjofred may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Hobobanjofred also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on Hobobanjofred.com blogs/sites. Hobobanjofred only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Hobobanjofred's websites choose to interact with Hobobanjofred in ways that require Hobobanjofred to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Hobobanjofred gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up
at Hobobanjofred.com to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Hobobanjofred are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Hobobanjofred collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with Hobobanjofred. Hobobanjofred does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Hobobanjofred may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. Hobobanjofred may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Hobobanjofred does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Hobobanjofred discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Hobobanjofred's behalf or to provide services available at Hobobanjofred's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Hobobanjofred's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Hobobanjofred will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Hobobanjofred discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Hobobanjofred believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Hobobanjofred, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an Hobobanjofred website and have supplied your email address, Hobobanjofred may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with Hobobanjofred and our products.
If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Hobobanjofred takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Hobobanjofred uses cookies to help Hobobanjofred identify and track visitors, their usage of Hobobanjofred website, and their website access preferences. Hobobanjofred visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Hobobanjofred's websites, with the drawback that certain features of Hobobanjofred's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Hobobanjofred, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Hobobanjofred goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Hobobanjofred may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Hobobanjofred and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Hobobanjofred may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Hobobanjofred's sole discretion. Hobobanjofred encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a Hobobanjofred.com account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Search for:
Recent Posts
Fixing Common TV Aerial Problems
Lone Star Spine and Rehab – Massage Therapy
Info on Criminal justice attorney
About Vaughan Limo Rentals Association
Detailed Notes On Waltham Home Care Agency
Categories
Accident Lawyer
Accountant
Accounting
Acne Treatment
Air Conditioner Repair
Appliance Repair
Appliances Repair
Attorney
Automotive
Bail Bonds
Beauty
Bitcoin
Business
Business Attorney
Carpet Cleaning
CBD
Chemistry Tutoring
Child Custody Lawyer
Chiropractic Care
Cleaning Service
Computers and Technology
Concrete Contractors
Construction
Cosmetic Plastic Surgery
Criminal Defense Attorney
cryptocurrency
Dating
Dental
Dentist
Dentistry
Dermatologist
Dermatology
Digital Marketing Agency
Divorce Attorney
Divorce Mediation
DUI lawyer
Dumpster Rental
Education
Electrician
Entertainment
Epoxy Flooring
Family Law Attorney
Fashion Style
Finance
Food
Furnace Repair Service
Furniture
Garage Door Repair
Garage Door Services
Health
Health and Fitness
Health Care
Home Builders
Home buyers
Home care
Home Energy
Home Improvement
Home Insulation
Home Loan
Home Security Service
Insurance
International School
Internet
Internet and Online Business
IT Services
IT Support
Junk Removal Service
Kitchen Appliances
Kitchen Remodeling
Kitchen Renovation
Law
Lawyer
Legal
Lifestyle
Limo Service
Locksmith
male stripper
Marketing
Martial Art
Mattress
Mortgage
Mortgage Broker
Music
Nonprofit Organization
Nursing
Nutritional Supplements For Dogs
Online Learning
Pain management
Painting
Party
Paving Services
Personal Injury Attorney
Personal Injury Lawyer
Personal Trainer
Pest Control
Pet Care
Pets
Physiotherapy
Plumbing Service
Product And Reviews
Psychiatrist
Quality Control
Real Estate
Reference and Education
Remodeling Contractors
Roofing
Roofing Contractor
Security service
SEO
SEO Services
Server Hosting
Server Hosting Services
sex
Shopping and Product Reviews
Skin Care
Smartphone Repair
Social Media Marketing
spa therapy
T-Shirt Printing
Tax service
Telephone System
Towing Service
Traffic Tickets
Translation Services
Tree Service
Upholstery Cleaning
Vacuum Cleaner
Water Damage Restoration
Water System
Web Design
Wedding
Wedding Caterer
Wellness Center
Window Replacement
Writing Agencies