http://www.worldmusic.org/content/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Concerts / EventsList of PerformancesPerformance SearchCalendarANOTHER YEAR OF GREAT PERFORMANCESCOVID-19 Concert UpdateBuy Tickets NowLoginWays To OrderVenuesGroup DiscountsGift CertificatesSupportBecome a MemberMembership BenefitsAnnual FundHOW YOU CAN HELP US DURING COVID-19AboutMISSION & MESSAGEOur StoryArchiveIN THE NEWSBoston Globe Fall Arts Preview 2019Press CenterSTAFF AND BOARDEducational and Community ProgramsRequest Season BrochureJobs and InternshipsContact UsHome
Events
SUPPORT
Buy Tickets
You are hereHome
Privacy Policy
Global Arts Live adopted this Privacy Policy to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, and delete your information.
1. Collection of InformationCertain applications on the Global Arts Live website may require users to register or to provide personal information in order to make a commerce transaction or to subscribe to a newsletter. Such personal information is never sold to third parties.
2. Mailing Lists If you’ve elected to receive e-mail, Global Arts Live may periodically contact you with special offers, updated concert information, and new services. All e-mails sent by Global Arts Live include an option to be removed from the e-mail list on the bottom of the email. You may also remove yourself from any and all e-mails by emailing info@globalartslive.org with the subject line "unsubscribe." To remove yourself from season brochure mailings, please contact Global Arts Live at (617) 876-4275 or email info@globalartslive.org and include your name and mailing address. We may on occasion exhange print mailing addresses (but never e-mail addresses) with other non-profit arts organizations and/or Global Arts Live sponsors.
3. CookiesGlobal Arts Live uses technologies, such as cookies, to customize content and advertising, to provide social media features and to analyze traffic to the site. We also share information about your use of our site with our trusted social media, advertising and analytics partners.
We use Google AdWords, Google Analytics and Facebook remarketing and conversion tracking tags to collect information about the content users engage with on our website, including the pages and products they view, add to cart, and purchase, to make our ads and campaigns more relevant and to better understand the results.
Users can get information on Google's privacy policy here, and control and disable cookies through their browser settings.
Facebook users can see in ad preferences which advertisers are currently running campaigns using their contact information. Facebook users who don't want this data used to show them ads can also turn it off in ad preferences.
Cookies, in general, can last up to two years after inactivity. For more information on cookies in general, visit the following: www.aboutcookies.org
4. Financial InformationGlobal Arts Live will protect all personal information that you share with us. If you make a purchase on globalartslive.org or crashfest.org, we will use your credit card number only to process your payment and will not use it for marketing purposes. For reasons of security, credit card information is not stored on our web server. We will retain order information for our records, but this information is never shared with third parties.
5. Links Our site links to other web sites. We do not control the privacy policies of the destination sites. Once you leave our servers (you can check where you are by checking the URL in the location bar on your browser), use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site you are visiting. The policy may differ from ours. If you cannot find the privacy policy of any of these sites via a link from the site’s homepage, you should contact the manager of that site for more information. Global Arts Live is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of the web sites other than globalartslive.org and crashfest.org.
6. Children We do not solicit personal information from children. Sites specifically geared toward children will not request any personal or contact information.
7. Contact Us/How To Update Your Personal Information You can help Global Arts Live maintain the accuracy of your personal information by notifying us when you change your name, address, phone number or e-mail address. By visiting the “My Account” section of the Global Arts Live Online Tickets system, you can update your information online. You can also contact us via phone at (617) 876-4275 or send an e-mail to info@globalartslive.org. You can also write us at: Global Arts Live 720 Massachusetts Avenue Cambridge, MA 02139
Please indicate both your old and new contact information so that we can make the appropriate corrections. If you have any concerns or interest in learning more about the individual information we retain, please email us at info@globalartslive.org and we would be happy to share with you what we have on file.
Global Arts Live welcomes your comments and questions regarding this privacy policy. Please address comments or questions regarding Global Arts Live’s privacy practices to us at the address listed above. Global Arts Live. Notices of revisions will be posted here.
Revised May, 2019
Need help? Call 617-876-4275 Tue. & Wed., 10am-5pm; Thur., 10am-1pm EST, or email us.
Global Arts Live is funded in part by
Global Arts Live is a nonprofit organization that brings the best international music, contemporary dance, and jazz from around the world to stages across Greater Boston. Each year, we present over 60 concerts and performances in more than 15 different theaters and clubs across the city, including Boston, Cambridge, and Somerville, Massachusetts.
GLOBAL ARTS LIVE and logo are service marks of World Music, Inc. Copyright 2020 | Privacy Policy | FAQ | Contact Us