https://www.hli.co.uk/privacy-notice/
Privacy notice
Within the framework of our enrolment form, we collect information about you. This privacy notice explains who we are, how we collect, share and use personal information, and how you can exercise your privacy rights. Changes to the Privacy Notice might be made so please visit our website for the latest version. Your data may be used for different purposes than those mentioned here. If that is the case we will notify you accordingly and proceed only if you agree. If you disagree with our Privacy Notice, please discontinue using our services. If you agree, let’s have a great language learning experience together!
BackgroundWe provide language tuition homestays. You will stay and live with a host teacher and he/she will teach you the language that you have chosen to learn. Your placement is made through what is in effect a matchmaking process. Our company is registered in Jersey and our administration office is based in Monaco. This is where your data is collected.
What information is being collected?The information collected is your name, country and city of residence, phone number, e-mail address, age, gender, profession, nationality, language level, your hobbies, whether you smoke or not, your allergies, important medical conditions, etc. We also include anything relevant to the purpose of selecting a suitable host family and teacher for you. Credit card details may also be needed for payments.
What is the legal basis for processing your information?Collecting your personal information is necessary for the selection of your host teacher. It helps us fulfil our contractual obligations to you.
Will the information be shared with any third parties?The information you provide is shared with HLI Local Organisers and host families. Sometimes this may be a single Local Organiser and a single host family but we may have to share your information with more than one Local Organiser and consequently more than one host family in order to find a match. Also, we will have to disclose your personal information if required to by law. Your payment information (e.g. credit card details) will never be communicated to a third party.
How will the information be used?Local Organisers are trusted individuals, carefully selected by HLI. They are tasked with managing families in given areas and they know all their families personally. They will use the information to match you with the most suitable family. We will never use your information with automated decision-making systems, including profiling systems.
How long will your information be stored?We will keep your personal information for as long as we have a relationship with you. Once our relationship with you has come to an end we will keep your personal information for a period of time that enables us to maintain business records for analysis (understanding market trends and/or audit purposes and to improve our services) and to comply with record keeping requirements under applicable laws. We may also need the information to process any existing or potential legal claims, to carry out fraud detection and prevention or to deal with any complaints regarding our services. We will delete your personal information when it is no longer required for these purposes. We will never sell or rent your information to anyone.
Who is responsible for your information?Home Language International Ltd. is responsible for your information and the Office Manager can be reached by email: privacy@homelanguageinternational.com
What rights do you have?If you are an EU citizen, you have rights under the European Union’s General Data Protection Rules to access or object to the use of personal information held about you, at any time. You can also ask us to rectify, update, erase, restrict or share your information in a usable format with another company. We encourage you to contact us to update or correct your information if it changes or if the personal information we hold about you is inaccurate. If you would like to discuss or exercise such rights, please contact our Office Manager.
PromotionWe may contact you regarding promotional activities such as Facebook posts and in such cases we will provide you with full information and ask for your specific consent.
How can you raise a complaint?If you are dissatisfied with how we have used your personal information, you may lodge a complaint to your relevant supervisory authority (in your country of residence). For example in the UK this would be the Information Commissioner’s Office.
Version 20.08.20