https://www.slotland.eu/en/privacy
Contact Us
Mobile
Promotions
Banking
Games
Home
114,900.30
Privacy Policy
Welcome to Slotland: a casino committed to providing
the best, most secure online gaming environment. Our industry leading privacy
policies ensure that all member data is safe and secure at all times. We never
sell personal data and all processing operations are carried out with strict
adherence to the EU General Data Protection Regulation ('GDPR'), specifically
but not limited to Article 6(1)(b) to (f) and Article 28.
Slotland Entertainment S.A., operator of Slotland casino, provides all
players with this Privacy Policy as proof of compliance with standard privacy
laws and to help players understand how their data is collected, used, and
protected. If you have any additional questions please feel free to contact us
at support@slotland.eu at any time.
For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, personal data means any information
relating to an identifiable person, i.e. information which can identify a person
whether by name, identification number, location data, an online identifier, or
to any other factor specific to their personal identity.
Collection of Data
You consent to providing your data when creating an account at Slotland,
access the site, take part in contests or promotions, contact Customer Support,
or by participate in surveys or questionnaires. The information which is
collected from you may include your name, email address, physical address, date
or birth, browser type, IP address, operating system or any additional data you
volunteer in surveys.
Processing of Data
The Personal Data you provide to us upon accessing and/or registering
at slotland.eu will be further processed for these purposes only: (i) to gather
information that will help improve the quality of our services; (ii) to aid
efficiency of response to any issues or inquiries raised with our support team;
(iii) to evaluate your participation in contests, promotions, or surveys; (iv)
to market services or promotions of the Slotland Entertainment Group;
(v) to inform you of any updates or new products. Players can unsubscribe from
newsletters at any time by contacting support.
We assure all players that their data will not be provided to third parties
unless required by law.
Security of Your Data
Slotland Entertainment S.A. employs only the most advanced technology, rules,
and security measures in order to protect Private Data at all times from
unauthorized access, usage, & modification. All employees are strictly also
obliged to protect user privacy.
Your Rights Regarding Your Data
Players can contact us at any time at
support@slotland.eu for a copy of their
personal details on record with us, and to update or correct this. Players can
unsubscribe from any Slotland emails by contacting us at the above
address with the word 'unsubscribe'. Players can also contact at any time
to close their account and have all data deleted.
Cookies
Slotland employs the use of cookies to track visits to the casino
in order to help personalize user experience. This collected information aids
in improving overall services and is not collected in a way which personally
identifies players. Players can disable cookies on their browser at any time,
following browser specific instructions, however doing so may restrict their use
of Slotland for security reasons.
Under-age Usage
Slotland prohibits services to persons under the age of legal consent.
All players must declare that they are 18 years of age upon creating an account
and it is also their responsibility to comply with the legal age in their own
jurisdiction. We reserve the right to reject or remove user data provided
by any person under-age.
Retention of Data
Slotland ensures that your private data will not be used for the
purposes aforementioned in this policy for any period longer than is absolutely
necessary for provision of service.
While we reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time
necessary, due to any changes in standard privacy laws, if approval is necessary
you will be notified of any changes. Please check this Privacy Policy regularly
as it is subject to change at any given time.
Copyright (c) 1998-2020 Slotland Entertainment S.A., All Rights Reserved. Content may not be duplicated.
About Us |
Contact Us |
Privacy Policy |
AML Policy |
Terms & Conditions |
Responsible Gaming |
Online Slots Real Money |
Mobile Casino |
Casino Articles |
News |
Affiliate Program