http://www.azpcg.org/privacy-policy/
search
Home
About Us
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
AZPCG operates http://www.azpcg.org and may operate other websites. It is our policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, AZPCG collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. AZPCG’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how AZPCG’s visitors use its website. From time to time, AZPCG may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
AZPCG also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on resolutiongeophysical.com blogs/sites. AZPCG only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to AZPCG websites choose to interact with AZPCG in ways that require AZPCG to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that AZPCG gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at resolutiongeophysical.com to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with AZPCG are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, AZPCG collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with AZPCG. AZPCG does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
AZPCG may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. AZPCG may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, AZPCG does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
AZPCG discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on AZPCG behalf or to provide services available at AZPCG websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using AZPCG websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. AZPCG will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, AZPCG discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when AZPCG believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of AZPCG, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of AZPCG website and have supplied your email address, AZPCG may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with AZPCG and our products. If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. AZPCG takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. AZPCG uses cookies to help AZPCG identify and track visitors, their usage of AZPCG website, and their website access preferences. AZPCG visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using AZPCG websites, with the drawback that certain features of AZPCG websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If AZPCG, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that AZPCG goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of AZPCG may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by AZPCG and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, AZPCG may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in AZPCG sole discretion. AZPCG encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a resolutiongeophysical.com account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
about us
random posts
How to Start a Plumbing Company
2 Reasons to Hire a Professional Caterer for Your ...
Tips to Save on Car Rentals
recent comments
Recent Posts
How to Start a Plumbing Company
Tips to Save on Car Rentals
2 Reasons to Hire a Professional Caterer for Your Next Event
Recent Comments
AZPCGHow to Start a Plumbing Company April 18, 2018If you have been in the plumbing field for a quiet a while and you want to use your expertise and training by expounding it to small business, then you came in the right place. There has been a high demand for plumbers now especially that more household need to maintain their plumbing systems. The […] secure_adminTips to Save on Car Rentals October 2, 2017When you plan on going for a road trip season on another country, you better prepare in advance. Car rentals are now becoming popular in travel industry especially because people don’t want to bring their own car in unfamiliar countries. Many travellers book kitchener corporate car rentals because they think it’s more efficient. However, the cost usually […] secure_admin2 Reasons to Hire a Professional Caterer for Your Next Event September 30, 2017If you are planning to hold a special party or corporate event, then it’s highly important that you hire a reputable and professional catering service provider to take care of the food, drinks and waiting service for your party. Whether you’re planning to hold anniversary celebrations, ladies’ party, or any other party that is quite […] secure_admin Categories
Car Rentals
Plumbing Company
Professional Caterer
Archives
April 2018
October 2017
September 2017
Designed by
Elegant Themes | Powered by
Wordpress