http://www.swanhill.vic.gov.au/privacy/
Home > Privacy
Privacy
Listen
Please read the following policy statements on how your personal information will be treated and managed as you use our website.
Information collected
When you look at this website, our Internet Service Provider makes a record of your visit and logs the following information for statistical purposes:
Your server address
Tour top level domain name (for example .com, .gov, .au, .uk etc)
The date and time of your visit to the site
The pages you accessed and documents downloaded
The previous site you have visited
The type of browser you are using
If you visit our site to browse, read or download information, our system will log these movements. These website logs are not personally identifiable, and we make no attempt to link them with the individuals who browse the site.
Access to information collected
Council will not make an attempt to identify users or their browsing activities. However, in the unlikely event of an investigation, a law enforcement agency or other government agency may exercise its legal authority to inspect our Internet Service Provider’s logs.
Use of information collected
We will only record your email address if you send us a message. Your email address will only be used for the purpose for which you have provided it .
Council is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. If you choose to give us personal information via the Internet that we may need, for example to correspond with you, it is our intent to let you know how we will use such information. We will not disclose this information to any third party unless disclosure is required or authorised by law. The information we collect from you may be used for our own planning and research purposes. You are able to access and update your personal information.
Cookies
You can access and browse our website anonymously, without disclosing personal information. However, when you visit our website, information is collected about you using a cookie. Cookies are pieces of information that a website can transfer to a computer for tracking your website visiting patterns and preferences. Most internet browsers are configured to accept cookies, but can be set to refuse cookies or warn when cookies are being used. Should you choose to reject all cookies, you will be unable to use Swan Hill Rural City Council services that require registration in order to participate.
Our site contains links to other websites, however, Swan Hill Rural City Council is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these sites. We recommend that you read the privacy statements of other linked sites.
Council intends to protect the quality and integrity of your personally identifiable information. We employ appropriate security methods and technologies to maintain information collected, prevent unauthorised access and ensure correct use of information.
This site does not provide facilities for the secure transmission of information across the Internet. Users should be aware that there are inherent risks transmitting information across the Internet. Once we receive your transmission, we do our best to ensure your information is secure on our systems.
Any personal information supplied by you through this site will be kept strictly confidential and will be used to provide you with the services you applied for and not used for purposes that you are not aware of.
For more information contact
Swan Hill Rural City Council
2013-09-22
shadmin
Accessibility Tools
Show ReadSpeaker Button
Change Font Size: A-
A
A+
PDF Alternatives
Quicklinks
Work for Council
Find a lost pet
Swimming pool and spa registrations
Landfills and Transfer Stations
Waste and Recycling
Council meetings
Building and Planning
Maps
Immunisations
Doing business with Council
Report an issue to Council
A – Z of Services
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
Report an Issue
Report an issue to Council
Accessibility. Privacy. Disclaimer
© Copyright 2013, All Rights Reserved.
Scroll To Top