http://www.arcticnightfall.com/index.php?section=privacy
Anime Index
.
Anime Store
.
Message Boards .
Help .
Search .
Calendar .
Login .
Register
Home
Anime Index
Icefall's Recommended
Anime Store
Message Boards
Anime Download
Anime Fanart
Anime Fanfics
Anime Images
Anime Movie Clips
Anime mp3's
Anime Ratings
Anime Wallpaper
Anime Links
Free Email
Check My Email
Link to this site
Your privacy is very important to ArcticNightfall. ArcticNightfall does not sell or share your personal information or email address with ArcticNightfallY third party. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for the arcticnightfall.com.
The following policy outlines the types of information that we gather about you and the way that way we use and don't use this information.
The information that we collect about our visitors falls into three general categories:
Information You Provide to Us. We may collect and store information, personal or otherwise, that you voluntarily supply to us either on the site, via e-mail, or in any other way. Some examples of this type of information include the information you submit (such as your name or e-mail address) when you register for an account,
information that you post on message boards, and information contained in search requests or questions you submit to the site. If you decline to supply or provide us with certain information, we may not be able to provide you with some services that are dependent on the collection of this information.
Information that is Automatically Collected. We also collect and store information that is generated automatically as you navigate through the ArcticNightfall site. For example, to enhance your experience at ArcticNightfall, we use a standard feature found in browser software called a "cookie." Cookies are small files that your web browser places on your hard drive for record-keeping purposes. By showing how and when visitors use our site, cookies help us track user trends and patterns. They also prevent you from having to re-enter your preferences on certain areas of our site where you have entered preference information before.
How is the Information Used?
ArcticNightfall uses the information it collects in a variety of ways, including, using the information to customize features and that appear on the site.
Please also keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online - for example on message boards, through gallery, or in other areas - that information can be seen, collected and used by others besides ArcticNightfall. ArcticNightfall cannot be responsible for any unauthorized third party use of information that you disclose online.
Be aware that we may occasionally release information about our visitors when release is appropriate to comply with law, to enforce our Terms of Service agreement, or to protect the rights, property or safety of visitors to our sites, the public, or ArcticNightfall.
Children's Privacy Statement for ArcticNightfall
This children's privacy statement explains our practices with respect to the online collection and use of personal information from children under the age of thirteen, and provides important information on your rights under federal law with respect to such information.
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. We screen users who wish to provide personal information in order to prevent users under the age of thirteen from providing such information. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personally-identifiable information from a user under the age of thirteen, we will delete such information from our records. If we change our practices in the future, we will obtain prior, verifiable parental consent before collecting any personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen.
Because we do not collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen, we also do not knowingly distribute such information to third parties.
We do not knowingly allow children under the age of thirteen to publicly post or otherwise distribute personally identifiable contact information.
Because we do not collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen, we do not condition the participation in online activities of a child under thirteen on providing personally identifiable information.
Interactive Features
This Service may include a variety of features, such as bulletin boards, which allows feedback to ArcticNightfall and real-time interaction between users. Responsibility for what is posted on bulletin boards and other public posting areas on the Service lies with each user - you alone are responsible for the material you post. ArcticNightfall does not control the messages, information or files that others may provide through the Service. It is a condition of your use of the Service that you do not:
Restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the Service.
Use the Service to post or transmit any unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane or indecent information of any kind, including without limitation any transmissions constituting or encouraging conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any local, state, national or international law.
Use the Service to post or transmit any information, software or other material that violates or infringes upon the rights of others, including material that is an invasion of privacy or publicity rights or which is protected by copyright, trademark or other proprietary right, or derivative works with respect thereto, without first obtaining permission from the owner or right holder.
Use the Service to post or transmit any information, software or other material that contains a virus or other harmful component.
Use the Service to post, transmit or in any way exploit any information, software or other material for commercial purposes, or which contains advertising.
Use the Service to advertise or solicit to anyone to buy or sell products or services, or to make donations of any kind, without the express written approval of ArcticNightfall.
Gather for the purpose of spamming e-mail addresses that have been posted by other users of the Service.
You understand that ArcticNightfall has no obligation to monitor any bulletin boards, gallery, or other areas of the Service through which users can supply information or material. However, ArcticNightfall reserves the right at all times to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any law, regulation or governmental request, or to refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, that in ArcticNightfall 's sole discretion are objectionable or in violation of these Terms of Service.
Registration
To use certain features of the Service, such as bulletin boards, you must register with ArcticNightfall on the form provided. You agree (a) to provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the Service's registration form, and (b) to maintain and promptly update the information you provide to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. If ArcticNightfall has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, ArcticNightfall has the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Service (or any portion thereof). Our use of any personally identifying information you provide to us as part of the registration process is governed by the terms of our Privacy Policy.
Passwords
To use certain features of the Service, you will need a username and password, which you will receive through the Service's registration process. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and account, and are responsible for all activities that occur under your password or account. You agree to notify ArcticNightfall immediately of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security, and to ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. ArcticNightfall cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to protect your password or account information.
Any personal information (email address, home address etc) we obtain from visitors/customers will not be sold or shared with any third party. All information gathered is used for internal purposes only.
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact:
Contact with any questions: Icefall @ the messageboards.
arcticnightfall.com © 1995 - 2011. All anime images are copyright their respective owners.
Designed for latest version of Firefox/Google Chrome - Privacy Statement