http://www.mpt.org/about/privacy/
About MPT
MPT Privacy Policy
All MPT websites adhere to a strict policy for ensuring the privacy of your and your children's personally identifiable information (such as full name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, credit card information and/or other identifiable information) and preserving the integrity of this online medium. We're committed to ensuring the privacy of your personally identifiable information, and to protecting your ability to make financial transactions and transmit your personal data with full confidence.Gathering and Use of InformationWe collect two types of information from you: a) Personally identifiable information, includes personal information (such as your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, credit card information and/or other identifying information) you voluntarily supply upon request when you register for our website, make a donation, complete a survey, register for an online discussion, enter a contest or provide your e-mail address; and b) Non-personally identifiable information, for example IP Addresses and cookies, which includes tracking information collected as you navigate through our site. Uses of this information are discussed below.We will not collect personally identifiable information from you, other than what you supply to us on a voluntary basis.In order to participate in some activities, you might be asked to provide some personally identifiable information. This could be in connection with the following:• contest or sweepstakes registration• subscription registration for sites or services which require subscription (such as e-mail newsletters)• requests for membership information or making a donation• content submissions, community postings (i.e., forums or discussion boards), comments and suggestions, or some votingMPT may use your personally identifiable information for activities explained above, for internal fundraising and marketing promotional purposes, or mailing lists made available to other like-minded carefully screened nonprofit companies (this is the only case where such information is provided to unaffiliated third parties, at your approval).We will always explain the extent of its use at the time you are asked to provide personal information. If you do not want this information to be collected or used by us for these purposes, you can simply "opt out." Under certain circumstances, opting out may prevent your participation in activities for which personal information is needed. Information relating to opting out is provided below.In addition to personally identifiable information that you provide to us, we may also collect and store certain non-personally identifiable information automatically when using MPT websites, such as through the use of third parties, including Google Analytics and Facebook, for website visitation statistics. This information helps us improve the experience you and other visitors have with MPT websites. For example, we may collect your IP address, browser information and reference site domain, as well as related information such as the date on which you visit MPT websites. This information does not identify you personally and is only used in the aggregate. As is common practice among web sites, third parties, including Google Analytics and Facebook, use "cookies" and similar technologies. Cookies are text files which store your preferences. No personal information is ever stored in an MPT cookie, even if you have entered your name or email address on other parts of MPT websites. You can generally prevent cookies from being used by changing the settings in your web browser, but please be aware that by doing so you may be unable to fully utilize MPT websites. Third parties, including Google Analytics and Facebook, may also use cookies, web beacons, and other storage technologies to collect or receive information from MPT websites or elsewhere on the internet and use that information to provide measurement services and targeted ads that may be relevant to you and your interests. You may opt out of the collection and use of this information for ad targeting as described in the opt out section below.Neither MPT, nor our third-party vendors acting on our behalf to help deliver the services and operate the Site, will willfully disclose any personally identifiable information about our online users to any non-affiliated third party without first receiving the user's permission, unless required by law.In terms of our own use of information, we may use your personally identifiable information for the activities described above, for the activities described when you submitted the information, or for internal fundraising and marketing promotional purposes as further described in this policy.We will typically explain the extent of use at the time you are asked to provide personal information. If you do not want this information to be collected or used by us for these purposes, you can simply “opt out,” as described below. Under certain circumstances, opting out may prevent your participation in activities for which personal information is needed, as in contests.In certain cases, we contract with other companies to provide services on our behalf. These service providers maintain customer databases with e-mail addresses of Site visitors who have provided them to us by registering at our site, signing up for a newsletter or email, e-mailing us questions about the service, donors who submit online contributions, or online buyers who make a purchase. We (which includes our service providers) will use these addresses to respond to the general purposes for which we collected the information, to provide services and to operate the Site, including to respond to inquiries; to process credit card payments, billing, and shipping; to process e-mail distribution; for list processing and analysis; for promotions and fundraising management; to send information about MPT’s programs, services, or your local public broadcasting station’s membership/fundraising; or to correspond about a purchase or product offers. Our service providers have access to your personally identifiable information as necessary to provide certain services on our behalf. They are required to maintain the privacy of all such information in their possession or control and can only use the information on our behalf for the purpose that we have contracted them, for example sending you a newsletter. They are not authorized to use your information for any other purpose.Similarly, personally identifiable information provided in connection with a donation will be shared with third parties who perform services to process the donation.Acceptance of MPT Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions/Opt OutBy using MPT websites, you signify your agreement to the terms and conditions of this MPT Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use MPT websites. We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for any changes. Your continued use of MPT websites following the posting of any changes to these terms shall mean that you have accepted those changes. If you have any questions or concerns or to opt out of future communications or sharing of your personal information, please call MPT Member Services at 1-800-522-8915, or write to MPT at 11767 Owings Mills Blvd., Owings Mills, MD 21117 Attn: Member Services.
Providing Support for MPT
Learn More