https://www.toneking.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy.Effective date: 01/10/19Tone King (“we”, “us” or “our”) values the privacy of visitors to our website and individuals whose personal information we receive through the use of form submissions and other related services. This privacy policy explains how we collect personal information on our website, and how we use and disclose that personal information. This privacy policy also describes our collection and use of personal information on behalf of our customers (“clients”).By providing your personal information to our website, you consent to the information handling practices described in this privacy policy. We encourage you to read the section titled “Your Choices” below to understand the choices you have with regard to your personal information.This Privacy Policy also applies to personal information that we collect by other means, which we combine with personal information collected on our Tone King website or through the operation and delivery of our services.1. Websites CoveredThis privacy policy covers the information practices of toneking.com. Tone King’s website may contain links to websites operated by third parties. Tone King is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other websites. We encourage you to learn about such third parties’ privacy and security policies before providing them with personal information.2. Information We CollectWe collect the following data about users: (1) information that you voluntarily submit to us (“User-Supplied Information”); (2) technical data automatically collected from all visitors to the Tone King website (described below under “Passive Data Collection”); (3) information we collect through our services; and (4) information we collect from third party sources.User-Supplied Information. We may collect user-supplied information when you choose to provide us with your personal information via the Tone King website, including when you send us an email asking a question, register to attend an event, submit a form to receive marketing materials or email newsletters, or request any research or whitepapers.Passive Data Collection. Like most websites, we automatically receive and record information in on our server logs from your browser when you use the Tone King website. We may use a variety of methods, including clear GIFs or Pixels (also known as “web beacons”) and “cookies”, to collect this information. We use both session and persistent cookies. The information that we may collect with these automated methods may include, for example, your IP address, cookie information, a unique device or user ID, browser type, system type, the content and pages that you access on the Tone King website, the frequency and duration of your visits to the Tone King website, and the “referring URL” (i.e., the page from which you navigated to the Tone King website). We may also use cookies on the Tone King website to store session validators on your hard drive. If we directly combine any information gathered through passive means with personal information, we treat the combined information as personal information under this Privacy Policy. Otherwise, we use information collected by passive means in aggregated forms.For additional information about the technologies that we use and how they operate, please see our Cookie Policy.3. Use of Collected InformationWe use personal information to establish and enhance our relationship with you. We may use personal information to operate, provide, improve, and maintain the Tone King website; to prevent abusive and fraudulent use of the Tone King website; to personalise and display content on the Tone King website; where permitted by applicable law, to send you information, including via email, about our products and services in which we believe you may be interested; to respond to your inquiries and for other customer service purposes; and for other administrative and internal business purposes.We may use your e-mail address, including any email address provided at toneking.com as set forth in the “Communications and Unsolicited Marketing Communications” section.On the Tone King website, we may use passively collected data to: (a) remember your information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Tone King website; and (b) monitor aggregate website usage metrics such as total number of visitors and pages viewed.4. Disclosure of Collected InformationWe do not sell or rent email addresses and other personal information that we collect directly through the Tone King website. Please be aware, however, that any information that you voluntarily choose to display on any publicly available portion of the Tone King websites, or on any service, becomes publicly available and may be collected and used by us or others without restriction. We share your information, including personal information, as follows:Tone King Service ProvidersWe may provide personal information to third parties for their use in performing internal business functions (e.g., maintenance, security, data analysis, email transmission, CRM, database management services, email marketing, surveys, or data hosting) on our behalf. We require such third parties to agree to only use your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and for no other purpose than to provide us with necessary services.Legal RequirementsWe may disclose personal information if we have a good-faith belief that doing so is required by a subpoena or other judicial or administrative order or otherwise required by law. Additionally, we may disclose personal information where we, in good faith, deem it appropriate or necessary to prevent violation of the Tone King Terms of Service, or our other agreements; take precautions against liability; protect the rights, property, or safety of Tone King, any individual, or the general public; maintain and protect the security and integrity of our services or infrastructure; protect ourselves and our services from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful uses; investigate and defend ourselves against third-party claims or allegations; or assist government enforcement agencies.Aggregate Information and Non-Identifying InformationWe may share aggregated information with clients, prospective clients, partners or the press in order to demonstrate usage of the service, identify industry and advertising trends, and to generate publicity for the Tone King services.5. Your ChoicesOn the Tone King WebsiteYou may, as a visitor to our website, choose not to provide us with personal information. You may also, at any time, access your personal information to update, correct, or delete certain personal information about you by contacting us at toneking@boutiqueampsdistribution.com or at the address set forth below in the “Contact Us” section. You also have the right to obtain from Tone King the erasure of personal data about you in accordance with applicable data privacy laws. You may exercise your rights with the following requests:Exercise Your RightsThe GDPR provides the following rights for individuals:The right to be informedThe right of accessThe right to rectificationThe right to erasureThe right to restrict processingThe right to data portabilityThe right to objectRights in relation to automated decision making and profiling.To exercise these rights, please contact us at toneking@boutiqueampsdistribution.com.In addition you may decide not to opt–in, either when you first provide Tone King with any personal information, to receive marketing information from Tone King about products and services (including our products and services and those of third parties). See also Section 6, “Communications and Unsolicited Marketing Communications”, for additional information regarding changing your preferences or opting out of receiving marketing information.Please be aware that even if you update or remove personal information that you have provided to us, your personal information may be retained in our backup files and archives for a reasonable period of time for legal purposes.6. Communications and Unsolicited Marketing CommunicationsIf you opted in to receive communications from us, including through toneking@boutiqueampsdistribution.com, we may send you administrative messages and updates regarding your account, updates regarding the Tone King website, and, where permitted by applicable law, information regarding our offer, products and services, including, without, limitation, through social media updates, by email and postal mail. If you no longer want to receive commercial email messages, you may indicate your preferences regarding commercial email messages by taking the steps described in such messages. Also, you may indicate your preferences regarding commercial email messages and postal mail messages by contacting us using the information in the “Contact Us” section below.7. International UsersThe Tone King websites are hosted in the United Kingdom, and we may use service providers in the United Kingdom and elsewhere to process personal information on our behalf. If you use the Tone King website outside the United Kingdom, please note that your personal data may be transferred outside of your home jurisdiction to the United Kingdom and to other jurisdictions where our affiliates and service providers are located. Some of these jurisdictions may not have equivalent data protection laws as the United Kingdom. By using our Websites, you are agreeing that your personal data may be transferred to the United Kingdom and other jurisdictions, as explained in this section.8. SecurityThe security of your information is important to us, including, but not limited to, the personal information collected via the Tone King website and services. We use reasonable security measures to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of personal information under our control, both during the transmission and once we receive it. This includes, but is not limited to, the use of firewalls and encryption. Although we make good faith efforts to maintain the security of such personal information, no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure and we cannot guarantee that it will remain free from unauthorised access, use, disclosure, or alteration. Further, while we work hard to ensure the integrity and security of our network and systems, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent “hackers” or other unauthorised persons from illegally accessing or obtaining this information.If we learn of a security breach involving your personal information, we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. By using the Tone King website or providing personal information to us, you agree that we can communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of the Tone King website. If a security systems breach occurs, we may post a notice on our homepage (toneking.com) or elsewhere on the Tone King website and may send an email to you at the email address you have provided to us. Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach, involving your personal information, in writing.9. ChildrenTone King’s website is not directed toward individuals under the age of thirteen (13), and we request that such individuals do not provide personally identifying information through our websites. Additionally, we do not knowingly collect or maintain personal information from anyone under the age of 13, unless or except as permitted by law. If we learn that personal information has been collected from a user under 13 years of age on or through the Tone King website, then we will take the appropriate steps to cause this information to be deleted.10. AnalyticsIn addition, we use Google Analytics to analyse our users’ use of the Tone King website. Google Analytics is currently on toneking.com. Google Analytics provides us with aggregated data in order to help us make informed business decisions. Ultimately, Google, as a third party, controls information collected through Google Analytics and you should check and be comfortable with its privacy practices prior to using the Tone King website. You may review information about Google’s privacy practices with respect to Google Analytics at http://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html.11. Third-Party Ad NetworksWe may use third parties such as network advertisers to assist us in displaying advertisements on third party websites, and to evaluate the success of our advertising campaigns. Network advertisers are third parties that display advertisements based on your visits to our Website as well as other websites. This enables us, and these third parties, to target advertisements by displaying ads for products and services in which you might be interested. Third party ad network providers, advertisers, sponsors and/or traffic measurement services may use cookies, JavaScript, web beacons (including clear GIFs), Flash LSOs and other technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalise advertising content to you. These third party cookies and other technologies are governed by each third party’s specific privacy policy, not this one. We may provide these third-party advertisers with information about your usage of our Websites, as well as aggregate information about visitors to our Website.You may opt-out of many third-party ad networks, including those operated by members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) and the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”). For more information regarding this practice by NAI members and DAA members, and your choices regarding having this information used by these companies, including how to opt-out of third-party ad networks operated by NAI and DAA members, please visit their respective websites: www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp (NAI) and www.aboutads.info/choices (DAA).Opting out of one or more NAI member or DAA member networks (many of which will be the same) only means that those members no longer will deliver targeted content or ads to you. It does not mean you will no longer receive any targeted content or ads on our Site or other websites. You may continue to receive advertisements, for example, based on the particular website that you are viewing. Also, if your browsers are configured to reject cookies when you visit this opt-out page, or you subsequently erase your cookies, use a different computer or change web browsers, your NAI or DAA opt-out may no longer be effective. Additional information is available on NAI’s and DAA’s websites accessible by the above links.12. Updates to This Privacy PolicyWe may occasionally update this privacy policy. If we do, we will change the “effective date” at the top of the privacy policy. Before making any update that would make this privacy policy materially less restrictive in our use or disclosure of personal information collected prior to the update, we will provide prior notice of the update by posting notice on our website at the top or bottom of the then-current privacy policy. We encourage you to periodically review this privacy policy to stay informed about our collection, use, and disclosure of personal information. Your continued use of our websites constitutes your agreement to our then-current privacy policy.13. Contact UsIf you have questions about this privacy policy, you may contact us at toneking@boutiqueampsdistribution.com. You may also write to us at:TONE KING, 3383 GAGE AVE. HUNTINGTON PARK, CA, 90255