https://www.nychoral.org/contact/privacy-policy/
New York Choral Society
David Hayes, Music DirectorNew York Choral SocietyHear us now.
About Us
Concerts & Events
Support Us
Volunteer
Contact Us
Connect with us on
Privacy Policy
This privacy statement covers the use of personal information, cookies, and log files by www.nychoral.org, NYCHORAL's (New York Choral Society's) website only and does not cover the use of personal information, cookies and log files by Yahoo, our hosting and shopping cart provider.
NYCHORAL collects personally-identifying information (such as your name, e-mail address, address, and telephone number) from the NYCHORAL website only if you choose to provide that information to us.
Use of Information
The use of personally-identifying information is limited to the following: responding to user e-mails and sending communications, including marketing and promotional communications, from NYCHORAL to users who have 'opted in' to the receipt of such communications and other purposes specified at the time the information is gathered. NYCHORAL will occasionally exchange or rent our mailing list to other arts organizations. If you do not wish to have your name disclosed to these outside organizations, please see the section on Opting Out below.
NYCHORAL reserves the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our website.
Log Files
Like all other web servers, the NYCHORAL web server automatically creates log files for each visitor who accesses our site. These "access logs" allow us to make our site more useful to our visitors. These logs may contain some or all of the following information:
The Internet Protocol Address (IP Address) of the COMPUTER which accessed our website
The date of the visit
The time of the visit
The path taken through our website
The browser being used
A list of files downloaded or viewed
Any errors encountered
We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users' movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.
We do not link this automatically-collected data to personally identifiable information.
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user's computer for record-keeping purposes. We use session ID cookies, which makes it easier for you to navigate our site. A session ID cookie expires when you close you browser. We do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site.
Opting Out; Corrections to Personal Data
Please contact us to correct or update any personal information on the NYCHORAL mailing list that you state is erroneous, or to opt-out of future communications from us. The user understands that it may be impossible to delete personal information entirely because of backups and records of deletions.
Acceptance of Privacy Policy Terms
NYCHORAL reserves the right to change this policy. Any changes to this policy will be posted to this page as soon as reasonably possible, so please check this page periodically. Use of the NYCHORAL website constitutes consent to any policy then in effect.
If you have any questions or comments concerning our privacy policy, please contact us through our online form or send a letter to:
NYCHORAL (New York Choral Society)
119 W. 57th Street
Suite 1215
New York, NY 10019
Links to Other Sites
It is important to note that the NYCHORAL website contains links to other sites that may not follow the same privacy policies as ours.
For instance, purchasing tickets will take you to the Yahoo shopping cart, which is hosted on a different part of the Yahoo system. That site may use cookies, collect personal information, and use the data in ways that NYCHORAL would not. NYCHORAL is not responsible for the privacy practices or any information or materials on the Yahoo e-commerce site. Please visit their site if you wish to review their privacy policies.
About Us
Past Concerts
Tour Information
Music Staff
Board & Staff
Board of Trustees
Patrick Owens, Executive Director
Our History
Concerts & Events
Membership
Auditions
Alumni Association
MEMBER WEBSITE
Press
Support Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Hire the Chorus
Sponsorship Opportunities
NYCHORAL CHAMBER ENSEMBLE
Volunteer
NYCHORAL Invites You To Listen
NYCHORAL - Summer At Your Place
Our Voices
Peace unto Zion
A Carol For All Children
December 1st is GivingTuesday!
Share This Page
NYCHORAL’s programs are made possible in part with public funds from Creative Engagement / Creative Learning, supported by New York State Council on the Arts with the support of Governor Andrew Cuomo and the New York State Legislature and administered by Lower Manhattan Cultural Council.
© Copyright 2020
New York Choral Society
119 West 57th Street, Suite 1215
New York, NY 10019
212.247.3878
info@nychoral.org