http://www.animalcruelty.com/index.php/privacy-policy
Last Chance for Animals - Privacy Policy & Opt-Out
Home
Investigations
Investigations - In the Field
Millbank Fur Farm
ITR Research Lab
Marineland Mammals Investigation
Marineland Land Animals
Christensen Farms Cruelty
New York City Carriage Horses
Rabbit Slaughterhouse Investigation
Class B Dealer Investigations
CC Baird
Henry Lee Cooper
Barbara Ruggiero
Ervin Stebane
David Stephens
Puppy Mill Investigations
Costa Rica Puppy Mill
Florida Internet Puppy Mill
Hawaii Puppy Mill
Lake Elsinore Puppy Mill
World Kennels Puppy Mill
Prior Investigations
LCA & The Cove
LA Fashion District Animal Sales
Cancun Tigers
Cockfighting
Horses-BLM
Rendering
Luka Magnotta Animal Abuser
Florida Backyard Slaughter
Investigation Links
Campaigns
Stop Dog Meat
Animals in Entertainment
Dog Fighting
Bullfighting
Cockfighting
Zoos
Circuses
Greyhound Racing
Horse Racing
Fishing
Hunting
Rodeos
Marine Parks
NYC Horse Carriages
Ag Gag Laws: States of Disgrace
What Is Ag Gag
States of Disgrace
Media
What You Can Do
Ban Puppy Mills
Puppy Mill Facts
Puppy Mill Awareness Day
Adopt, Don't Shop
Cesar Millan - The Dog Whisperer
Anti-puppy Mill Legislation
What You Can Do
Elephant Sanctuaries - Not Captivity!
Expert Quotes
Zoos
Circuses
What You Can Do
Wild vs Captive
About Sanctuaries
LA Zoo
Myths vs Facts
In Memoriam
Fur
Fur Trade Facts
China's Cat & Dog Fur Trade
Fur Free Friday
History of Fur Free Friday
Fur Free WeHo
What You Can Do
Foie Gras - An Appetite for Cruelty!
About Foie Gras
California's Foie Gras Ban
Vivisection, Class B Dealers & Pet Theft
What are B Dealers?
Pound Seizure
Vivisection / Animals in Research
Dealing Dogs – Class B Dealer CC Baird Investigation
CC Baird
The Investigation
Pete's Field Notes
The Sentencing
Dogs of Martin Creek
Martin Creek Then & Now
Purchase Dealing Dogs
LCA’s Lucky 11
Pet Theft & Pet Theft Awareness Day
The Pet Safety & Protection Act
What You Can Do
Lab Animal Transport
Air France's Monkey Business
CNN: Stop Promoting Animal Torture
Ban Live Export
About Live Animal Export
Media & Photos
Rupert Murdoch & LCA's Published Editorial Opinions
What You Can Do
Save the Koalas
Other Issues
Justice for Karley
Animal Cruelty = Human Cruelty
Teen Animal Abuser Convicted
Luka Magnotta Animal Abuser
Animal Rescues
Japan Rescue
Haiti Rescue
Hurricane Katrina Rescue
Tips on Keeping Your Animals Safe in a Disaster
Horses - Premarin
Veganism
Factory Farming
Dissection
Pet Overpopulation
Animal News Van
Animal Enterprise Terrorism Act
Justice for Davey
Have a Cruelty Free Holiday
Canadian Seal Hunt
Gadhimai
Stop the Ray Killing Contests
The Cormorant Slaughter
LCA Saving Mountain Gorillas
Equipment Provided by LCA
Virunga National Park
FBI Tracks Animal Cruelty
Live Animal Markets
Donate
Make a Donation
Monthly Donations
Planned Giving
Donate Your Vehicle
Matching Gifts
Other Ways to Give
About LCA
Founder's Story
Mission Statement
LCA 1980's - Present
Fighting Chance Newsletters
LCA TV
Press Releases
Contact
Get Involved
In Your Face
Volunteer/Intern
Tickets/Merchandise
Events
Links & Resources
Kids & Teens
You Can Help Animals
Don't Be Cruel Campaign
Taking Care of Your Pet
Reporting Animal Cruelty
Starting an Animal Rights Club
Doing a Report on Animal Cruelty?
Dissection
United Seniors for Animals
Eat for Your Health
How to Become an Effective Advocate for Animals
Tips for Effective Communication
Star Seniors
Action Alerts
PSA & Print Ads by Christopher Ameruoso
Animal Advocates
Jonathan Paul
Philip Wollen
Pat Derby
Blog
Print
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting LCAnimal.org. We are committed to your right to privacy and to keeping your personal information private. You can visit the Last Chance for Animals (LCA) web site without telling us who you are or revealing any identifying information about yourself. To better protect your privacy, we have developed this Privacy Policy to inform you of our policies and practices regarding information we collect about you.
This Privacy Policy governs the URL http://www.LCAnimal.org and certain communications sent out electronically by LCA. This web site is operated and owned by Last Chance for Animals for visitors interested in the protection and rights of animals and for the benefit of our members. LCA reserves the right to modify or amend this Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason.
The Information We Collect
LCA collects and maintains certain personal information about you when you send us an e-mail or complete any of our online forms, such as when you request information from us, make a donation, sign up for action alerts or forward a web page. The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected at these pages include: name, mailing address, e-mail address, telephone number, date of birth and fax number. It may also include the e-mail addresses of those to whom you forward LCA electronic content, and any other information collected in the forms. Note: You may be asked to provide credit card information to become a member of LCA, contribute to LCA or purchase certain information or materials from LCA. Credit card information will never be disclosed to any third parties.
LCA also may collect certain non-personally identifiable information when you visit many of our web pages. This information includes your IP address, type of browser you are, the type of operating system you are using, and the domain name of your Internet service.
How We Use the Information
LCA may use the information you voluntarily provide about yourself to contact you regarding animal-related issues you may be interested in, to keep you updated regarding LCA’s investigations and campaigns, and to extend an invitation to you to support our programs. We may also send such information to the people whose e-mail addresses you provide when forwarding LCA electronic content. When we do so, our sole intent is to enlarge the number of supporters LCA can contact in the effort to make real changes for animals.
We sometimes use the non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the design and content of our site and to enable us to personalize your Internet experience. We also use this information in the aggregate to analyze site usage (Hits). This helps LCA to provide a more useful and interesting online experience and helps us improve the quality of the content on our web pages.
On occasion, we may make the voluntary information provided by you; (excluding credit card information) available to LCA’s affiliate organizations or tosponsors that provide special services or products that we think might be of interest to you. LCA uses high standards of care in determining which companies we are affiliated with and ensure that such organizations are committed to the privacy protection and goals of LCA.
If your volunteered personal information will be used other than the manners stated above, this information will be specifically posted.
We will disclose information we maintain when required to do so by law, for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena. We also may disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency's request.
Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information, we cannot assure you that personally identifiable information that we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Notice. Inadvertent disclosures may result, for example, when third parties misrepresent their identities in asking the site for access to personally identifiable information about themselves for purposes of correcting possible factual errors in the data.
Removing your personal information
If you wish to update or remove your personal information, or if you do not wish your information be shared with affiliated third parties, please send an email to This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Every recipient of our electronic communications can quickly and easily “opt out” of electronic communications by following the instructions on any electronic communication we send.
Our Commitment to Security
LCA has put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the information we collect online.
Contacting Us
Please contact LCA about correcting information collected about you or with any questions regarding this Privacy Policy. Write to us at Last Chance for Animals, 8033 Sunset blvd, #835, Los Angeles, CA 90046 or e-mail us at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Follow Us
Subscribe to LCA's Email Alerts
*Indicates required
Email Address *
First Name *
Last Name *
Country *
Post Code *
In six years, one female dog can be the source of 67,000 puppies, while in seven years one female cat and her young can produce 420,000 kittens.
TO ENACT HUMANE LAWS WE NEEDTO ELECT HUMANE LAWMAKERS
Donate
Make a Donation
Planned Giving
Monthly Donations
Donate Your Vehicle
Matching Gifts
Other Ways to Give
About LCA
Founder's Story
Mission Statement
LCA 1980's - Present
Fighting Chance Newsletters
Videos
Contact
Board of Directors/Financials/Form 990
Get Involved
Volunteer/Intern
Merchandise
Events
Links & Resources
Kids & Teens
United Seniors for Animals
Action Alerts
Print & PSA Ads
Careers
LCA is a non-profit 501(c)(3) organization, incorporated in the State of California in 1985, EIN #95-4013155.
Search
Privacy Policy & Opt-Out | Policies | Contact Us | Legal Info |