http://www.bavc.org/about/sunshine-compliance-policy
Skip to main content
Menu
Sunshine Compliance Policy
BAVC Sunshine Compliance Policy
Bay Area Video Coalition (“BAVC”) is a community based nonprofit organization with several City of San Francisco contracts. Pursuant to the terms of these grants and the provisions of San Francisco Administrative Code Section 12L.4 and 12L.5, BAVC makes certain information available to the public and invites the public to attend and participate in public meetings of the BAVC Board of Directors.
This Sunshine Compliance Policy sets forth the categories of information BAVC makes available to the public and how members of the public may request that information. The policy also explains public meetings of the BAVC Board of Directors, as well as how members of the public may access and participate in those public meetings.
BAVC Board Public Meetings
The BAVC Board of Directors holds periodic and scheduled meetings in connection with its responsibility to oversee all BAVC operations. The BAVC Board conducts meetings in person, over the telephone and online. Twice a year, the BAVC Board invites the public to attend and participate in meetings. These BAVC Board meetings are designated as "Public Meetings." For Public Meetings held in person, members of the public are invited to attend in person at the announced meeting location. For Public Meetings held via telephone or online, members of the public may access the meeting in real time by dialing into the designated conference call service or accessing the online meeting service provider.
Notice of Public Meeting: BAVC provides advance notice of the date, time, manner and location for each Public Meeting to the Clerk of the Board of Supervisors and the San Francisco Main Library Government Information Center. The date of BAVC's next Public Board meeting is March 25, 2019 from 5:30 - 7:00 PM. Public comment is available on a first-come first-serve basis after sign-up the night of the board meeting.
Opportunity for Public Comments. All Public Meetings allocate at least (30) thirty minutes for public comment. The BAVC Board has complete discretion to manage the time allocated for public comment (including any decision to schedule speakers by topic or extend the time available for public comments). Members of the public are usually invited to address the BAVC Board in the order in which they sign up to do so. Generally, persons who submit valid Requests to Comment in advance of a Public Meeting are invited to speak first, followed by persons who sign up to speak at or immediately prior to the meeting.
Request to Comment. To assist the BAVC Board in preparing for each meeting and to provide opportunity for the greatest number of persons to speak, BAVC strongly encourages prospective speakers to RSVP with a Request to Comment in advance of the Public Meeting they wish to attend. Generally, San Francisco residents who submitted a proper Request to Comment will be invited to address the BAVC Board before other members of the public in attendance that did not submit a Request to Comment. To be considered, Requests to Comment must (i) be received  before the Public Meeting, (ii) include a brief statement of the subject matter the speaker wishes to address, and (iii) comply with the Sunshine Correspondence Guidelines below.
No Recording. No Recording. The BAVC Board does not allow the public to record any of its meetings, and the recording or rebroadcasting of a Public Meeting is strictly prohibited.The BAVC Board of Directors is always seeking interested candidates and suggests that interested members of the community contact info@bavc.org with a bio and letter of interest.
Sunshine Ordinance Documents
In the interest of transparency and compliance with San Francisco Administrative Code 12L (the “Sunshine Ordinance”), the documents below are provided for inspection by any member of the public.  The documents may also be reviewed in person free of charge during our regular program hours.  Photocopies will be made for you on request, and must be pre-paid at the expense of the requester at a cost of $0.10 per page.  With your pre-payment to cover postage and photocopies, a full set of documents can be copied and mailed to you via regular U.S. mail.  Contact us at 415-558-2123 and we will estimate postage and costs based on current weight of the packet.
San Francisco Administrative Code 12L lists the documents that BAVC is required to make available as a nonprofit grantee of the City:
Our most recent budget (2018);
Our most recently filed 199;
Our most recently filed 990;
Our most recent (2017) financial audit
In addition, in 2018 BAVC has submitted RFPs and received funding from the following City Agencies:
The Office of Economic and Workforce Development (OEWD)
The San Francisco Public Utilities Commission
The Department of Technology
The Department of Children, Youth & Their Families
The SF Film Commission
If you would like to request documents or ask any questions related to BAVC's support from these agencies or the RFP process, please contact the appropriate agency using the links provided above.
Sunshine Correspondence Guidelines
Please follow these directions when communicating with BAVC about this Sunshine Compliance Policy.
Communications must include the name and street address for the person submitting the communication.
BAVC accepts correspondence and requests related to this Sunshine Policy via email and US Mail. For email, please contact commons@bavc.org. This e-mail address is being protected from spam bots, you need JavaScript enabled to view it. For mail, please send your request to SF Commons, 2727 Mariposa, 2nd Floor, San Francisco, CA 94110.
You may send correspondence by fax, but only if you use a legal, registered fax delivery device to do so. Faxes sent by unregistered device and faxes that fail to adequately identify the sender may be discarded.