http://www.alanthornhill.co.uk/privacycookies
Alan Thornhill | e-privacy directive cookies | Alan Thornhill
Home
Putney Sculpture Trail
Early Work
Ceramics
Reliefs
Life Studies
Sculptures
Large Sculptures
Medium Works
Smaller Works
Portraiture
Portraiture
Imaginary Heads
2-Dimensional
Paintings: Abstract
Paintings: Landscape
Drawings: Portraits
Drawings: Landscapes
Drawings: Imaginative
DVD
Background
Artist’s Statement
Themes
Autobiography
Writings
Critical Comment
Where The Work Can Be Seen
Claire Carswell’s Article
Contact
Exhibitions
Sculptures, Drawings & Paintings
Public Collections
Navigation
Home »
Alan Thornhill | e-privacy directive cookies
e-Privacy/Cookies
Alan Thornhill respects the privacy rights of all visitors to this site. By using this website, you signify that you consent to our online Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this, please do not provide any information that will identify you personally to us, or do not use this website.
Please note that if you set your browser to reject all cookies from Alan Thornhill, you may not be able to use some areas of this website.
Collection of information by Alan Thornhill
Alan Thornhill does not require that visitors reveal any personally identifying information in order to access this website. Although information may occasionally be required, we ask you to provide this on a purely voluntary basis only. Such information will not be divulged to third parties unless you choose.
Alan Thornhill cannot be held responsible for any content appearing on sites linked to or from Alan Thornhill, or for any personal information gathered at such sites.
Alan Thornhill reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. This page was last updated on 16th January 2013.
Cookie Legislation UK
Use of ‘cookies’ by Alan Thornhill
All web servers track basic information about visitors to their site, and the majority of websites and web applications need ‘cookies’ to function.
A cookie is a little text file composed of alphanumeric characters, created when your browser accesses a website that uses cookies. The resulting data is stored on your computer’s hard drive.
Cookie information includes, but is not limited to, IP addresses, browser details, timestamps and referring pages. The information gleaned cannot personally identify specific visitors to a site, and uses tracking for routine administration and maintenance purposes.
Cookies help your browser to navigate a website; also enable you to use all a site’s features like logins, preferences, online shopping, language settings and themes, amongst other common features. Cookies are solely used to help your browser process a website, and don’t collect information from your computer, or snoop on your files.
Where necessary, Alan Thornhill uses cookies to store information about visitor preferences and history in order to better serve them and/or present the visitor with customised content.
You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of cookies. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you visit our site.
Cookies set by Alan Thornhill or third party websites
YouTube cookies
There may be YouTube videos embedded in our website using YouTube’s privacy-enhanced mode. This may set cookies on your computer once you click on the YouTube video player. For more information please visit YouTube’s information page.
Vimeo Cookies
There may be Vimeo cookies embedded in our website. This may set cookies on your computer once you click the Vimeo video player. For more information on this please visit Vimeo’s cookie information page.
Controlling your ePrivacy
If you have concerns about privacy you can disable cookies by changing your web browser settings. However, disabling cookies for all websites is not recommended because it may interfere with your use of some sites. The best option is to disable or enable cookies on a per-site basis, and you should consult your browser’s ‘Help’ section for instructions on how to block cookies and other tracking mechanisms.
Google Analytics
Alan Thornhill uses Google Analytics for visitor statistical purposes, which requires cookies to function properly. Google Analytics is probably the most popular free website analytics package, and is used in around 57% of the 10,000 most popular websites, including the New York Times, Washington Post and Twitter. As above, the data Google Analytics collects about you is anonymous and cannot identify you, or snoop on personal information or files.
Any tracking done by Google through cookies etc. is subject to Google’s own privacy policies.
You can find out more information about cookies at www.allaboutcookies.org.
Linking to another site from the Alan Thornhill website
Our website may contain links to 3rd party websites. Alan Thornhill is not responsible for the privacy practices within any of these other sites. You should be aware of this when you leave our website and we encourage you to read the privacy statements on other websites you visit.
Copyright © Alan Thornhill 2020
|
Privacy & Cookies
|
Contact
|Created by
M35 Web Design, Poole, Dorset
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkRead more