http://www.familychristian.com/privacy-policy
Spirit+ChurchBody+HomeHeart+MindTwitterPinterestInstagramFacebookEntertainmentClothesGiftKidsHomeBookCartCommunityShareLikeLikeIcon_FilledSearchFilterUserArrowCheckMoreReadEmailAsset 4MIND & HEARTHEALTH & HOMEFAITH & CHURCHFC EXCLUSIVESSHOPSHOPOUR CONTRIBUTORSDEVOTIONALSNEWSLETTERSABOUT USCONTACT USFollow UsGet Family Christian in your Inbox!Sign-up for one of our newsletters and get more great stories and products sent directly to you each week!Error MessageError MessageFILTERFILTERSelect Category All Categories
Faith & Church
Health & Home
Mind & Heart Select Authors All Authors
Abigail Kelly
Abiola Babarinde
Alex Kondratev
Alexis Busetti
Alyssa Gossom
Alyssa Joy Bethke
Amber Lia
Angela Ray Rodgers
Ann Mainse
Arlene Pellicane
Ashley Turner
Beth Guckenberger
Beth Jones
Beth McCord | Your Enneagram Coach
Bethany Hamilton
Brenda Emmons
brightpeak financial
Carmen Miller
Caroline Saunders
Casey Pruet
Chelsea Crockett Hurst
Compassion International
Cynthia McClure
Danielle Strickland
Della Moya
Derrick Hawkins
Diana Kerr
Donna Schumell
Dot Bowen
Elisa Morgan
Ellen Coleman
Emily Lauren Townsend
Erin Davis
Erin Wang
Erin Weidemann
Family Christian
Gary and Barb Rosberg
Gina Duke
GirlDefined
Gloria Umanah
Grace Alliance
Grace Richmond
Hannah Brencher
Heidi Metcalf Little
Jacob Sahms
Janae Sinclair
Jay Stewart
Jodi Hasbrouck
Judi Adams
Julie Ann Rose
June Hunt
Karen Stubbs
Kathie Lee Gifford
Katie Kenny Phillips
Katie Mallett
Kelly Levatino
Ken & Beverly Jenkins
Kirstin Leigh
Kristi Blackburn
Laura Woodworth
Leigh-Anna Rubio | For Girls Like You Ministries
Lenae Bulthuis
Leslie Eaton
Lindsey Wagstaffe
Lisa Bevere
Liz Curtis Higgs
Lori Apon
Mama Z
Mary Hunt
Mo Isom
Monica Swanson
Monica Zuniga
Nancy DeMoss Wolgemuth
Natalie Franks
Nicola Meyer
Pam Pugh
Patricia Holbrook
Paula Hendricks
Peyton Garland
Rachel Denison
Renee Lockey
Revive Our Hearts
Ryn Tomlinson
Sarah Baker
Sarah Callen
Sarah Grace Spann
Sarah Martin
Sharon Epps
Shaunti Feldhahn
Shirley Brosius
Stasi Eldredge
Stephanie May Wilson
Susan Marks
Suzy Sammons
Sydney Daigre
Taylor Kiser
The Homeschool Compass
Val Woerner
Virginia Wear
Well-Watered Women
Whole Magazine
Wynter Pitts Select Media Type All Media
Text
Audio
Video FC ExclusivesSelect TopicsDevotionsDiscipleshipPrayerServingSpiritual GrowthStudyCreateDécorEntertainmentFinancesFitnessHospitalityMental HealthNutritionOrganizationSeasonalWellnessCallingCareerLeadershipLife's ChallengesMarriageParentingRelationshipsClear All  Results for...Mind & HeartHealth & HomeFaith & ChurchShopDevotionalsGiving MembershipSubscribeGiving Company Privacy Policy
Effective 3/20/2019
This Privacy Policy explains our policy regarding the collection, use, disclosure, and transfer of your information by Giving Company and its family of related companies, which include Giving Company, iDisciple, Christian Cinema, Dove Movies, and Family Christian.  We will refer to these companies together as Giving Company or Family of Companies. Any references in this policy to “Service” and “Website” means all websites and services of the Family of Companies. As we update and expand our services, this policy may change, so please refer back to it periodically. By accessing our website or otherwise using our services, you consent to our information practices.
Collection and Use of Information
We receive and store information, including personal information, about you and your use of our Services. This information is gathered in a number of ways, including when you enter it on our Website and from interactions with our Service. Personal information is information that can be used to uniquely identify or contact you. Non-personal information is information that does not permit direct association with you. We may collect, use, transfer and disclose non-personal information for any purpose. You can choose not to provide personal information we may request of you, but, in general, most of the personal information we request is required in order to provide our service and the lack of such personal information will prevent us from doing so.
When you interact with us, we may ask you to supply us with personal information so that we can provide, enhance and personalize our services and marketing efforts. For similar reasons, we may supplement the personal information you provide with publicly available information about you as well as information from other sources, as permitted by law. We use this personal information, for example, to process your registration, your orders and your payments, and to communicate with you on these and other topics. We also may use your e-mail address or other methods to send you newsletters, as well as messages about new features, special offers, promotional announcements, consumer surveys and other correspondence concerning our service. Please note that you cannot unsubscribe from certain correspondence from us, including messages relating to your account transactions.
We keep track of your interactions with us and collect information related to you and your use of our Service, including but not limited to your online activity, content selections, payment history, correspondence, internet protocol addresses, device types, and related activity. We use this information for such purposes as determining your general geographic location, providing localized content, enforcing our terms, providing recommendations on content we think will be enjoyable, personalizing the Service to better reflect particular interest, helping us quickly and efficiently respond to inquiries and requests and otherwise enhancing or administering our service offering for you and other users. We also provide analysis of our users in the aggregate or otherwise in anonymous form to prospective partners and other third parties. While using the Service, you will have opportunities to post reviews or other information in public forums. Please understand that when you post information, it is made public and is not subject to this policy. We are not responsible for any third party’s use of information you publicly disclose through our Service.
You may connect one or more social networks with your accounts with the Family of Companies. If you choose to do so, we will collect information from your social networking account(s) and your use of social features.
Disclosure of Information
We may disclose the information we collect from you to the Family of Companies, channel partners, and content providers. Also, if you use our giving application, donation receipts with personal information will be provided to the designated charity unless you select the option to be anonymous. The iDisciple Family of Companies will follow practices that are consistent with the practices described in this Privacy Policy. In addition, we use other companies, agents, or contractors to perform services on our behalf. For example, we have partnered with other companies, to provide infrastructure and IT services, personalize and optimize our web pages, process credit card transactions, provide customer service, collect debts, analyze and enhance data, including users interaction with our website, and process consumer surveys. In the course of providing such services, these other companies may have access to your information. We do not authorize these companies to use or disclose your personal information except for the purpose of providing the services we request of them.
Giving Company also reserves the right to disclose personal information if we reasonably believe that access, use, preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to (a) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request, (b) enforce applicable terms of use, including investigation of potential violations thereof, (c) detect, prevent, or otherwise address illegal or suspected illegal activities, security or technical issues, or (d) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Giving Company, its users or the public as required by law. In connection with any reorganization, restructuring, merger or sale, or other transferring of assets we reserve the right to transfer information, including personal information, provided that the receiving party agrees to respect your personal information in a manner that is consistent with our privacy policy.
Social Sharing
You may elect to share information about your use of the Service within Family of Companies as well as on other social networks.
Other Websites and Platforms
The Service may be provided through platforms or contain links to sites operated by third parties whose policies regarding the handling of information may differ from ours. For example, you can access the Service through platforms such as a tablet, iPad, Android, or iPhone and a number of other internet connected devices. While we endeavor to associate with reputable companies, Giving Company cannot be responsible for the information handling practices of these other websites and platforms. These websites and platforms have separate and independent privacy statements, notices and terms of use, which, we recommend you read carefully. In addition, you may encounter third party applications that interact with the Service.
Children
You must be 18 years of age or older to subscribe to the Service. In certain jurisdictions, the age of majority may be older than 18, in which case, you must satisfy that age in order to become a member. While individuals under the age of 18 may utilize the Service, they may do so only with the involvement, supervision, and approval of a parent or legal guardian, and subject to our Terms of Use.
Right to Access Your Information
We give you access to a broad range of information about your account and your interactions with us in the “Your Account” portion of the Websites. You are responsible for updating and maintaining the truth and accuracy of the personal information you provide relating to your account. If you want to access or alter your contact information or change your payment method, you should do so by visiting the “Your Account” section of the Websites. You must be signed in to access “Your Account”. You can also make changes to certain communication preferences by going to the “Email preference” section of “Your Account” on the Website.
Cookies and Other Technologies
As you interact with our Service, we and our service providers may place cookies on your system. Cookies are small pieces of data that are sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your system for record keeping purposes. In general, cookies can make the internet more useful by storing information about your preferences on a particular system. The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. If your browser is set to not accept any cookies, you will not be able to use the Service or Website.
How Do We Use the Data We Collect?
We may use the information we collect and maintain, including any personal data, for the following purposes:
If you have provided your contact information to us, we may use such information to contact you for marketing and promotional purposes by various means, including regular mail, email, or telephone. We may also send you prerecorded messages or SMS text messages.
To process orders, requests and payments, and to communicate with our customers about their accounts or any requests, orders, or payments.
To provide requested services to our customers. The services we provide to our customers may include certain marketing and promotional services, including sending or facilitating the delivery of communications on behalf of and at the request of our customers. In such cases, our customers are responsible for the content and delivery of such communications.
To respond to any inquiries submitted to us and to provide technical support to customers and Site visitors.
To tailor the content and information that we may send to display to customers or Website visitors, to display targeted advertisements, and to otherwise personalize experiences at the Website.
To better understand how users access and use our Website and services, both on an aggregate and individualized basis, for the purpose of improving our Website and services and responding to customer and visitor desires and preferences.
To detect violations of applicable policies. For example, we may use automated filters to screen the content of emails sent by or on behalf of our customers in order to restrict the sending of pornography or other prohibited content. We may also track or screen certain email activities such as the importation of large email lists or the receipt of returned emails, to detect and prevent illegal spamming activities.
How Do We Disclose the Data We Collect?
We do not sell, rent, or trade personal information, whether Customer Information or Customer Recipient Data without prior consent. We may however, disclose the information we collect or maintain, including personal information, without prior consent as described below:
Service Providers – We may disclose the information we collect from you to third party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform the following functions on our behalf, such as credit card processing to bill you for goods and services and a live chat vendor to assist us with customer service marketing analysis services to help manage our online advertising, customer relationship management services, and internal system monitoring and performance services. These third parties are required to maintain the confidentiality, security, and integrity of personal information and to use such information only as directed by us.
Giving Company, Channel Partners, Content Providers – We may disclose the information we collect from you to the Family of Companies, channel partners, and content providers. Also, if you use our giving application, donation receipts with personal information will be provided to the designated charity unless you select the option to be anonymous.
Business Transfers – If we are acquired by or merged with another company, if parts of our assets are transferred to another company, or as part of a bankruptcy proceeding, we may transfer the personal information we have collected to the acquiring company or entity. You will be notified via email or prominent notice on our Web site for 30 days of any such change in ownership or control of your personal information.
In Response to Legal Process – We may also disclose the information we collect in order to comply with the law, a judicial processing, court order, or other legal process, such as in response to a court order or subpoena. We also may disclose the information we collect from you where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, and situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person or violations of this Policy, our Terms & Conditions, our Anti- Spam Policy, or our End User Service Agreement.
Aggregate and De-identified Information – We may share aggregate, anonymous or de-identified information, such as Site Data, about users with third parties for marketing, advertising, research, or similar purposes, however, we do not disclose personal data to such third parties.
Security
Giving Company takes information security very seriously and uses reasonable administrative, technical, physical and managerial measures to protect your personal information from unauthorized access.
Unfortunately, no security system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Accordingly, we cannot guarantee the security of your information and cannot assume liability for improper access to it. By using our service, including our website and user interfaces, or providing information to us through any means, you agree that we can communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of the Service.
In order to provide you with ease of access to our account and to help administer the Service, Giving Company implements technology that enables us to recognize you as the account holder and provide you with direct access to your account without requiring you to retype any password or other user identification when you revisit the Service. You can choose not to take advantage of this feature on your computer by unchecking the box “Remember me on this computer” when you login on the website. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account access information and for restricting access to your computer or device through which you access your Service account. If you disclose your password to anyone or share your account and/or devices with other people, you take full responsibility for their actions. Where possible, users of public or shared devices should log out at the completion of each visit. If you sell or return a computer or iDisciple ready device, you should log out and deactivate the device before doing so. If you fail to log out and deactivate the device, subsequent users may be able to access your account information. See above instructions on how to deactivate your devices.
Changes to This Policy
As we update and expand our services, we may make changes to this policy. You should check back for updates to this policy from time to time. You acknowledge that your assent to our Privacy Policy subsequent to any changes made following your initial consent as well as your use of the Website or continued use of our Service after our posting of changes to this policy means that you agree to be bound by such changes. The most current version of this Privacy Policy can be reviewed by visiting our website and clicking on “Privacy Policy” located at the bottom of the pages of theWwebsite. The most current version of the Privacy Policy will supersede all previous versions.
Transfer of Information and International Users
Given that the internet is a global environment, using the internet to collect and process information necessarily involves the transmission of data on an international basis. Therefore, by using the Service, you acknowledge and consent to the transfer of your information outside your country of residence to any country (including the United States) where we have facilities or engage third parties (including but not limited to payment processors, cloud service or other IT providers, and other companies that provide services to us).
Contacting Us
If you have questions concerning your account, please contact Customer Service. If you have questions concerning this Privacy Policy, including the treatment of your personal information and/or our use of cookies and other technologies, please contact us via email at info@iDisciple.org or at the following: Giving Company, 2555 Northwinds Parkway, Alpharetta, GA 30009.
Cancellation
You may cancel your subscription to any of our Services at any time. We do not provide refunds or credits for any partial month subscription periods or used content. To cancel, visit the Website and click on “Cancel subscription” on the “Your Account” page and follow the instructions for cancellation under the heading “Cancel subscription”.
Right to Terminate
We reserve the right to terminate or restrict your use of our service, without notice, for any or no reason whatsoever.
A GIVING COMPANY BRANDA GIVING COMPANY BRANDA GIVING COMPANY BRANDFollow UsMind & HeartHealth & HomeFaith & ChurchShoppingDevotionalsNewslettersAbout UsAdvertise With UsTerms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Email Preference Center  ©2020 Family ChristianGet more of Family Christian sent directly to your inbox! Sign-up for weekly newsletters and more.Error MessageExploreShop