http://www.vesnivka.com/privacy
Did you know that your version of Internet Explorer is out of date?
To get the best possible experience using our website we recommend downloading one of the browsers below.
Internet Explorer 10, Firefox, Chrome, or Safari.
Celebrating 55 years of choral excellence
Privacy
We collect aggregate information web site traffic; for example, what pages consumers access or visit. This statistical information we collect is used for internal review and to improve the content of our web site. It is not shared with any other organizations for commercial purposes. We do not set any cookies. We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
If you supply us with your postal address or email address, you will only receive the information for which you provided us your postal address or email address.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. Vesnivka only collects Personal Information that you submit voluntarily when you provide your name, address and any other contact information you choose to provide, on the "Contact", "Careers", "Print Disclaimer", "Logo Specs", "Postcard Specs", "Newsletter Subscribe" and "Blog" portion of the Site. Such Personal Information is collected for the sole purpose of adding your name and contact information to Vesnivka's mailing list in order to provide you with publications, promotions, updates and invitations to upcoming Vesnivka events that may be of interest to you. By providing Vesnivka with Personal Information on these portions of the Site, you consent to the collection and use of such information in accordance with this privacy statement. Vesnivka does not disclose any Personal Information to any third parties, except as required by law. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our web site periodically.
Please let us know of any questions or concerns via email at info@vesnivka.com.
Thank you for visiting www.vesnivka.com!
Subscribe To Our Newsletter
Email Address*
First Name
Last Name