https://www.asg.org/admin/privacy-policy/
Home
Join ASG
Join Now!
Chapter Locations
All About Membership
Member Benefits
Member Brochure
Join by Mail
Resources
ASG Conference
Awards
Contests
Giving Back
Hall of Fame
Links
Travel and Tours
Measurement Chart
Shop ASG
ASG Store
Chapter Products
Video Resources
Visit the Blog
About
About Us
ASG Sensitivity Statement
FAQ’s
Start a Chapter
Contact
Member Login
Login First!
Members Only
Leadership Only
Website FAQ’s
Logout
Your Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. We provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
Collection of Personal Information
When visiting ASG.org, the IP address used to access the site will be logged along with the dates and times of access. This information is used only to analyze trends, administer the site, track user movement and gather broad demographic information for internal use. Recorded IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Links to third party Websites
We have included links on this site for your use and reference. We are not responsible for the privacy policies used on these websites. Please be aware that the privacy policies of these sites may differ from our own.
Affiliate Links
The American Sewing Guild participates in affiliate advertising programs that provide a means to earn advertising fees for certain sponsored products and services. Some (not all) links found on this site may result in a small commission paid to us if you click the link or make a purchase. To accomplish this, note that third parties may be placing and reading cookies in your browser or using web beacons to collect information as a result of serving ads to your website. Cookies do not contain identifying data. You may disable or delete cookies in your browser by going to your browser settings.
Changes to this Privacy Statement
The contents of this statement may be altered at any time at our sole discretion.
If you have any questions regarding the privacy policy, please contact us for more information.
Become a Member
Join the only national organization dedicated to Advancing Sewing as an Art and Life Skill.
Annual Conference
Newport Beach, CA
July 8-11, 2021
Newport Beach Marriott
Hotel & Spa
Make Hotel Reservations
The ASG Conference is a unique once-a-year opportunity for sewing enthusiasts to gather for shopping, networking and education and is open to members and non-members.
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
American Sewing Guild
National Headquarters
9660 Hillcroft, Suite 510
Houston TX 77096
713-729-3000 | 713-721-9230 Fax
www.ASG.org