http://www.langleyquiltersguild.com/policies-%26-procedures
HomeACTIVITIESBeWOPSBLOCK OF THE MONTHFAT QUARTER DRAWSIT 'N STITCHRETREATQUILT SHOWSHOW & TELLCOMMUNITY PROJECTSNEWSLETTERSMEMBER INFORMATIONABOUT USMEETINGSJOIN OR RENEW MEMBERSHIPCONSTITUTION & BYLAWSPOLICIES & PROCEDURESEXECUTIVE & VOLUNTEERSEXPENDITURE SHEETLINKSCONTACT USMoreHomeACTIVITIESBeWOPSBLOCK OF THE MONTHFAT QUARTER DRAWSIT 'N STITCHRETREATQUILT SHOWSHOW & TELLCOMMUNITY PROJECTSNEWSLETTERSMEMBER INFORMATIONABOUT USMEETINGSJOIN OR RENEW MEMBERSHIPCONSTITUTION & BYLAWSPOLICIES & PROCEDURESEXECUTIVE & VOLUNTEERSEXPENDITURE SHEETLINKSCONTACT USHomeACTIVITIESSHOW & TELLCOMMUNITY PROJECTSNEWSLETTERSMEMBER INFORMATIONLINKSCONTACT USLangley Quilters' GuildLangley Quilters' GuildLangley Quilters' GuildLangley Quilters' Guild
Policies & ProceduresPolicies and procedures enlarge on the Bylaws of the Guild and give more detail as to how our Guild isrun.The following is set up in the same order as the Bylaws.Part 1: Membership1. Full members are expected to be active members of the Guild, participating in the activities, attendingmeetings and volunteering when able.2. Membership dues are non-refundable.3. Lifetime membership:a) This may be offered to long-time members who have given extraordinarily to the Guildb) Lifetime members’ dues are withdrawnc) Lifetime members have all privileges of full membershipPart 2: General Meetings of Members1. a) The general membership has the opportunity for input into meeting agendas and location.b) The Executive has the authority to make the final decisions.c) Proposed budget for the subsequent fiscal year is presented to the full membership in May andvoted on in May (2012-04-03) June. (Correction 2014-04-23)2. The Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) shall consist of:a) The AGM shall be held in July or at such other date that the Executive shall decide.(2012-04-03)b) The outgoing (2014-08-14) Treasurer’s year end report and the financial report will be presented.Copies of the financial report are to be available to all full members.c) The outgoing (2014-08-14) President’s year-end report is given.d) Any other special business as decided by the Executive.e) The Government report shall be written and sent within 30 days of the AGM.f) The transfer of power from current Executive to the incoming Executive shall occur at the AGM(2012-04-03), following the outgoing Treasurer's and President's reports. (2014-08-14)Part 3: Executive1. The elected Executive positions and the volunteer (non-elected/non-voting) positions, and their relatedduties are as follows.2. Elected Executivea) Executive shall consist of the following six members: President, Vice President, Chapter Secretaries,and Chapter Treasurers, from which an Executive Treasurer and Executive Secretary will be chosen.b) A quorum shall be three executive members. (2012-04-03)President1. Chairs the Chapter meeting (day or evening, whichever she/he was elected to2. Convenes and chairs the executive meeting3. Prepares the agenda for the general meeting and all executive meetings, co-ordinating with theVice-President to facilitate the flow of information.4. Convenes and chairs the AGM and ensures that adequate notice is given to members.5. Ensures Guild budget is formulated, accepted and implemented.6. Maintains the general management of the Guild in a responsible manner.7. a) Keeps a copy of all Guild keys and maintains a current data base of key holders.b) Ensures the mail is collected minimally twice per month.8. Ensures that the papers necessary for the Guild to maintain its non-profit status are filed with theregulatory government office in Victoria, B.C. within 30 days of the AGM.9. Has signing authority for cheques and legal documents.10. Writes message for each newsletter published.11. Represents the Guild at functions but can appoint another Guild member in her/his stead.12. Maintains the continuity of the Guild.13. Contracts space for guild meetings.14. Ensures regular receipt of reports from all committees. (2012-04-03)Vice President (Constitution Amendment 2012-04-03)1. Chairs the Guild Chapter meeting opposite to the President.2. Assists the President in the general management of the Guild in a responsible manner.3. Informs the President of activities, concerns and projects.4. Ascends to the Presidency in the second year of her/his term.5. Has signing authority for cheques and legal documents.6. Attends functions that the President is unable to attend.7. Applies for gaming license for the 50/50 annually. (2012-04-03)Chapter Treasurers (2) (Elected) (Constitution Amendment 2012-04-03)One of the elected Treasurers will assume the responsibilities of the financial records, to include books ofaccount, and render financial statement to the Executive members and others when required.1. Monitors and deals with Guild finances.2. Receives monies paid to the Chapter and oversees deposits, collections and disbursements ofmonies in a timely manner.3. Produces a report for each Chapter meeting and the Executive meeting.4. Has signing authority and issues cheques to pay Chapter liabilities supported byinvoice or receipt.5. Composes with a committee a proposed budget for presentation to the Executive in May, anddistributed to the full membership in May prior to voting at the June Chapter meetings.2012-04-03)6. Keeps the accounts in such a way that they may be produced when requested.7. Provides the financial books for an annual internal reviewChapter Secretary (2) (Elected) (Constitution Amendment 2012-04-03)One of the elected Secretaries will assume the responsibilities of correspondence, notices, minutes ofExecutive meetings, archiving of minutes and custody of records and documents of the Guild.1. Keeps the minutes of the Chapter meetings and distributes in PDF format within 7 days to themembers.2. a) Receives mail and reads to members as appropriate.b) Composes correspondence of the Chapter when required.3. Has signing authority for cheques and legal documents4. Maintains an updated version of the Constitution and Bylaws and Policies and Procedures andensures that copies are available for the members.5. Ensures that the minutes of the current year’s meetings are available at Chapter meetings inhard copy.6. Keeps minutes of the Executive meetings and distributes copies of said minutes within sevendays to the Executive.7. Compiles a digital archive of Chapter and Executive meetings minutes at the end of thecurrent year. (2012-04-03)Additional Executive Positions (Constitution amendment 2004-05-11)Past President1. Advises the current President on all matters concerning running of the Guild.2. Forms and chairs the nominating committee for elections. Committee should consist of no lessthan 3 members.Volunteer Positions (non-elected and non-voting)Membership Chair1. Maintains and updates, monthly, the membership list and the Master List of Members sinceGuild inception, in spreadsheet format, (Excel or other Open Source program).2. Distributes, monthly, the complete membership lists to the Executive and Volunteers,sorting the data to suit various needs; distributes, monthly, an edited version (in accordancewith PIPA [Personal Information Protection Act] instructions) to Members, all in PDF format.(2012-04-03)3. Provides to the “Email Membership List” volunteer the spreadsheet in a suitable format.4. Provides to the Phone Membership Committee, a list of those members who do not haveemail access, only when any updates are done.5. Prints and distributes Guild name tags for all current Executive and Volunteers.6. Keeps the Membership container stocked.7. Revises and has printed new application forms and membership cards for the nextGuild year in time for registration8. Ensures the guidelines for PIPA are adhered to.9. Retains, prepares, and date marks, in the last month of the current Guild year, all membershipapplications and membership list for a Two-year archival filing. After Two years they aredestroyed.10. Provides input to the Executive for budget planning.11. Maintains all expenses within budgetary allowance.12. Maintains and updates the Executive and Volunteers list, in spreadsheet format, anddistributes the list, in PDF format, annually or as changes occur. (2012-04-03)13. Maintains a digital archive of membership information at the end of the current year. (2012-04-03)Membership Committee (Chapter)1. Sets up/takes down the membership table for each Chapter meeting. Materials are keptin the Membership Committee container in the Guild storage area.2. Sits at the membership table at Chapter meetings and ensures members show acurrent membership card when signing in.3. Signs up new members and ensures that they receive a “Welcome Package”, consisting of awelcoming letter and a current copy of the Constitution and Bylaws and Policies andProcedures.4. Maintains a separate sign-in guest book for visitors that includes their name and telephonenumber, and provides a name badge for each guest.5. Arranges for “Guest Greeter” for guests and/or new members for purposes of orientation.6. Renews present Guild memberships starting in May, or at such time as the executive maydecide.7. Ensures that an application is completed for each Guild year by renewing members and bynew Guild members.8. Sells name tag holders, guild pins and note cards at a fee decided on by the Executive.9. Draws the door prize at the Chapter meeting from the names of those memberssigned in and provides a list of the winners to the Secretary.10. Completes a “meeting tally sheet” to record monies taken in to accompany moneyhanded over to the TreasurerMember-At-Large (Day) (April 2010)1. Fulfills the duties of an absentee volunteer at the Chapter meeting as needed.2. Assists volunteers with their duties when extra help is needed at the Chapter meeting.Programs, Workshops & Betweens Committee (2012-04-03)1. Committee should consist of a minimum of Five people representing both Chapters from whicha chair, secretary & treasurer are selected.a) Meets regularly (at minimum every two months).b) Sends a representative to each Guild Executive meeting.c) Submits minutes or written report to President/Executive on a regular basis.d) Monitors Committee finances.e) Sends representation to the Gathering of the Guilds meetings and activities.2. Continues to make contractual bookings, that meet the needs/interest of the majority ofmembers, as indicated from surveys and member input, fulfilling the future Guild calendar.Submits schedule to Executive for approval and concurrence with other Guild events.3. Maintains all expenses within budgetary allowances. Any anticipated expenditures exceedingthis budget must have prior approval by the Guild Executive.4. Makes bookings for locations.5. Establishes a resource network from which a backup program can be drawn in the event of alate cancellation of scheduled event.6. Ensures upcoming events are fully promoted, in a timely manner, through the use of samples,supply lists, and Guild publicity tools, such as newsletters, email, website and meetings.7. Facilitates sign-ups, collects fees and forwards fees and expenses to Guild Treasurer.8. Provides all standard/non-standard equipment required for a clean, hospitable and safeworking environment for all bookings.9. Introduces and provides support to the instructor and attends to payment of all fees.10. Establishes workshop/between fees based on instructor fee, facility rental and minimum classsize.11. Assesses the feasibility of the bookings, including the opening of the workshop/betweens tonon-members, and undertakes the cancellation if required.12. Maintains a record of events through the use of photos, critiques and comment sheets, andforwards same to newsletter and website as appropriate.13. Provides input to the Guild Executive for budget planning.Community Donation Quilts Committee (Chapter)1. Liaises with non-profit groups within the community that the Guild has selected to benefit.2. Responds to National and International requests for quilts with consent of the membership.(2012-04-03)3. Collects community donation quilts from Guild members.4. Keeps a record of the quilts made the numbers distributed and recipients, and submits toGuild Executive.5. Organizes Guild activities to produce community donation quilts (e.g. by challenges or byorganizing workshops).6. Provides Guild label for quilts.7. Makes available quilt construction requirements for the various groups.8. Ensures that thank-you notes are forwarded to the appropriate parties and/or read at Chaptermeetings.9. Submits minutes or reports of any committee meetings to the President/Executive as required.(April 2010)Events - Publicity (2013-09-18)1. Co-ordinates participation in community events, such as the Arts Alive Festival and the CampbellValley Country Celebration and others as they arise.Publicity (2013-09-18)1. Ensures that Guild reports are sent regularly to the Canadian Quilter (CQA newsletter) and otherpublications.2. Ensures that notice of Guild meetings is in the local newspapers each month.3. Notifies local newspapers of special Guild activities and, if possible, arranges for coverage by areporter and photographer.4. Co-ordinates, updates and distributes promotional literature for the Guild.5. Receives and displays promotional material from other Guilds and allied groups of interest to themembers.6. Liaises with the Langley Arts Council RepresentativeHospitality (Chapter)1. Purchases the necessary supplies and provides refreshments at Chapter meetings.Archivist1. Stores all archived Guild materials in Guild storage.2. Keeps the archives up to date.Photography (Chapter)1. Provides use of own digital camera for picture taking at her/his Chapter meeting.2. Photographs items brought in for show and tell at Guild meetings.3. Maintains a digital library of all guild photos.4. Forwards monthly show & tell photos to webmaster in the week following the meeting.5. Takes photographs as requested by executive.50/50 Draw (Chapter)1. Is responsible for selling tickets, collecting of funds; the collected amount will be split withhalf to the Guild and half to the winning ticket holder2. In compliance with the BC Gaming Commissions’ Bylaws:a) The President (or delegate), Vice-President (or delegate) and the50/50 salesperson cannot buy tickets for the 50/50 Draw that they oversee.b) The President (or delegate) and Vice-President (or delegate) MUSTdraw the winning ticket wearing short sleeves or sleeves pushed up whendrawing.c) Winner of the 50/50 draw MUST sign the ticket stubs.d) Both tickets with the winning number must be retained in a designated 50/50Record Keeping Book, which must include the winner’s name, address, contact #and $ amount of the win.Guild Meeting Activities Committees (Chapter) (2012-04-03)a) Should include but not limited to BOM (Block of the Month), Fat Quarter and Special Projectsb) Adheres to all current copyright laws, and when needed, receives permission for pattern use,maintaining a record of same.c) Announces a theme, publicizes it, and forwards information to website, newsletter and emails in atimely manner.1. Block of the Month (Chapter)a) Accepts responsibility for selecting, constructing a sample block, and providinginstructions for the block of the month, and if necessary, dispersing the blocks amongstparticipants according to the guidelines that have been set up.2. Fat Quarter (Chapter)a) Accepts responsibility for the selection and collection of fat quarters and co-ordinates thedraw.3. Special Projects (Chapter)a) Accepts responsibility for the selection, time frame and disbursement if required.Web Master (2012-04-03)(a) Must adhere to all current copyright laws, and when needed, receive permission and give creditfor pattern and/or article use, maintaining a record of same.1. Maintains and updates the web site with up coming events within two weeks of the meeting.2. Edits all photos received, especially the Show & Tell gallery, to web size and constructs newgallery monthly.3. Converts guild forms and information to PDFs to be available to members.4. Receives inquiries, comments and suggestions through the website email. Responds to generalinquiries and/or forwards to appropriate people.5. Moderates the blog if/and when required.6. Ensures the domain name registration is current.7. Maintains back-up of the website and blog data.Sit 'n Stitch Committee (Chapter) (2012-04-03)Committee shall consist of a representative from each Chapter1. Drop-in every 2nd Wednesday of the month, except December, location and time to be decidedby the Executive.a) Visitors are welcome for a one-time visit. (2012-04-03)2. Shall have a Sign-in Sheet and emergency contact list3. Liaises with facility Management as required.Newsletter Committee (Chapter) (April 2010)(a) Must adhere to all current copyright laws, and when needed, receive permission and give creditfor pattern and/or article use, maintaining a record of same.Proposed: March 2009 / Accepted: June 2009 / 1st Newsletter: September 2009The Purpose of the Newsletter Committee is to produce a timely and regular Newsletter whichshowcases the Guild activities and its volunteer members, in a format for email, website andhard-copy version as required.The duties/objectives of this Committee are:1. Meets with other coordinators and writers to discuss content of newsletter and develop ideas forarticles.2. Obtains articles and images from coordinators, writers, and members.3. Edits articles for relevance, content, length and spelling.4. Attends to all advertising pertaining to the Newsletter and collects all monies owed fromadvertisers prior to publishing.5. Establishes advertising rates each Guild year, in concert with the Executive.6. Organizes articles into newsletter template.7. Prepares drafts for proof-reading and approval, before publishing.8. Completes approved Newsletter within timeline.9. Emails Newsletter for Guild distribution and posting on the website.10. Provides a record of accounting to the Executive.Retreat Committee (2012-04-03)1st Retreat 2004Committee should consist of a minimum of two members.1. The Guild Retreat is an event usually held in the fall and attended by Guild members.2. Plans and organizes the weekend retreat for a minimum of 30 Guild members. This number willdepend upon the location and discretion of the retreat planning committee.3. Collects all registration fees.4. Plans the accommodation, food and program for all attendees.5. Organizes one or more classes with instructors/volunteers as desired.6. Purchases all prizes, gifts, and miscellaneous expenses according to income.7. Provides the final record of accounting to be given to the Executive supported by receipts forexpenditures.8. Retreat will be self-sufficient.9. Any cash surplus will be returned to general revenue.10. Chairperson keeps a “wait list”, registered retreat attendees may sell their spot but can notreceive a refund.11. Focus retreats can be organized with approval by the executive. They must adhere to the GuildPolicies.Quilt Show Committee (2012-04-03)1st Quilt Show 2004Purpose: The Quilt Show is an opportunity to showcase to the public the diversity of the quilting arts. Thisevent is the key fundraiser for our Guild, and it promotes our involvement in the community. TheCommittee comprises of a sufficient number of members to accomplish all tasks, and to recruit additionalmembers as required. The Committee shall be struck in the month following the previous Quilt Show.Quilt Show Chair1. Oversees the Quilt Showa) Ensures the venue is booked for the Quilt Show.b) Organizes and chairs meetings of the Show Committee.c) Ensures that the key positions are filled on the Show Committee: secretary, treasurer,quilt registration, quilt hanging, tea room, guild boutique, vendors, security, publicity,volunteers, raffle quilt ticket sales/venues.d) Liaises with the Show committee members to make certain all is proceeding smoothly.e) Submits applications for grants being sought to supplement the Quilt Show budget in atimely manner.f) Requests the CQA (Canadian Quilters' Association) Best of Show ribbon.g) Attends all Chapter and Executive meetings to promote our Quilt Show, andanswers question from the members.h) Acts as the Quilt Show ambassador and promotes our show.i) Presents progress reports regularly and the final report and Income Statement to theExecutive and membershipj) Ensures that the Raffle Quilt winning number and name is publicly announced.(2012-04-03)Raffle Quilt Committee (2012-04-03)Committee should consist of a minimum of three members.1st Raffle Quilt 20041. Oversees the design and making of the Raffle Quilt in the year prior to the Quilt Show.2. Keeps a record of all costs involved, both financial and labor.3. Design should involve the Guild members in the making of the blocks.4. Applies for the raffle ticket license at least eight months before the draw date, including aphotograph of the top of the quilt.5. Ensures that the raffle ticket license # is provided to the member arranging for the printing of theraffle tickets.6. Reveals the completed quilt to the Guild prior to ticket sales.Room Co-ordinator (Chapter) (2012-04-03)1. Designs and co-ordinates a layout of tables and sundry equipment to fit the available space andthe needs of each Chapter meeting.2. Liaises with the facility management as required.3. Sets up the Audio/Visual equipment and ensures that it is operational.4. Hangs the Guild banner.5. Meets, accommodates, and introduces delegates from other guilds, when appropriate.6. Is responsible for changing/setting lighting modes required for Chapter meetings.7. Provides reserved table space for new members/guests and greeters.Greeter (Chapter) (2012-04-03)1. Greets new members and guests.2. Introduces them to guild activities and the guild mandate.3. Answers questions.4. Encourages membership and participation.Phone Co-ordinator (2012-04-03)1. Contacts all members without email, a few days in advance of the Chapter meeting withreminders about upcoming meetings and items they should bring to the meeting.Email Co-ordinator (2012-04-03)1. Maintains an up-to-date contact list in co-ordination with the membership chair.2. Maintains committee contact lists.3. Receives Guild related emails.4. Reviews and determines the relevance of each email to Guild activities.5. Redistributes approved emails to the appropriate list.Social Committee (2012-04-03)Committee should consist of a minimum of three people representing both Chapters from which acoordinator is selected.The coordinators duties;1. Plans, co-ordinates, and oversees the social events of the Guild as determined by the Executive.2. Ensures that advance reservations of facilities are made.3. Ensures that admission tickets are obtained and distributed.4. Publicizes the event well in advance through Guild meetings, email, newsletter and website.5. Keeps the Executive informed on the status of the event.6. Meets with volunteers for planning and provides direction as needed.7. Attends to all payments related to events.8. Monitors committee finances, maintaining expenses within the budgetary allowance.9. Maintains a record of events through the use of photos, critiques and comment sheets andforwards same to newsletter and website as appropriate.Sunshine (2013-07-17)1. To send out cards to Guild members on behalf of the Guild, e.g. illness or suffers a loss2. To report to members only the names of recipientElections1. Elections of the Executive shall be held annually in May or at such other time as determined bythe Executive.2. Nominations for Executive positions must be done in April by the Evening Chapter in order toappear on the ballot and can be done by Day Chapter, if they wish. Day Chapter can acceptfurther nominations at the May Day Chapter prior to voting. (2004-02-16)3. The Executive are elected for a one-year term, except for the Vice-President which will be a twoyear term, ascending to the Presidency in the second year. (Constitution amendment(2012-04-03)4. Separate elections shall be held for each position to be filled.5. An election may be by acclamation; otherwise, it shall be by ballot.6. If no successor is elected, the person previously elected or appointed, may continue to holdoffice.7. Non-elected positions are filled by volunteer appointment, but only after all executive positionsare filled.8. Members may allow their name to stand for the same executive position for more than one termonly, and may allow their name to stand after an absence of one year. (2012-04-03)9. Members may only hold one elected executive position at a time.10. All ballots must be destroyed at the end of the election process for each term by the PastPresident, by shredding.Part 4: Borrowing1. As per Constitution and Bylaws.Part 5: Notices to Members1. A notice sent by mail or email shall be deemed to have been given on the fifth day followingthe day the notice was posted. In proving that mail notice has been given, it is sufficient toprove that the notice was properly addressed and placed in a Canadian post office receptacle.In proving that an email notice has been given, it is sufficient to prove that the email has notreturned to sender as undeliverable.2. When the Guild produces a Newsletter, notices placed in the newsletter are considered to havebeen read by all members.Part 6: Bylaws1. As per Constitution and BylawsPart 7: Proceedings at Chapter Meetings1. The chair of a Chapter meeting is the President or Vice- president. In their absence, anExecutive member shall preside as chair of the meeting.2. A quorum is 10% of the membership.3. If a quorum is not present at any meeting, motions may be presented, but they may not be votedon. The motion is to be presented at the next Chapter meeting.4. A Chapter meeting may be canceled, in which case all business will be transacted at thesubsequent Chapter meeting.5. All motions proposed at a Chapter meeting must be seconded.6. All motions must come from the floor. The chair of the Chapter meeting may not propose amotion.7. In the case of a tie vote, the proposed motion is defeated.8. The chair shall not vote in a show of hands but may vote in a ballot situation.9. All ballots will be destroyed after a vote by shredding.10. Motions presented, seconded and voted on at a Chapter Meeting must be presented at theimmediate subsequent alternate Chapter Meeting and voted on. (2012-04-03)11. Numbers for, against and abstentions must be recorded in the Chapter minutes. (2012-04-03)12. Members can only vote at one Chapter Meeting. (2012-04-03)Part 8: Proceedings of the Executive1. The Executive may meet at the place they choose to dispatch business.2. All Executive meetings shall be open to all Guild members for auditing. Non-Executive Guildmembers who wish to be added to the Executive agenda must present their detailed request inwriting to the President, seven (7) days prior to the meeting. Non-Executive members who planto attend an Executive meeting must notify a Member of the Executive seven (7) days in advanceto ensure that the venue is acceptable for the number of attendees. (March 2005)3. The Executive must receive approval from the membership prior to any expenditure over$1,000.00. (May 2003)Part 9: General1. To vote on Policies one must be a member in good standing of the Langley Quilters’ Guild.(November 2002)2. All members are expected to treat each other with respect and maintain good cell phoneetiquette during meetings. (2012-04-03)3. The Langley Quilters' Guild is an adult guild. We are open to guests of our members which mayinclude, under extenuating circumstances, well-behaved children and young adults. However,notice should be given to Chairperson prior to the meeting. No pets, except those required asservice animals, are allowed. (January 2014)4. The location of Chapter meetings will be the George Preston Recreation Center, 42 Avenue,Langley, B.C. (November 2002)5. Show & Tell shall be presented at every Chapter meeting. Changes to this Policy may bemade at the discretion of the Chapter executive. (December 2002)6. The reading of the minutes will be dispensed with. Unapproved copies will be available via emailor for reading prior to the meeting. (December 2002) Approved copies are available by requestfrom the Secretary.7. Visitors may attend only one meeting and one Sit 'n Stitch session per Guild year without joining.(2012-04-03)8. Members are required to wear their current membership card at all Guild events.(December 2002)9. Members will be required to present their current membership card at the door before beingadmitted to the meeting. (December 2002)10. Membership list is for guild-related use only. (December 2002)11. Replacement of a lost or missing Guild membership card is $2.00. (Executive)12. Name Tag Holders will be available for a cost of $1.00. (Executive)13. Membership Dues for a Guild year (e.g. July to June) will be $50.00 with a pro-rated schedule. Duesare to be collected starting in May for the next Guild year. (Increase to $50.00 was voted on bymembership July, 2019 - to start 2020/2021)14. The double wedding ring stylized “L” is the Guild Logo created by Janie Schulz. (January 2004)15. The Guild Banner created by Karen Johnson is the official banner of the Guild. (May 26, 2004)16. The proposal to have a Guild pin with the Guild Logo incorporating the words “Langley Quilters'Guild Langley, B.C. Canada” was accepted. (May 26, 2004)17. Members must be responsible for providing accurate current contact information to theMembership Committee (Oct 2006)18. Members who are on the Programs, Workshops & Betweens Committee may not teach duringtheir tenure. (May 23, 2007) (Rescinded: Guild Year 2008/2009)19. A $5.00 meeting fee will be collected by Membership from Chapter attendees who are notcurrent Guild members and/or have already attended one Chapter meeting compliments ofthe Guild. (June 27, 2007)20. All guild expenses incurred by committees and/or members must be supported by a receiptwhich is dated along with the Guild membership # of the member incurring the expense. Allexpenditures will be supported within the Guild’s fiscal budget. (April 2010)21. Any expenditure not supported within the Guild’s fiscal budget must first be presented to theExecutive for approval prior to reimbursement. (April 2010)22. All Committees shall encourage new members. (2012-04-03)23. Advertising to promote a quilt-related commercial business will be by paid Newsletteradvertisement only, except when affiliated with a hired Program, Workshop & Betweens.(2012- 04-03)24. All sign up activities will be split up 2/3:1/3 of daytime to evening members based onmembership applications that denote the meeting attended. (2012-04-03)25. Once signed up for a guild activity a refund will not be given. However, the spot can be sold to thenext person on the wait list. (2012-04-03)26. Quilt Show Exhibitors must be members for 6 months prior to the show. (2012-04-03)27. Only Full Members shall receive any Guild updates, i.e. newsletters, membership lists, emails,options for upcoming workshops, etc. (2012-04-03)Current as of May 6, 2020
Privacy Policy        Who we are:Our website address is: http://www.langleyquiltersguild.comWhat personal data do we collect and why do we collect it?CommentsWhen visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.MediaIf you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.Contact forms
CookiesIf you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.Embedded content from other websitesArticles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.Analytics:
Who do we share your data with & how long we retain your data?If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.What rights you have over your dataIf you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.Where we send your data?Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Copyright © 2020 Langley Quilters Guild - All Rights Reserved.Powered by GoDaddy Website Builder