http://www.englishtouringopera.org.uk/site/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - English Touring Opera
Skip to navigation
Skip to content
Search site
Covid-19 Update Statement
The Tales of Hoffmann - Sold out
Shackleton's Cat at Scott Polar Research Institute
Pelleas & Melisande at West Road Concert Hall
Tour Dates
Productions
Education
About ETO
Support ETO
News
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
1) OUR PRINCIPLES
At ETO we respect your personal information. We recognise that when you choose to provide us with information about yourself, you trust us to act in a responsible manner. That’s why we have put a policy in place to protect your personal information. This policy describes what we do with that information.
2) WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
We collect aggregated statistics about all customers, traffic patterns and related site information, but these statistics will include no personally identifying information.
We collect some basic details from those who make a specific request for brochures or other general enquiries. This includes your name, address, title, gender, date of birth, telephone number, and email address. We may also ask some further, voluntary questions so we can gain a clearer understanding of our users exact requirements and preferences.
After fulfilling any specific request we will not contact you again (unless you have given us permission to do so) with any other information, although your details will be retained on our records for statistical purposes only.
COOKIES
Our website uses cookies. A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers sent from our website and stored on your computer by your web browser. These cookies allow us to distinguish you from other users of our website, which helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site. The cookies we use are “analytical” cookies. They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around the site when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily. All cookie data we collect is anonymous. You can disable any cookies already stored on your computer but doing so may affect your visit to our website and may prevent certain pages from functioning properly. By using this site, you consent to our use of analytical cookies, which are detailed in the table below:
COOKIE
DESCRIPTION
Cookie Header
In the header of each web page on this site you will see a message alerting you to our website terms and conditions (including our privacy and cookie policy). If you’ve seen this message once, you probably won’t want to see it again. We use a cookie to remember this setting. User data is all anonymous.
Google Analytics
To understand how people use our site, we use Google Analytics. Most websites use some sort of analytics program like this. The data it collects helps us see things such as how many people visit our site, which country they are from, how many pages they visited, how fast our site loaded, and so on. All data collected is anonymous and does not identify you as an individual.
Full information about the cookies that are used by Google Analytics can be found at www.google.com/intl/en/privacypolicy.html
HotJar
We use Hotjar to help us optimise our website. Hotjar is a technology service that helps us better understand our users experience on our website (e.g. how much time they spend on which pages, which links they choose to click, what users do and don’t like, etc.).
Hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on our users’ behaviour and their devices, in particular device’s IP address (captured and stored only in anonymised form), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only). Hotjar stores this information in a pseudonymised user profile. Neither Hotjar nor we will ever use this information to identify individual users or to match it with further data on an individual user.
For further details, please see Hotjar’s privacy policy online here: https://www.hotjar.com/legal/policies/privacy
Facebook Pixel
We use the Facebook Pixel to understand conversion tracking, for optimisation and remarketing purposes.
Email cookies
We send emails using Create.Send, which also has tracking technology. We use these to measure performance of our emails (eg, what links are clicked on by readers, or if the email was forwarded). We then use this information to improve the emails that we send to you and the services that we provide.
3) HOW DOES ETO PROTECT CUSTOMER INFORMATION?
UK Data Protection Legislation means we follow strict security procedures in the storage and disclosure of information that you have given us, to prevent unauthorised access.
a) We ensure that any personal information we keep is as accurate as possible. This may include using third parties to check and improve name and address data.
b) Under the Data Protection Act you may request details of personal information we hold about you. Please send such requests to English Touring Opera, 50 Britton Street, London EC1M 5UP attention ETO Marketing. If you believe that any information we hold about you is incorrect or incomplete, you should write without delay to ETO marketing at the same address. Any information which is found to be incorrect will be corrected promptly.
4) WILL ETO DISCLOSE THE INFORMATION IT COLLECTS TO OUTSIDE PARTIES?
ETO will not sell, trade or rent your personal information to others unless you have given us your permission. With your permission we will only share the information with carefully chosen, reputable and trustworthy third parties.
We may provide aggregate statistics about customers, traffic patterns and related site information to reputable third party vendors, but these statistics will include no personally identifying information.
5) REMOVAL FROM MAILING LISTS
You can always remove your name and contact details from our various email-lists and other lists. To do this, please contact ETO’s Marketing Department. If you want to be removed from ETO’s mailing list please send an email to admin@englishtouringopera.org.uk
6) COMMUNICATIONS FROM THE SITE
a) Special offers and updates:
At several points throughout the site, you may be presented with an option to receive information on products, services, and special deals. Out of respect for the privacy of our users, we operate an ‘opt-in’ mailing list policy.
b) Unsubscribe Facility:
All emails from ETO will include an ‘unsubscribe’ option allowing the recipient the opportunity to advise us that they no longer wish to receive any further messages from ETO.
7) IMPROVEMENTS
ETO is committed to improving the service and information we are able to provide our users. We are therefore continually seeking ways of improving and upgrading this website. With this in mind, we reserve the right to change the way this site operates and how we process information. However, we will continue to respect the privacy and preferences of all users of this website.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
The use of English Touring Opera’s web pages is subject to the terms and conditions set out below. Any use of such web pages constitutes your agreement to abide by the following terms and conditions. You should carefully read the terms and conditions set out below. If you do not agree to all of the terms and conditions for the use of ETO web pages, please leave this website immediately.
1) The copyright in material on this website is owned by ETO and protected by the copyright laws of the United Kingdom, international copyright treaties and all other applicable copyright and intellectual property laws. You are entitled to copy any information for your own personal use but may not republish any such information in any manner without the prior written consent of ETO. You agree not to remove any product identification, copyright notices or legends or other notices or proprietary restrictions from any of the material or information contained in these web pages. Any unauthorised downloading, retransmission, or other copying or modification of any of the contents of this website may be in breach of statutory or common law rights which could be the subject of legal action. All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved by ETO.
2) The house designs and layouts are the property of ETO. Certain names, words, titles, phrases, logos, icons, graphics or designs to the pages of this website may constitute trade names or unregistered trademarks of ETO. The display of any of the above trade names or trademarks on pages at this website does not imply that any licence has been granted to any third party in respect of the same. All other product or company names and devices, logos, icons, graphics or designs referred to on the pages of this website are the trade marks of their respective owners and are exhibited only in such a manner as is intended to be for the benefit of such trade mark owners and ETO intends no infringement of such trade marks. The appearance or absence of product, services, companies, organisations, home pages or other websites on this website does not imply any endorsement or non-endorsement thereof by ETO. All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved by ETO.
3) All information (including but not limited to ideas, suggestions, concepts and graphics) submitted to ETO through this website will become the exclusive property of ETO. ETO will not be subject to any obligation of confidentiality and will be free to use the information for any purpose.
4) The information, materials and functions contained in the website including text, graphics, links or other items are provided on an ‘as is’ basis. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law ETO disclaims all warranties, representations, understandings whatsoever, express or implied, specifically including but not limited to warranties of satisfactory quality, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose freedom from computer viruses, and non-infringement of third parties’ rights. ETO reserves the right at any time and without notice to change, amend or otherwise vary these terms and conditions and its web pages.
5) ETO shall not be liable for any direct or indirect, special, incidental or consequential loss or damage whatsoever including without limitation, damages for loss of profits, contracts, data, goodwill, work stoppage and computer failure resulting from the use of or inability to use, interruption or availability of this website, its operation or transmission, computer viruses, loss of data or otherwise in respect of the use of the website and howsoever caused even if ETO shall have been advised of the possibility of such damages. ETO excludes any liability for any errors or omissions from information, materials and functions included in this website except to the extent that such liability may not be lawfully excluded under the applicable law. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law ETO disclaims all liability for negligence.
6) From time to time this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided in order to enhance the interest of other featured content and are not intended to signify that ETO endorses or otherwise has any responsibility for the content of the linked website. ETO is not responsible for nor assumes any liability for the contents of other websites or home pages which are linked to ETO web pages. ETO shall have no liability in respect of material hyperlinked to ETO web pages which may be misleading, inaccurate, defamatory, threatening or obscene or otherwise not in accordance with such regulations as may be from time to time in force. The provision by ETO of a link to another website does not constitute any authorisation by ETO to you to access materials held at that location, nor is it evidence of any endorsement by ETO of the material held there.
7) ETO operates this website from London and makes no representation that the information contained herein is appropriate or available for use in other locations outside the United Kingdom.
8) These terms and conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Great Britain. You agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the British courts. You are responsible for compliance with any applicable laws of the country from which you are accessing this website.
9) All data collected from this website is intended for internal marketing purposes only by ETO. Information on what data is held can be obtained by contacting ETO.
10) Any information found on this website is for guidance only and is not intended to constitute a contract and may change without notice. Nothing on this website will be deemed to constitute an offer to contract.
11) ETO shall not be liable for any damages to or viruses that may infect your computer equipment, software other property as a result of your access to, use of browsing of this website or your downloading of any data, text or images.
12) It is not permitted to create a link to this website without ETO consent.
Leave a comment
Name (Required)
Email (Required)
Website
Your Comment (Required)
Contact Us
Downloads
Associates&rsquo; Formal Complaints Procedure (187 kb)
Anti-Bullying and Anti-Harassment Policy (164 kb)
Customer Comments and Complaints Policy.pdf (3.83 mb)
Conflicts of Interest Policy.pdf (2.14 mb)
Disciplinary Procedures (182 kb)
Environmental Policy.pdf (3.15 mb)
Equality and Diversity Policy.pdf (2.77 mb)
Grievance Procedures
(131 kb)
Pay Policy.pdf (901 kb)
Safeguarding Policy (421 kb)
Volunteer Management Policy.pdf (1000 kb)
Whistleblowing Procedures (222 kb)
Follow us on:
English Touring Opera on Twitter
English Touring Opera on Facebook
Join our mailing list:
Sign-up to the English Touring Opera email newsletter to receive the latest news and info from ETO
Like most websites, we use cookies to facilitate online booking and to ensure we give you the best possible experience on our website. If you continue without changing your settings, we'll assume you're happy to receive cookies. You can learn more about changing your settings in our Privacy Policy.
Accept & close
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
English Touring Opera
Mountview Ground Floor
120 Peckham Hill Street
London SE15 5JT
Registered Charity: 279354
Company Number: 1458501
Supported by Arts Council England
Made Media Ltd.
×
Autumn 2020 Cast Announcement
We are happy to announce some of the fantastic artists we are excited to be working with this season. Head to our news page to discover more.
Support opera that moves today