http://www.nzff.co.nz/about/privacy-policy-terms-and-conditions/
History
Who We Are
Work With Us
Festival 2020 FAQ
Film Classification
Privacy Policy & Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions At Home – Online Terms and Conditions In-Cinema Terms and Conditions Competition Entry
We value your privacy and the trust you place in us. This Privacy Policy explains how the New Zealand Film Festival Trust collects and utilises personal information.   1. When information is collected Personal Information is collected when you:
Register for Festival communications such as e-news and email updates  Register to save your Wishlist  Create an account on the Festival’s At Home – Online VOD (Video on Demand) platform  Purchase films on the platform  Participate in a Festival contest or survey
2. What information is collectedThe information you provide when participating in the above can include, but is not limited to:
First and last name  Email address  Postal address or region  Phone number  Date of birth  Gender
Through your use of the VOD platform your IP address, browser and devise information, viewer metrics, and purchase and payment details will also be recorded.   3. How we use informationInformation provided is used to deliver EDM (electronic direct mail) updates, which may contain news about the annual Festival, information about upcoming Festival events in your area, and promotions for ticket sales and other revenue-generating elements of our non-profit operations. We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website, plan future festivals, and gauge audience engagement. Occasionally we will reveal statistical information about our site, such as number of visitors, pages viewed, etc., but we will never reference visitors' names or other personally identifiable information. 4. How we keep information safeTo prevent unauthorised access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. We do not share personally identifiable information with outside parties except to the extent required by law or necessary to the running of this site. Your email, name and credit card details are never sold, rented, or viewed by any third-party organisation. Your information is never used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.  5. How to access, update, and remove your informationTo access and make changes to your At Home – Online account, sign in at athome.nziff.co.nz/account and select My Account from the dropdown menu. To cancel your account please contact us on athome@nziff.co.nz. Non-identifying and aggregate info such as viewer metrics and total number of film views are retained in order for us to plan and report on current and future festivals.  To opt-out of our email communication use the ‘unsubscribe’ link at the bottom of the latest email you’ve received from us.  6. Third party servicesWe use third party services such as Mailchimp to dispatch emails, Google Analytics to report on website usage, and Stripe to process credit card purchases. The New Zealand Film Festival Trust is not responsible for the privacy practices of these services, or for the content and polices of otherorganisations linked via our website. Please visit the privacy policies of these third-party sites in order to understand their privacy and data collection practices.  7. Policy updatesWe may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. Changes will take effect when they are updated on this page. Issued by the New Zealand Film Festival Trust June 2020
The following form the basis upon which you agree to use the NZIFF At Home - Online VOD (Video on Demand) Platform.  Please read these Terms and Conditions carefully. By using the Festival’s VOD platform, you indicate that you accept these Ts&Cs. If you have any concerns about the material below please contact us on athome@nziff.co.nz. We reserve the right to change these terms. If we do so, we will notify you by email. 1. Definitions a.       “The Festival”, “At Home – Online", “We” and “Us” means New Zealand Film Festival Trust. b.       “Platform” means the Video on Demand service that the festival has employed to present the 2020 At Home – Online programme and includes all content on the platform. c.       “Compatible Device” and “Compatible Technology” means any personal computer or device, browser, software, or internet connection that is supported on or by the platform. d.       “Member” means a person that has supplied the requisite information to create an account on the platform. e.       “Online Rental” means platform content which has been purchased by a member and is available for viewing for 48 hours from time of purchase. Content may be viewed throughout those 48 hours, or for a limited time from when the Play button is pushed, depending on the film. New Online Rentals are released each day of the 2020 Festival. Purchase is available for a period of up to one week. f.        “Online Premiere” means platform content which has been pre-purchased by a member and is intended to be viewed at a set and advertised time. Purchasing ability is removed 15 minutes after the film has screened. Content can be viewed until 4am following the screening. 2. Use of the platform
Territory and location of screenings: Platform content is available only in New Zealand. We may use geo-filtering and geo-blocking technologies to verify your compliance and prevent access outside this territory. NZIFF At Home — Online is intended for private residences only. Screenings may not occur in bars, cafes, schools, community halls, churches, or any other non-residential location. Technology Requirements: You are responsible for ensuring access to the platform by employing compatible devices and technology and for all charges associated with the use of these. Use of the platform may be affected by the performance of these devices/technology and these requirements are subject to change at any time. We will use reasonable endeavors to give you notice of any changes. A full list of System Requirements is found on our How To – Online page. Platform Security: You may not make any platform content available outside of a residence, for any commercial or community purpose or for any other purpose for which it is not intended. You agree not to violate, circumvent or tamper with any of the security technology related to the platform and its content, or to attempt or assist another person to do so. Intellectual Property: You may only use the platform content and related information and materials for the purpose for which they are intended. You may not download, upload, copy, reproduce, manipulate or distribute its content or create any derivative of any material on the platform. 3. Purchase, Payment and RefundsOnline Premiere and Online Rental prices are indicated before payment confirmation. Prices are subject to change without notice. Orders may not be cancelled, transfered, or refunded once payment has been submitted. Payment processing is handled by third party payment gateway provider, Stripe.  All payments via Stripe are processed using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) protocol, where sensitive information is encrypted to protect your data. The Festival accepts no liability for any losses incurred as a result of any breach of terms either by yourself or by our third-party payment provider. You are responsible for ensuring you purchase the correct ticket type and view purchased content within the advertised timeframe.  Refunds or transfers will not be available if you mistakenly purchase a film session or miss the timeframe, nor will they be available if viewing is affected by the performance of employed devices/technology.  4. Member Accounts
You are responsible for the accuracy of your account information and maintaining the confidentiality of that information. You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access the platform through your account or internet connection are aware of these terms, and that they comply with them. 5. Third Party Material
Some information contained in the platform may link you to sites not owned or under the control of the Festival. We assume no responsibility or liability for the content of those sites or for any information you may submit to them. 6. ClassificationFilms are classified in accordance with the New Zealand Media Council’s Video on Demand guidelines. Where content is likely to offend or disturb a significant number of the intended audience, additional visual warning symbols will be displayed. It is unlawful for you to knowingly purchase platform content if you do not meet the minimum age requirement. We rely on your agreement that you are old enough to legally purchase the particular content. If we have reasonable grounds to believe you are not old enough then we may cancel your membership. 7. Termination
We may terminate your membership or access to the platform or part of the platform with or without notice. Provided you are not in breach of these terms and conditions we will reimburse you for any platform content you have successfully paid for but has not been made available to you. You may cancel your membership at any time by emailing athome@nziff.co.nz. Any content paid for but not watched at the time of termination will not be refunded. 8. DisclaimerThe Festival does not guarantee the uninterrupted or error-free use of the platform and shall not be liable for any loss arising from such events including but not limited to loss, corruption, attack, viruses, interference, hacking, or other security intrusion or any other factors beyond the Festival’s or its service providers’ control. You agree to indemnify the Festival with respect to any claims arising out of your breach of these terms and conditions.
Terms and Conditions for In Cinema screenings are set out by the ticket sellers themselves. Please check the venue’s or cinema's Ts & Cs for this information.
By entering any form of competition administered by the New Zealand Film Festival Trust, you accept these terms and conditions: 1. Notification Winners will be notified by email. A valid email address must be submitted via the entry form. 2. Selection and claiming Prize winners will be determined by a random draw from all correct entries received before the closing date, unless otherwise specified. Prizes not claimed in a reasonable or specified duration of time may be re-drawn. The winner must be able to take the prize as is, when is, as stated or else it is forfeited. 3. Judging Judges' decision will be final and no correspondence will be entered into. 4. Prizes Prizes cannot be exchanged for cash or other property and are subject to the terms and conditions and refund policies of the advertiser or promoter that is sponsoring the competition or providing the prizes. 5. Disclaimer Winners acknowledge that neither New Zealand Film Festival Trust, nor advertisers and competition sponsors accept responsibility or liability for any harm, damage, expense, loss or injury which may occur as a result of the winner claiming the prizes and/or using the prizes. Winners shall accept and use the prizes at their own risk.