https://www.artvilla.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Menu
Art
Free Online Art Lessons
How to Draw People
How To Paint Abstract Art
How to Paint Impressionism like Monet
How to Paint Landscapes
How to Paint Portraits
Waldemar Januszczak Art Documentaries
Docs Movies and TV
Famous Renaissance Artists
Impressionist Artists
Post Impressionist Artists
Cubist Artists
Modern Artists
Modern Art Paintings
Modern Art By
Poetry
Robin Ouzman Hislop
Poetry Videos
Seymour Shubin
Joan Pond
Dandelion De La Rue
Plath
Bukowski
Elisha Porat
David Michael Jackson Poems
Famous Poems
Music
Music Lessons
Women Jazz Musicians
Norman Tween
Search
Search Artvilla with Google
Submissions and Contact
Poetry Life and Times
Contributors
1998 Archive
Wordplay
Free MP3’s
Chris Carmichael
Janet Kuypers
Olde Artvilla
Privacy Policy
Who We Are
Artvilla.com is an Ezine
Artvilla.com is an LLC in Tennessee
For any privacy-related questions, you can reach us at editors@artvilla.com
Who We Share Your Data With
We do not sell our users’ private personal information.
We use third-party services (data processors) across our site. We list the specific third-parties in use (with links to their privacy policies) in the sections below.
We disclose potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to our employees and contractors that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on our behalf or to provide services, We will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone.
We may be required to disclose an individual’s personal information in response to a lawful request by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
If we ever were to engage in any onward transfers of your data with third parties for a purpose other than which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized, we would provide you with an opt-out choice to limit the use and disclosure of your personal data.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. We use cookies across our site to help identify and track visitors, their usage of our services, and their website access preferences. We describe the specific cookies used in the sections below. Visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using our websites, with the drawback that certain features may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
What Personal Data We Collect And Why We Collect It
Registered Users
If you create an account on our site, you will be prompted to select a Username and provide your Email Address. When choosing a Username, we strongly advise you not use or include your real name. Usernames cannot be changed.
Your Username and Email Address are stored in the website’s database. Your Email Address is used to send you an email with a link to set your password or to send you an email with a link to reset your password in the event you forget your password.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) is provided to the Gravatar service to see if a Profile picture of you is available for display. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy.
You may optionally complete your Profile by providing your First Name, Last Name, Website (URL) and/or Biographical info. These additional details are also saved in the website’s database. You may edit these details, and your Email Address, in your Profile at any time. You may also choose how your name is displayed (your Display Name) to visitors to the site (e.g. in comments you create) in your Profile.
Your Username, First Name, Last Name and Email Address are accessible by employees on the site.
If you attempt to log in to our site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies at all. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
For users that register on our site, we also store the data they provide in their profile indefinitely. All registered users can see, change or delete most of that data at any time except their login name/nickname.
Publishing Content (Comments, Pages, Posts, Forums)
Your Profile Picture (Gravatar), Display Name, Website (URL) (if any) and Biographical Info (if any) may be visible to visitors to the website (e.g. if you leave a comment, forum post, or contribute an article/post).
If you author an article/post, your Username, User ID, Profile Picture (Gravatar), Display Name, Website (URL) (if any) and Biographical Info (if any) are provided to any visitor using the website’s REST API interface.
If you upload media (e.g. images) to the website (in forums, posts, or comments), you should avoid uploading images with EXIF GPS location data included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data included in images on the website. Visitors using the website’s REST API interface can correlate uploaded media to a particular user. This may allow such visitors to map a user to a particular time and location if EXIF GPS location data was included in the uploaded media.
If you edit or publish an article/post, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
When visitors leave comments on one of our sites we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
Comments may require manual approval by one of our employees or site owners. If you leave a comment on a site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies so we can recognise you as a commenter. These cookies will persist for one year.
Additional spam detection is provided by CleanTalk. The Automattic privacy policy is available here https://cleantalk.org/publicoffer#privacy:
Published content and comments are stored indefinitely unless deletion/removal is requested by the original author.
All forum posts and replies are public. When you create a topic or a reply, we collect your logged in account data, and the IP address where the post came from. The IP address is only visible to our support staff. You can edit or delete your existing posts/topics at any time.
Email/Contact Forms
We use Google/G Suite to process all internal email and communication with our customers. Google’s privacy policy is available here: https://policies.google.com/privacy.
Customers that email us, or use any of the contact forms on our websites, will have their email address, IP address, and any data provided in the contact form or body of the email stored in G Suite archives.
Embedded Content From Other Websites
Embeds are pieces from other websites that are shown from time to time on our websites. They behave in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website and may use cookies or capture information. Typically embedded content is from websites that share videos, images, or other content. These services may collect your IP Address, your User Agent, store and retrieve cookies on your browser, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including correlating your interaction with the content with your account with that service, if you are logged in to that service.
Links to the privacy policies of the most common services have been included below.
Facebook
Imgur
Instagram
Photobucket
PollDaddy
Reddit
Scribd (US)
SlideShare (LinkedIn)
Twitter
VideoPress
Vimeo
WordPress Plugin Directory
WordPress.tv
Google)
*YouTube API
By using Artvilla.com and watching videos you are agreeing to be bound by the YouTube Terms of Service.
We use software in our blogs by Tubepress and we use a standalone version in our static pages of the Tubepress software. This software uses our Google API to publish video galleries from YouTube. We adhere to theTubepress Privacy Policy and to their Terms of Service as it relates to our use of the YouTube API.
Analytics
We use Google Analytics for tracking visitors and aggregating information about the traffic to our websites. The Google Analytics privacy policy can be found here: https://policies.google.com/privacy. You can learn more about how to opt-out of tracking in Google Analytics here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/.
We’ve turned on the IP Anonymization feature in Google Analytics. You can learn more about this here: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/2763052?hl=en
Marketing Campaigns
We use email marketing to communicate with customers and potential customers from time to time. All email lists and campaigns are “opt-in” meaning we will not send you these sorts of emails unless you indicated that you wish to receive them during signup or other interactions on our website.
We may send you “system” emails, such as password reset requests or payment notifications/receipts even if you have not opted-in to email marketing lists.
All marketing emails sent by us will include an unsubscribe link in the footer of the email. Emails sent to you may also include standard tracking, including open and click activities.
We use MailChimp for email marketing. Mailchimp’s privacy policy is found here: https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/.
We may utilize social media and web advertising campaigns. These service providers use cookies on our sites and/or pixel tracking to serve ads across the different platforms.
Google AdSense & DoubleClick: https://policies.google.com/privacy
Twitter: https://twitter.com/en/privacy
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
Paying Customers
For payment transactions, we use PayPal and Square. PayPal’s privacy policy can be found here: https://www.paypal.com/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full. Square’s privacy policy can be found here: https://squareup.com/legal/privacy
If you purchase using PayPal, we ask for:
Email Address: So we can deliver our products and contact you if needed.
First Name: To personalize your account experience.
Username: So you can log in to your account to ask questions or download our products.
Billing Country: For tax purposes.
Billing Province: If you live in Canada, we need to know which province you live in for tax purposes.
If you purchase using your credit card, we ask for all of the above, and:
Credit Card Information: So we can process your payment. This data is sent to Square, and is never stored on our server.
Billing City and Zip/Posal Code: To verify your credit card purchase.
You’re also asked if you’d like to receive email updates and news. If you check this box, your information will be added to our MailChimp list.
Web Services
All web servers and hosting are managed by Godaddy. This includes website hosting, backups, web databse, file storage, APIs, and log files. Godaddy’s’s privacy policy can be found here: https://www.godaddy.com/Agreements/Privacy.aspx
License Keys and Automatic Updates
What Rights You Have Over Your Data
If you are a registered user or have left comments on our site you can request to see or download the data we have about you.
Typically for visitors that have left comments, the data will be their email address, any IP addresses assigned to them at the time of leaving the comments and the user agent strings of the browsers they used. The rest of the data is public as published by the visitors.
For registered users or paying customers, this will also include profile information and download/payment histories.
You can also request “to be forgotten” and we will erase any personally identifiable data we have about you. Of course, this excludes data we need for administrative or security purposes or if we are required by law to retain some of the data.
You may edit or delete any post or topic you make in our support forums at any time.
An individual who seeks access, or who seeks to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data, should direct his/her query to editors@artvilla.com.
How We Protect Your Data
The security and reliability of our service is our number one priority.
See wordpress.org/about/security for details on the security of the WordPress core itself.
Prevention is best when it comes to security, and as a first step, we follow all WordPress Code Standards in the plugins that we build and use.
All staff only have access to systems that are directly required to complete the functions of their job.
All staff (including any contractors) undergo initial training to ensure proper understanding of all security-related processes.
What Data Breach Procedures We Have In Place
Should any event occur where customer data has been lost, stolen, or potentially compromised, our policy is to alert our customers via email no later than 48 hours of our team becoming aware of the event. We will also report such incident to any required data protection authority. We will work closely with any customers affected to determine next steps such as any end-user notifications, needed patches, and how to avoid any similar event in the future.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Artvilla.com may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Artvilla.com’s sole discretion.
Changelog
3/4/2020
Added YouTube data API
Added Tubepress links
Get our Newsletter
Email address:
Leave this field empty if you're human: Meta Log in
Thank you to those who have supported our efforts by shopping with our advertising partner via our links.
Search Artvilla
Privacy PolicyTerms of Use