http://www.mainevent.com.au/terms-of-use
Events
All Events UFC Boxing WWE Entertainment Past Events
How to Watch
Videos
All Videos UFC Boxing WWE Entertainment
FAQs
Order Now
PRIVACY POLICY
Terms Of Use
Introduction
This Web Site is owned and operated by MAIN EVENT Television Pty Ltd, ABN 58 083 297 634 ('MAIN EVENT, we, our, us') and materials on site are owned, for the most part, by MAIN EVENT. The Web Site may also include materials owned by third parties and posted on the Web Site by virtue of a license, grant, or some other form of agreement between the party and MAIN EVENT.
Access to the contents of this Site is conditional upon your acceptance and compliance with these Terms and Conditions, which should be read together with the Privacy Policy that appears on this Site.
Your use of the Site shall be deemed to mean that you have read and agree with these Terms and Conditions and the Privacy Policy.
All persons under the age of 18 years must obtain the consent of their parent or legal guardian before using the Site.
If you have any questions, comments or problems with this Web Site please Contact Us. MAIN EVENT reserves the right to modify or amend this Agreement without notice at any time. It is therefore important that you read this page regularly to ensure you are updated as to any changes. If you become aware of misuse of this Site by any person, please Contact Us with your concerns.
Intellectual Property
This Site and all its constituent contents including its text, information, design, graphics, software and all material appearing on the Site ('Works') are the copyright of MAIN EVENT unless otherwise stated and in certain cases may be protected by trademark law. You may not use any of the Works in any way without first obtaining the prior written permission of MAIN EVENT.
Trademarks
The MAIN EVENT trademarks used or referred to in this Web Site are trademarks of MAIN EVENT Television Pty Limited. Other product and company names mentioned in the Web Site may be the trademarks of other people or entities.
You must not use any of MAIN EVENT trade marks in any way, including but not limited to:
in or as the whole or part of your own trade marks
in connection with activities, products or services which are not ours
in a manner which may be confusing, misleading or deceptive
in a manner that disparages us or our information, products or services (including the Web Site) governing law
You are also strictly prohibited from creating works or materials that derive from or are based on the materials contained in this Web Site including, without limitation, fonts, icons, link buttons, wallpaper, desktop themes, on-line postcards and greeting cards and unlicensed merchandise. This prohibition applies regardless of whether the derivative materials are sold, bartered or given away.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify MAIN EVENT and hold MAIN EVENT indemnified from and against any and all actions, liabilities, claims, costs and expenses (including reasonable legal costs and expenses) arising out of your use of the Site or any breach of these Terms and Conditions by you.
Linked Sites
The Web Site may contain hyperlinks to web sites of people other than MAIN EVENT. Those links are provided for convenience and may not remain current or is maintained.
Except as expressly stated on the Web Site, MAIN EVENT:
a. is not responsible for any content on those linked web sites; and b. has no control over or rights in those linked web sites.
Terms and conditions of entry for any promotions or competitions on the Web Site will appear with that competition/promotion and you should read those in conjunction with these general terms.
Disclaimer
MAIN EVENT provides no guarantee that the information on this Site is accurate or that this Site is free from defects, including but not limited to computer viruses and you agree that by using this Site, you accept all risk and any associated costs incurred.
Unless otherwise permitted by law, MAIN EVENT, its related bodies corporate and all their directors, employees and/or agents will not be liable for any loss, claims, damages or expenses (including legal expenses) arising out of or in connection with any use of this Site including but not limited to indirect, incidental, special and all consequential damages or loss of profits or opportunity to any person even if such loss or damages were reasonably foreseeable. If this provision is unenforceable in whole or in part in any jurisdiction due to relevant laws in that jurisdiction then in no event will the liability of MAIN EVENT to you for any damages, losses, claims or otherwise exceed the amount paid by you, if any, for accessing this Site.
Unless otherwise permitted by law, MAIN EVENT's liability (if any) for any breach of a condition or warranty implied by any relevant state or federal law in Australia which cannot be excluded is limited to any of the following as solely determined by MAIN EVENT:
In the case of goods, the replacement of the goods, repair of the goods, supply of equivalent goods, payment of the costs of repairing the goods, or of arranging equivalent goods; or in the case of services, supply of the services again or payment of the costs of having the services supplied again.
We are not liable to you or anyone else if interference with or damage to your computer systems occurs in connection with use of the Web Site or a linked web site. You must take your own precautions to ensure that whatever you select for your use from the Web Site is free of viruses or anything else (such as worms or trojan horses) that may interfere with or damage the operations of your computer systems.
The information on the Web Site is not comprehensive and is intended only to provide a summary of the subject matter covered. Except to the extent implied by applicable law that cannot be excluded or limited, MAIN EVENT makes no warranty regarding the information on the Web Site. You must make your own assessment of it and rely on it wholly at your own risk.
We may, from time to time and without notice, change or add to the Web Site (including its terms of use) or the information, products or services described in it. However, we do not undertake to keep the Web Site updated. We are not liable to you or anyone else if errors occur in the information on the Web Site or if that information is not up-to-date.
General
This licence constitutes the entire agreement between MAIN EVENT and you regarding your use of the Site and your grant of all rights in any Works submitted to MAIN EVENT. No waiver of any breach of these Terms and Conditions shall be deemed a waiver of any other breach of the same or any other term.
If any provision of these Terms and Conditions is held to be unlawful, invalid, unenforceable or in conflict with any law or ordinance in Australia any such provision will to the necessary extent be severed from this Agreement, as applicable, and the remaining provisions will not be affected. Your indemnity and assignment of all rights in the any Works submitted to MAIN EVENT will survive termination of these Terms and Conditions. The laws of New South Wales, Australia, govern these Terms and Conditions and any dispute shall be subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of New South Wales.
MAIN EVENT Reserves the right to immediately terminate your use of, or access to, this Web Site at any time if MAIN EVENT decides at its sole discretion that you have breached this Agreement or any relevant law, rule or regulation or you have engaged in conduct that MAIN EVENT considers to be inappropriate or unacceptable.
All Events Are Subject To Chance
MAIN EVENT reminds subscribers that with Live Events by their very nature, not only are the outcomes unknown, but we cannot guarantee the appearance of any entertainer, boxer or wrestler whether advertised as appearing at an Event or not.
MAIN EVENT will always endeavour to advise subscribers of any changes we become aware of to the advertised line up for an Event but as Events are Live and supplied by 3rd parties the appearance of a particular entertainer, boxer or wrestler is always subject to change.
© Main Event About Us Privacy Terms of Use Contact Us Site by Chook