https://www.clir.org/privacy
Privacy
Home
/ Privacy
The Council on Library and Information Resources websites (collectively “CLIR” in this document) refer to sites hosted on the clir.org, diglib.org, leadingchangeinstitute.org, digital-conferences-calendar.info, and other related domains and subdomains thereof.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, CLIR collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. CLIR’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how visitors use its websites. From time to time, CLIR may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
CLIR also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. CLIR does not use such information to identify its visitors, however, and does not disclose such information, other than as described below.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to CLIR’s websites choose to interact with CLIR in ways that require CLIR to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that CLIR gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who participate in our forums to provide a username and email address. In each case, CLIR collects information only insofar as it necessary to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with CLIR’s websites. CLIR does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. Visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
CLIR may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. For instance, CLIR may reveal how many times a particular publication was downloaded, or how many votes a particular Forum proposal obtained. However, CLIR does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
CLIR discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors, and affiliated organizations that (1) need to know that information in order to process it on CLIR’s behalf or to provide services available by CLIR, and (2) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors, and affiliated organizations may be located outside of visitors’ home countries; by using CLIR’s websites, visitors consent to the transfer of such information to those parties.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. CLIR uses cookies to help its websites identify and track visitors, their usage of websites, and their website access preferences. Visitors to CLIR’s websites who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using CLIR’s websites. Certain features of CLIR’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, CLIR may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and at CLIR’s sole discretion. CLIR encourages visitors to check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Visitors’ continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute their acceptance of such changes.