http://www.gypsysoul.com/privacy-policy
HOMESHOWS & DATESMUSIC/SHOPBIOPRESSPress KitINTERNATIONALFANSLINKSPress Tear SheetsPHOTOSBOOKINGCONTACTPrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes how your data and/or personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or make a purchase from https://www.gypsysoul.com, referred to herein as "Our Site"
What personal info do we collect?
We track a variety of information when you interact with Our Site, opt-in to the email list, and/or make a purchase. A breakdown of this information is below:
Pixels & Basic Analytics Tracking
When you visit Our Site, like most websites, analytics software automatically collects certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse Our Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to Our Site, and information about how you interact with Our Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as “Device Information.”
In plain language: yes, we use cookies, and yes, we use tracking pixels (from Google Analytics, Facebook)
We do not alter Our Site’s data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser. If you want to stay totally anonymous online, please use a VPN and/or an incognito browser window. To better control the personal information that is tracked online, we also suggest checking out apps like Privacy Badger.
Email Marketing
If you choose to “opt in” to our email list, we collect your name and email — or at least, we collect whatever name and email you put into the opt-in box. For our email list, we currently use FanBridge.
The emails we send you ALWAYS contain an unsubscribe link at the very bottom if you no longer wish to receive correspondence from us.
Making Purchases
When you make a purchase or attempt to make a purchase through Our Site, we collect certain information from you for the sake of delivering your purchase.
This information includes your name, billing address, payment information (e.g. credit cards), email address, and phone number.
How do we use this data or personal information?
For the billing and order information we collect when you make a purchase, here is what we do with it:
We use the information to fulfill the order and depending what it is, you will either receive access to a digital product or we'll send you a physical product.
Our purchases are processed through PayPal. You can read PayPal's Privacy Policy here. They screen our orders for potential risk or fraud. (For example, if you use a credit card from Canada, but your IP address tells us your device is on the other side of the world, that can flag the order as being at risk.) Basically, after you enter your credit card info and click to submit the order, PayPal sends us the payment information. We have no access to your credit card information. If the payment has gone through, we know it’s safe to send you your product.
When you make a purchase in person at a show, we use Square and have no access to your credit card information as soon as the transaction is completed. Here is Square's Privacy Policy.
Sharing Your Personal Information
As you can see from the above, we share your Personal Information with the third parties above to help us use your Personal Information as described above. For example, we use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site.
Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.
EU Residents
If you are a European resident, you have specific rights related to your personal information and privacy, per the new GDRP guidelines:
The right to be informed. The right of access. The right to rectification. The right to erasure. The right to restrict processing. The right to data portability. The right to object. Rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling.
Please see this webpage from ico.org.uk for an explanation summary of some of these rights. If you would like your data “rectified” or erased, please contact us here or by email at band [at] gypsysoul.com or by regular mail using the details provided below:
Gypsy Soul
P.O. Box 792,
Jacksonville,
OR 97530.
Additionally, if you are a European resident, note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through Our Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, to the United States.
Other Notes:
Data Retention
When you place an order through Our Site, we will maintain your Order Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.
Minors
Please note that Our Site has no way to screen minors or block them.
Changes
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons (such as the recent GDPR changes, or updates to our business processes).
Contact Us
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at band [at] gypsysoul.com or by mail using the details provided below:
Gypsy Soul
P.O. Box 792,
Jacksonville,
OR 97530