http://www.artscouncil.org.uk/cookie-policy
Skip to main content
Skip to search
Got a spare 10 minutes to help us improve our website?I'll do itNo thanks
HomeCookies and privacy policy
Cookies and privacy policy
Share this page
Why we use cookies
We use cookies on our website to understand more about our users and to improve their experience across our website.  The purposes for which they are used, are set out below:
We use cookies on our website to recognise a computer when a user visits the website
track users as they navigate the website
improve the website's usability
analyse the use of the website
administer the website
prevent fraud
improve the security of the website
personalise the website for our users.
What are cookies
A cookie is a file containing an identifier a string of letters and numbers that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
Cookies may be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.  Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
Cookies can be used by web servers to identify and track users as they navigate different pages on a website and identify users returning to a website.
Analytics cookies
We use Google Analytics Universal to analyse the use of our website.  Our analytics service provider generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies.
The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of our website. It can also be used to help improve Google's products and services. Our analytics service provider's privacy policy is available at: http://www.google.com/policies/privacy.
Managing your cookies settings
Most browsers allow you to changing your settings and preferences for cookies.  Use the links below to take a look at individual browser settings:
Internet explorer - our website only supports IE9 or above
Chrome
Firefox
Safari
Safari (IOS)
Blackberry
Windows phone
If you are using a browser we have not included above please refer to their website and support services.
Privacy Policy
We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors the privacy and cookies policy below explains how we will treat your personal information.
Word | PDF