https://www.textilesociety.org.uk/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Personal Data
We process personal data so that we can keep members up to date with the services we offer.
We hold your name, postal and email addresses, and phone number. We only disclose this information to third parties to facilitate distribution of our newsletter and annual journal and we obtain an undertaking that the information has been deleted after use. We keep this data while your membership is active and delete it if you do not renew.
You can access the secure Members Area to see the data we hold about you. The lawful basis on which we keep this information is your express consent for us to do so. You can withdraw your consent at any time by updating the information in your membership account.
If you believe we have mishandled your personal data you can lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner (www.ico.org.uk).
FAQs
What data does the Textile Society hold about members?
The Textile Society holds the names, postal and email addresses and phone numbers of subscribing members.
Where does the information held about Textile Society members come from?
The information held by the Textile Society comes directly from members during the joining process, or from correspondence received after becoming a member (e.g. updating contact details).
What does the Textile Society do with the information it holds about members?
The Textile Society uses member contact information to provide membership services, which include distributing News, the newsletter, and Text, the annual journal, along with information about events, the AGM and annual conference, bursaries and awards, the research symposium and other opportunities.
How long does the Textile Society keep the information it holds about members?
The Textile Society retains your name and contact details for the duration of your membership. If you do not renew your membership your information is deleted after one month.
Does the Textile Society share membership information with anyone?
The Textile Society does not share the information it holds about members except to distribute Text, the annual journal, and the printed version of News, the newsletter (if you have opted to receive a printed copy) when the mailing lists are sent to the printers. The printers are required to destroy this information after each distribution.
How do I provide consent for the Textile Society to hold information about me and/or contact me?
You have been asked to grant your express consent at the point of membership, to allow us to provide your membership services. Your preferences and contact details can be updated in your membership account, accessed through the secure Members area of the website.
Do I have the right to withdraw consent?
Yes. You can withdraw your consent through your membership account or by emailing the Membership Secretary. You can also opt out of receiving emails and the digital version of News, the Textile Society newsletter, which are distributed via Mailchimp, by clicking ‘unsubscribe’ at the bottom of the email received.
What happens if I do not consent?
We will not be able to contact you. However, you are still allowed to contact us! So if you lose or misplace your membership information but still want to hear from the Textile Society, please get in touch with us via the Membership Secretary. We are allowed to reply when you initiate contact with us!
How do I contact the Membership Secretary?
The Membership Secretary’s email is: membership@textilesociety.org.uk
Membership
Members’ Area
Join
Membership Benefits
Social
Instagram
Facebook
Twitter
Mailing List