http://www.bexsimon.com/terms/
Website Usage Terms and Conditions
Welcome to our bexsimon.com website. If you continue to browse and use this website you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern BexSimon Limited’s relationship with you in relation to this website.  The term ‘Bex Simon’, ‘Bex Simon Limited’ or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the owner of the website whose registered office is 35 Ballards Lane, London, N3 1XW.  Our company is registered in England (registration number is 07214627). The term ‘you’, ‘user’ or ‘customer’ refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
1. The information in the pages of this website is provided by Bex Simon Limited and is for your general information use only. We endeavour to keep the information up to date and correct, but we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the information, products, services, prices or related graphics contained on the website for any purpose.
2. You acknowledge that the information and materials on this website may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law. Any reliance you place on such information and materials is therefore strictly at your own risk and your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
3. The website, the information in its pages, the products, specifications and prices are subject to change without notice.
4. In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of, or in connection with, the use of this website.
5. From time to time this website may also include links to other websites which are not under the control of BexSimon Limited. We have no control over the nature, content and availability of those sites. The inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within them. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information.
6. Copyright notice
i) This website and its content is copyright of Bex Simon Limited – © Bex Simon Limited  2000-2018. All rights reserved.
ii) This website contains material which is owned by us or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, intellectual property, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Copying or reproduction are prohibited other than in accordance with this copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
iii)  All trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property of, or licensed to the operator, are acknowledged on the website.
iv)  Any redistribution or reproduction of part or all of the contents in any form is prohibited other than the following:
a) you may print or download to a local hard disk extracts for your personal and non-commercial use only
b) you may copy the content to individual third parties for their personal use, but only if you acknowledge the website as the source of the material
c) you may not, except with our express written permission, distribute or commercially exploit the content. Nor may you transmit it or store it in any other website or other form of electronic retrieval system.
7. You may not create a link to this website from another website or document without Bex Simon Limited’s prior written consent.
8. Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
9. Every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly. However, Bex Simon Limited takes no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control.
10. Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of England and Wales.
PRIVACY POLICY
PLEASE READ CAREFULLY, IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THESE TERMS, YOU ARE ADVISED NOT TO USE THE WEBSITE
This policy was last updated: 2nd June 2018
Use of this website, https://www.bexsimon.com/ constitutes your legal agreement to the terms within this policy and your acceptance of this policy is deemed to occur upon your first use of the website.
Bex Simon Ltd may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page before using the website to ensure that you are aware of and accept any changes.
About this Policy
Bex Simon Ltd understands that your privacy is important to you and that you care about how your personal data is used and shared online. This privacy policy sets out how Bex Simon Ltd collects and processes your personal data.
We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that personal information is safeguarded and kept in accordance with the law. By providing us with your data, you warrant that you are over 16 years of age.
About Us
Bex Simon Ltd is registered in England and Wales under company registration number 07214627. Our registered office address is 35 Ballards Lane, London, N3 1XW.
Where we manage personal data, we identify as a Data Controller and recognise and act on our obligations under applicable data protection laws. For any issues relating to data protection the person responsible is David Harris.
What personal data do we collect?
Information that you provide to us is retained and processed in accordance with UK data protection legislation. This includes data given to us from the following:
Contact: We have a Contact Form, and this is used to collect your name, email and phone number as well as your message, so that we can contact you and provide details of our services to you, make bookings, confirm bookings and deal with general company enquiries. Data is held on the grounds of being legitimate to our business interests.
Emails: We retain copies of emails sent to us on our servers in order to communicate with you and respond to messages sent to us. All personal information we receive, and process will be held by us in accordance with this Privacy Policy and will be on the basis of being legitimate to our business interests.
Phone calls: Phone calls to us may be recorded and any data relating to the call may be retained by us. The data will be held on the basis of being for our legitimate business needs or in order to fulfil our contractual obligations if you are a client of ours.
Social media: We use social media to engage with users and link to our Facebook page. We do not keep any specific data that identifies you as an individual user but hold details of our followers on these platforms. You should refer to the Privacy Policies of these channels to understand how they treat your data in relation to linking to our site.
Facebook:            https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Twitter:                https://twitter.com/en/privacy
Pinterest:             https://policy.pinterest.com/en-gb/privacy-policy
Instagram:           https://help.instagram.com/519522125107875?helpref=page_content
If you send us a direct message via social media, the details may be retained by us only as relevant to any ongoing contract or to further our legitimate business interests or as required for legal purposes. The third-party provider may also retain details in accordance with their Privacy Policy.
Special categories of data
Some of the information you provide to us may be considered sensitive personal data which includes information about a data subjects health or disabilities. All such data will be treated as confidential where appropriate and suitable safeguards of the data will be used.
Children
We do not market this website at those under 18 years old. Consistent with the GDPR we will never knowingly request personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 16 years old.
We will take appropriate steps to delete any personal data of individuals less than 16 years of age that has been collected on our website upon learning of the existence of such data.
Information we get from other sources
From time to time, we may need to obtain information from third parties about you. This will only apply where it is necessary to provide our services and as permitted by law.
3rd Parties
We use Google Analytics for website tracking. We do not control the use of personal data provided to third parties and you should refer to their separate policies:
You can view the Privacy Policy for Google Analytics at: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-GB&gl=uk
How do we use your data?
We may use the information we collect from you in the following ways:
To personalise the content and your experience of the website;
To allow us to respond to communications sent to us;
To send you email notifications which you have specifically requested;
To provide third parties with statistical information about our users;
To deal with enquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to the website.
Users contacting this website, and/or its owners do so at their own discretion and provide any such personal details requested at their own risk. Your personal information is kept private and stored securely until a time it is no longer required or has no use.
Sharing Information
Disclosure
We don’t share, sell, or distribute your data to third parties, except as contractually agreed with you or as provided in this Privacy Policy.
We may disclose your personal information if we are required to do so in the following circumstances:
by law
in connection with any legal proceedings
in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights
or if otherwise legally permitted.
Data Processors
We may use Data Processors who act on our instruction in relation to the management of your data and they must adhere to all data protection laws and regulations. We will ensure that any Data Processors used only operate on our written instructions and comply with their obligations under the GDPR. You will be informed of any other Data Controllers who have access to your data and who may determine processing activities separately to us, or as a Joint Data Controller.
External links
Users of the website are advised to adopt a policy of caution before clicking on any external web links. Clicking an external link will take the user away from our website. Once you leave our website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our website’s terms and conditions. We cannot guarantee or verify the contents of any externally linked website and users click on external links at their own risk. Bex Simon Ltd and its owners cannot be held liable for any damages, or the consequences of visiting any external links.
Social media platforms
Communication, engagement and actions taken through external social media platforms that this website and its owners participate on are subject to our terms and conditions as well as the privacy policies held with each social media platform respectively.
Users are advised to use social media platforms wisely and communicate and/or engage with them with due care and caution in regard to their own privacy and personal details. This website nor its owners will not ask for personal or sensitive information through social media platforms and encourage users wishing to discuss sensitive details to contact them through primary communication channels such as by telephone or email.
Bex Simon Ltd uses social sharing buttons which help share web content directly from web pages to the social media platform in question. Users are advised that before using such social sharing buttons, that they do so at their own discretion, and should consider that the social media platform may track and save requests to share a web page, through the users’ social media platform account.
Payment processing
This website does not process customer payments for our goods and services. All payment details and sensitive information is handled by our authorised third parties. Transactions processed through a third party are not stored or processed on our servers.
Data Retention
We keep your personal information in accordance with our Data Retention Policy which reflects our needs to provide services to you as contracted and also as required to meet legal, statutory and regulatory obligations. The need to hold information is regularly reviewed and data will be disposed of when no longer required.
Data Security
Your personal data is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems and are required to keep the information confidential.
We take appropriate steps to ensure a safe processing of personal data, however, we cannot guarantee the security of data transmitted through our website or by email.  Any transmission is at your own risk.
Data Storage
Our website is hosted by Poppy Design (see www.poppydesignstudio.com). Any information that you supply to us may be stored and processed by our servers located in the EEA or another country that provides ‘adequate’ safeguards in accordance with the GDPR. Your data will only be transferred as permitted by the relevant data protection laws.
Your Rights
Bex Simon Ltd recognises a data subjects rights and will uphold these in accordance with data protection laws. You are entitled to see the information held about you and you may ask us about any of the following:
Subject access requests
Data subjects (i.e. individuals) have the right to access personal data that is held by submitting a subject access request (SAR) to Bex Simon Ltd. We will endeavour to respond quickly to any such requests, which legally require us to respond within one month of receiving the request and necessary information. A subject access request can be made by emailing us at info@bexsimon.com. Or in writing to Bex Simon Ltd, 35 Ballards Lane, London, N3 1XW.
Right to rectification
Data subjects have the right to request that we amend or change personal information that is inaccurate or incorrect.
Right to erasure
Data subjects have the right to ask us to delete personal information from our systems without giving any reason and at any time. We will act on any such request without delay.
Right to restrict processing
Data subjects have the right to rectification or erasure of personal data in the following circumstances:
Personal data is not accurate;
The processing of data is unlawful – data subjects may request that processing is restricted;
Data is required to exercise legal rights or defend legal claims;
Data is unlawful but there may be lawful grounds for processing, which override this right.
Right to data portability
Data subjects have the right to obtain and request the transfer of their data to different service providers.
Right to object
Data subjects have the right to object to the processing of data at any time based on their particular situation. This includes objecting to profiling unless it is in the ‘public interest’ or exercised lawfully by an official authority. We will only process data under lawful grounds.
Right not to be subject to decisions based on automated processing
We do not use any automated processing that results in any automated decision based on a data subject’s personal information.
Using your rights
If you wish to invoke any of these rights, you should contact the person responsible for data protection by emailing us at info@bexsimon.com.
Data Breaches
We will report any unlawful breach of data as required by the GDPR within 72 hours of the breach occurring, if it is considered that there is an actual, or possibility, that data within our control including the control of our data processors, has been compromised. If the breach is classified as ‘high risk’ we will notify all data subjects concerned using an appropriate means of communication. We will report any relevant breaches to the ICO, see below.
Other Important Information
Questions and queries
If you have any concerns about how we handle your data, you can contact the Data Controller by email to info@bexsimon.com.
Changes to this policy
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website.
You will be deemed to have accepted any changes to the terms of the privacy policy on your next visit of the website following the amendment.
Complaints
If you want to raise a concern about the use of your data, you can contact us by email to info@bexsimon.com. Alternatively, you can formally raise a concern or complaint to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) directly on 0303 123 1113, or see the options for reporting issues on https://ico.org.uk/concerns/
No Waiver
No failure or delay by us in exercising any of our rights in accordance with this Privacy Policy or our terms and conditions shall be deemed to be a waiver of that right, and no waiver of a breach of any provision of the Agreement shall be deemed to be a waiver of any subsequent breach of the same or any other provision.
Severance
If one or more of the provisions of this Privacy Policy or our terms and conditions is found to be unlawful, invalid or otherwise unenforceable, those provision(s) shall be deemed severed from the remainder of these terms and conditions and shall remain enforceable.
Third Party Rights
The terms of this Privacy Policy shall not confer rights on any third parties and accordingly the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act shall not apply.
Jurisdiction and Governing Law
The terms of this Privacy Policy and all disputes, whether contractual or otherwise, arising out of or in connection with the policy are governed by and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of England & Wales and each party submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.