http://www.ulib.csuohio.edu/information/rules/privacy.html
Jump to page contents
Library Home
CONTINUITY OF LIBRARY SERVICES
Research Databases
Research Guides
Scholar Catalog
Article Search
Virtual Reference Desk
Course Reserves
Textbooks
eBooks
Journals at CSU
OhioLINK Central Catalog
Interlibrary Loan
Citing Your Sources
Engaged Scholarship @ CSU
My Account
Search Library Website
Library Hours
Contact Us
Directions
Ask Your Personal Librarian
Affordable Learning @ CSU
Remote Access
Mobile Version
Blackboard
Friends of the Library
Law Library
Instructional Technology
Writing Center
Michael Schwartz Library
Cleveland State University
"We're here for you...wherever you are."
(216) 687-2479
Rhodes Tower
2121 Euclid Avenue
Cleveland, Ohio 44115-2214
Michael Schwartz Library
Privacy & Confidentiality Statement
The Michael Schwartz Library endorses the American Library Association Code of Ethics statement on privacy: "We protect each library user's right to privacy and confidentiality with respect to information sought or received and resources consulted, borrowed, acquired or transmitted."
Patron Record Confidentiality
The library keeps records of items checked out to you, or for which you owe fines or replacement costs. The library does not keep records of items that were checked out and returned by you in the past. The library computer system logs catalog searches for statistical purposes, but does not associate those searches with individual patrons.
The library complies with Ohio Revised Code Section 149.432, which restricts the disclosure of library records and patron information.
Library staff are specifically prohibited from revealing circulation information to other patrons, and are generally prohibited from using patron record information except for authorized work-related purposes. The library may be required to provide information in response to a court order or subpoena, in which case the university's attorneys will be promptly notified.
Privacy
The library sometimes needs to collect personal information about you through online forms, in order to authenticate you as a valid CSU patron or to fulfill your request for library materials. The library does not sell your information to commercial marketers.
Library servers log IP addresses and other data regarding visits to the library's websites. The library uses Google Analytics and other log-analyzing software to monitor and improve the performance of library services. Some programs will place a browser cookie on your computer, but you may choose to configure your computer to refuse cookies.
External Sites
The library's websites link to various web sites and services that are not under the library's control. The library is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of those external sites.