http://www.schirmer.com/info/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
English | Deutsch | Dansk | Espanol | Français
Who We Are
Wise Music Classical (a brand of Wise Music Group Ltd) collects, uses and is responsible for certain personal information about you. When we do so we are regulated under the General Data Protection Regulation (‘GDPR’) and we are responsible as ‘controller’ of that personal information for the purposes of those laws.
How to Contact Us
Our Data Protection Team can be contacted at 14-15 Berners Street, London W1T 3LJ or by emailing dataprotection@wisemusic.com if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the information we hold about you.
Information That We Collect
Wise Music Group Ltd processes your personal information to meet our legal, statutory and contractual obligations and to provide you with our products and services. We will never collect any unnecessary personal data from you and do not process your information in any way, other than as specified in this notice.
The personal data that we may collect from you is:
Name
Address
Email Address
Music preferences & interests
Organisation / Company Name.
Job Title
Computer IP address
We collect the information in the following ways:
When you sign up to our email newsletters on our websites.
When you create an account on our websites.
From various music industry sources in which your organisation’s details are listed.
When you share them with us at various promotional events we attend.
How We Use Your Personal Data
Wise Music Group Ltd takes your privacy very seriously and will never disclose, share or sell your data without your consent; unless required to do so by law. We only retain your data for as long as is necessary and for the purpose(s) specified in this notice. Where you have consented to us providing you with promotional offers and marketing, you are free to withdraw this consent at any time.  The purposes and reasons for processing your personal data are detailed below:
We collect your personal data in the performance of a contract or to provide a service and to ensure that orders are completed and can be sent out to your preferred address.
We collect and store your personal data as part of our legal obligation for business accounting and tax purposes.
We will occasionally send you promotional information where we have assessed that it is beneficial to you as a customer and in our interests. Such information will be non-intrusive and is processed on the grounds of legitimate interests.
Where legitimate interests does not apply and where you have provided specific consent, we will occasionally send you promotional information by email.
Your Rights
Under the GDPR you have a number of important rights free of charge. In summary, those include rights to:
access to your personal information and to certain other supplementary information that this Privacy Notice is already designed to address
require us to correct any mistakes in your information which we hold.
require the erasure of personal information concerning you in certain situations.
receive the personal information concerning you which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and have the right to transmit those data to a third party in certain situations.
object at any time to processing of personal information concerning you for direct marketing.
object to decisions being taken by automated means which produce legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affect you.
object in certain other situations to our continued processing of your personal information.
otherwise restrict our processing of your personal information in certain circumstances.
For further information on each of those rights, including the circumstances in which they apply, see the Guidance from the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) on individuals rights under the General Data Protection Regulation.
If you would like to exercise any of those rights, please email or write to our Data Protection Officer.
In addition, you can
unsubscribe from email newsletters by clicking on the ‘unsubscribe’ link at the bottom of every email newsletter.
Sharing and Disclosing Your Personal Information
We routinely share your personal information with our third party suppliers, as detailed below.
3rd Party Supplier
Data Shared
Purpose
Communicator Corporation
Name, Email Address and Musical Preferences
When you consent to join our email newsletter or withdraw that consent, we record this in our email marketing platform.
Royal Mail, UPS and Parcelforce
Name and Delivery Address
To deliver your Hire Library order, score samples and catalogues to your preferred address.
Google, Inc
IP address
For website analytics, IP address is used to help us understand from which geographical location our website visitors are coming from.
Some of those third party recipients may be based outside the European Economic Area — for further information including on how we safeguard your personal data when this occurs, see ‘Transfers Outside of the EEA’.We will share personal information with law enforcement or other authorities if required by applicable law.
We will not share your personal information with any other unrelated third party.
Safeguarding Measures
Wise Music Group takes your privacy seriously and takes every reasonable measure and precaution to protect and secure your personal data. We work hard to protect you and your information from unauthorised access, alteration, disclosure or destruction and have several layers of security measures in place, including: TLS (a secure way of transmitting data over the internet), data encryption, restricted access procedures, IT authentication & firewalls.
Transfers Outside the EEA
Wise Music Group Ltd uses some products or services (or parts of them) that may be hosted/stored in the USA which means that we may transfer any information which is submitted by you through the website outside the European Economic Area ("EEA") for the below purposes:
Web Analytics - Google, Inc
Therefore, when you use our website, the personal information you submit may be stored on servers which are hosted in the USA. Where this is the case, we will take steps to ensure that those providers use the necessary level of protection for your information to protect your data and comply with the relevant data protection laws.
Consequences of Not Providing Your Data
You are not obliged to provide your personal information to Wise Music Group. However, as this information is required for us to deliver your products, and for you to perform and otherwise license our copyrights, we will not be able to offer some/all of our services without it.
Legitimate Interests
As noted in the ‘How We Use Your Personal Data’ section of this notice, we occasionally process your personal information on the permitted basis that it is in our (and/or your) legitimate interests that we do so. In this case, we have carried out a Legitimate Interests’ Assessment (LIA) as required by GDPR to ensure that we have weighed your interests (and, in particular any risk posed to you) against our own interests, ensuring that they are proportionate and appropriate.
In conducting the LIA we have identified a legitimate interest in the promotion of our composers, songwriters and their works to music industry professionals whose organisations engage in the performance, commissioning or licensing of music. To that end we may process your personal information for the purpose of keeping you informed about news, compositions, events and premieres which are relevant to your organisation. If you disagree with our assessment or do not wish to receive that information then please contact our Data Protection Officer who will delete your data from our systems.
How Long We Keep Your Data
Wise Music Group Ltd only ever retains personal information for as long as is necessary and we have strict review and retention policies in place to meet these obligations. Where financial transactions are concerned, we are required under UK tax law to keep your basic personal data (name, address, contact details) for a minimum of 7 years after which time it will be anonymised or destroyed. We keep other data (for example, data necessary for promotional purposes) for as long as you remain a professional within the music industry or until you tell us to delete or update your data.
Where we have concluded that there is no legitimate interest, and where you have consented to receive email newsletters from us, we will keep such data until you withdraw your consent. If you do not actively withdraw your consent and you do not open an email newsletter for a period of 2 years we will deem your consent to have expired and will seek fresh consent from you before sending further email newsletters.
Lodging A Complaint
Wise Music Group Ltd only processes your personal information in compliance with this privacy notice and in accordance with the relevant data protection laws. If, however you wish to raise a complaint regarding the processing of your personal data or are unsatisfied with how we have handled your information, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority.
The supervisory authority in the UK is the Information Commissioner who may be contacted at https://ico.org.uk/concerns/
Cookie Notice and Options
A ‘cookie’ is a small piece of data sent from a website and stored on the user’s computer by the user’s web browser while the user is browsing. When you visit a site that uses cookies for the first time, a cookie is downloaded onto your computer/mobile device so that the next time you visit that site, your device will remember useful information such as items added in the shopping cart, visited pages or logging in options.Cookies are widely used in order to make websites work, or to work more efficiently, and our site relies on cookies to optimise user experience and for features and services to function properly.Most web browsers allow some control to restrict or block cookies through the browser settings, however if you disable cookies you may find this affects your ability to use certain parts of our website or services.
Cookie name
How it's used
ARRAffinity
cookies_consent
Session cookies
Google Analytics
__unam
__utma
__utmb
__utmc
__utmt
__utmz
We use Google Analytics to help us improve our website. This is a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. that provides statistics on the usage patterns and measure the site's performance
If you have any questions about this privacy policy please email them to dataprotection@wisemusic.com
Cookie Preferences
The website cannot function properly without these cookies, and can only be disabled by changing your browser preferences.
Analytics Cookies
Analytical cookies help us to improve our website by collecting and reporting information on its usage.
Sign up to our Newsletter
Enter your email address to keep up to date with the latest news and special offers from Wise Music Classical. Your data is secure and you can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy
First Name
Last Name
Email
Country
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
Argentina
Armenia
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
Brunei
Bulgaria
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Caribbean
Chile
China
Colombia
Congo (DRC)
Costa Rica
Côte d’Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Faroe Islands
Finland
France
Georgia
Germany
Greece
Greenland
Guatemala
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong SAR
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Korea
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latin America
Latvia
Lebanon
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao SAR
Macedonia, FYRO
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Mexico
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Morocco
Myanmar
Nepal
Netherlands
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Nigeria
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Réunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Somalia
South Africa
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Thailand
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Venezuela
Vietnam
World
Yemen
Zimbabwe
Interests
Orchestral
Choral
Chamber
Dance
Opera
Follow us on facebook
Wise Music Classical (London)
G. Schirmer Inc. (New York)
Edition Wilhelm Hansen (Copenhagen)
Wise Music Classical (Paris)
Follow us on twitter
G. Schirmer Inc. (New York)
Edition Wilhelm Hansen (Copenhagen)
Wise Music Classical (London)
Wise Music Classical (Paris)
Wise Music Classical (Berlin)
Follow us on instagram
Wise Music Classical (London)
Wise Music Classical (Berlin)
Follow us on youtube
Wise Music Group
Wise Music Classical (London)
G. Schirmer Inc. (New York)