http://www.orpheum.com.au/privacy-policy
Now Showing Coming Soon
Events Wurlitzer Disabled Access Pricing Vouchers & Merch Tour Contact
Now Showing
Coming Soon
Special Events
Wurlitzer Times
Disabled Access
Pricing
Vouchers & Merchandise
Tour
Contact
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY STATEMENT
Introduction:
HAYDEN THEATRES Pty Ltd, (trading as The Hayden Orpheum Picture Palace) is committed to protecting your privacy.
We are bound by the Federal Privacy Act 1988 (Privacy Act) which is an Australian law that regulates the handling of personal information about individuals. This includes the collection, use, storage and disclosure of personal information, and access to and correction of that information. This Privacy Statement explains how we use and disclose personal information which we hold about you and the privacy rights you have in relation to that information. We encourage you to check this Privacy Statement on our website regularly, as this Privacy Statement may change from time to time.
Your personal information:
The types of personal information we collect about you will depend on what services you use or products you acquire. This may include collecting your name and address, your email address, your contact address, credit card details and, where you have the option to comment on our services or products, whatever other information you choose to supply to us. We may also store your image and voice, if captured by CCTV cameras at the Theatre, or if you are filmed, recorded or photographed when you visit any areas in or around our venue (eg. auditoriums or public foyers etc), or when you attend events at the Theatre; and We may also collect and hold information about you that pertains to your attendance at any events. Hayden Theatres Pty Ltd does not collect sensitive information about anyone except as outlined in “How we deal with your personal information in relation to Employment at The Hayden Orpheum Picture Palace”
How we collect your personal information:
We collect personal information in a number of ways, including:
when you request information from us;
when you are the recipient of a gift voucher;
when you subscribe to our newsletters and mailing lists;
when you visit/attend events at The Hayden Orpheum Picture Palace;
from third parties selling tickets on our behalf, or on behalf of people staging events at The Hayden Orpheum Picture Palace;
from the organisations identified below under “When we disclose your personal information”;
from publicly available sources of information; and
when you have otherwise provide information to us.
How we use your personal information:
We may use your personal information to:
enable you to purchase tickets and merchandise, including, where applicable, to process your credit card payment transactions;
send you your tickets to events held at The Hayden Orpheum Picture Palace or to send you gift vouchers that have been purchased for you by others;
inform you if events change, or regarding refunds, exchanges where those are permitted
gain an understanding of your performing arts and arts-related interests and to enable us to research and develop our business to better accommodate those interests; and
as set out below under the headings “The Hayden Orpheum Picture Palace”
When we disclose your personal information:
From time to time, we may need to disclose your personal information to other organisations.
Those organisations carry out our:
customer enquiries;
ticket sales and distribution;
newsletters and marketing;
information technology services; or
other services relating to events at The Hayden Orpheum Picture Palace or which we organise.
In addition, we may disclose your personal information:
as permitted or required by law; and
to hirers and presenters of events at The Hayden Orpheum Picture Palace to which you have purchased tickets as set out below under the heading “Disclosure to our hirers”
Hayden Theatres Pty Ltd does not share personal information held with entities in other countries.
Marketing by The Hayden Orpheum Picture Palace:
When you create an account with us, including through our website, or when you otherwise provide us with your contact details, we will ask you whether you wish to receive information relating to us and to events that we think may be of interest to you.
Where you agree to us doing so, we may use your personal information to provide you with information relating to us and to events that we think may be of interest to you. If you later decide that you do not wish to receive marketing information from us, please let us know by updating your details online through our website, by email, or by contacting us at the address set out below under the heading “How to contact us”.
Sale of tickets through third parties:
Where a third party (such as Venue Tickets) sell tickets for events held at The Hayden Orpheum Picture Palace, the terms of that third party’s privacy policy will apply.
Those policies can usually be found on the third parties’ websites.
E.g. Venue Tickets privacy policy can be found on its website at www.venuetickets.com.au
How we deal with your personal information in relation to Employment at The Hayden Orpheum Picture Palace:
If you apply for a job with us, you may be required to provide us with certain personal information that is reasonable to your job application. This may include your name, employment and educational background, qualifications and registrations as well as other more sensitive information such as personal health history or fitness status which we may require you to provide, or which you choose to provide us, in relation to your job application. We will hold, use and disclose that information solely for the purpose of considering your application.
In particular, in considering your application, it may be necessary for us to disclose some of that information to third parties to verify the accuracy of that information.
In such circumstances, we will disclose only such information as is necessary in the circumstances. In considering your application, we may also collect personal information about you from any third parties that you nominate as your referees in your application. If your application is successful, your personal information may be updated from time to time during the course of your employment; every provision described above will continue to apply, and you, as an Employee, will be obliged to adhere to this Policy if the personal information of others comes into your hands.
How you can help us to ensure the accuracy of the personal information we hold:
We take all reasonable precautions to ensure that the personal information we collect, use and disclose is up-to-date. However, the accuracy of that personal information depends to a large extent on the information you provide to us.
To help ensure the accuracy of the personal information we hold about you, we ask that you:
let us know if you become aware of any errors in the personal information we hold about you; and
inform us of changes to your personal information, such as changes to your name or address or other contact details.
How you can access your personal information:
You have a right to access personal information that we hold about you, for review or correction purposes. This is subject to some exceptions allowed by law. A fee may be charged for people wishing to access their information.
How to contact us regarding privacy matters:
If you have any questions in relation to privacy matters, please contact our Privacy Officer via email; manager@orpheum.com.au or (02) 8969 8788. Alternatively, you can write to below.
Privacy Officer:
Hayden Theatres Pty Ltd
c/- The Hayden Orpheum Picture Palace
380 Military Rd
Cremorne, NSW 2090
Printable Session Timesclick here
JOIN THE EMAIL CLUB NEWSLETTER FOR SPECIAL DISCOUNTS
click here
Follow @haydenorpheum
Powered by
WordPress | Designed by
Elegant Themes