https://www.wpr.org/privacy-policy-and-terms-use
Skip to main content
Conditions and Forecast
Maps and Radar
Arts & Culture
Music
Film
Books
Food
Art
Digital Media
Games & Humor
More
Genre
Classical Music
Folk
Jazz
Pop Music
World Music
Music Request Forms
Classics by Request
Simply Folk
Music Series
WPR Music Blog
Wisconsin Classical
Simply Folk Interviews
The Metropolitan Opera
Grace Notes
The Odyssey Series
Classical Music Playlist
Folk Music Playlist
More
About Us
Who Are We?
Career Opportunities
Volunteering
Our First 100 Years
Travel With WPR
Contact Us
Listener Questions/Feedback
Sending News Tips
Member/Donation Questions
Regional Offices
Staff Directory
Online Community
WPR Presents - Live Events
Related Links
Stations, Schedules & Content
Stations, Schedules & Regional Studios
Network Station Maps
Improving Your Radio Reception
WPR's HD Radio Service
Live Online Streams
Smart Speakers
Audio Archives
Our Podcasts
Mobile Apps
Policies & Reports
Email Newsletters
Annual Reports
Ethical Guidelines
Social Media Guidelines
Call-In Guidelines
Open Meetings
Local Content Reports
FCC Public Inspection Files
Financial Statements
Business Sponsorship
Day Sponsor
IRA Gifts
Gifts Of Stock
Leadership Gifts
Matching Gifts
Sustaining Gifts
Vehicle Donations
Volunteer
Wills & Bequests
FAQ
Funding Information
Contact Membership Services
Donate Now
Programs
The Morning Show
The Larry Meiller Show
Central Time
Chapter A Day
BETA
PRX Remix
Garden Talk
To The Best Of Our Knowledge
University Of The Air
Zorba Paster On Your Health
All Things Considered
Fresh Air
Marketplace
Morning Edition
The Takeaway
On Point
1A / 1A Plus
Science Friday
Wisconsin Life
WPR Politics
Special Programs
Music
Morning Classics
The Midday
Classics by Request
Higher Ground with Jonathan Øverby
Simply Folk
Sunday Brunch
Wisconsin Classical
The Metropolitan Opera
Ideas Network Program Notes
All Audio Archives
Regional Programs
Newsmakers
Route 51
Simply Superior
Spectrum West
The West Side
All Current Programs
Retired Programs
All WPR News
News By Topic
Agriculture
Arts & Culture
Criminal Justice
Education
Environment
Health
Money
Politics
Science & Technology
Social Issues
Sports
All Events
Folk Events
WPR Presents
Listen Live
The Ideas Network
Program Schedule
Program Notes
NPR News & Music Network
Program Schedule
Music Playlists
All Classical Network
Program Schedule
Music Playlists
Special Events Stream
Privacy Policy
Protecting the privacy of website visitors is very important to Wisconsin Public Radio. Because we gather certain types of information about our visitors, we want to make sure you are informed of the ways in which we may and may not use the information you transmit to us when you visit us. This statement discloses the privacy practices for all WPR websites, including the Wisconsin Public Radio Association member support site.
Voluntarily-Supplied Information
We will not collect personally-identifiable information from you, other than what you supply to us on a voluntary basis. To make use of certain features on our web sites, you may need to register and provide some information as part of the registration process. The information you supply helps us offer you more personalized features, tailoring our site to your interests and making it more useful to you.
In order to participate in some activities, you may be asked to provide some personally-identifiable information so we can continually improve the services we offer. For example, WPR collects contact information, such as name and e-mail address, that visitors voluntarily submit by registering for electronic newsletters and participating online in various activities. Knowing some of your program preferences can help us send content tailored to your interests. Supplying such information is entirely voluntary.
The areas of the site in which we may collect such information, the information collected and the purpose for collecting that information are described below:
Online Pledges
WPR offers you the convenience of making membership via our website. When making an online pledge, you must provide your name, mailing address, home telephone number, contribution level and credit card or other payment information. This is the same information we ask of all contributors in order to process pledges. In addition, online contributors must also supply their e-mail addresses. You also have the option of supplying a telephone number. As with credit card transactions made over the phone or in person, your credit card information is used only for the contribution you wish to make.
We take seriously the security of your account information. WPR adheres to appropriate standard physical, electronic and managerial procedures and business practices in place to safeguard personally-identifying information. Our online pledges and other forms use a secure server and their address starts with “https.” This encrypts and protects your communication with our systems and staff. Because most e-mail is not encrypted, you should take special care in deciding what information you send to us via e-mail.
Subscription to Electronic Newsletters
WPR offers free electronic newsletters to users. These newsletters include highlights of WPR programming, daily program schedules and other information of interest to our listeners and supporters. To subscribe, you must provide your e-mail address. To remove yourself from the mailing list, follow the instructions at the bottom of any newsletter.
Feedback, Requests and Suggestions
WPR uses several e-mail forms throughout its web sites such as on our "Listener Questions/Feedback" page, our "Share a News Tip" page, and on our "Classics by Request" page. In most cases, we request your name, e-mail address and other information such as your comments, suggestions or musical requests. In addition, some forms give you the option of entering a city and state. This information is used to respond to your comments and it may be used in aggregate form for statistical purposes.
Surveys
WPR may occasionally conduct a survey with the option of participating through wpr.org. Apart from program preference information you provide, survey responses are not correlated to any personally identifying information and are used in aggregate form to help us tailor WPR's broadcast and online services to your needs.
Third Party Providers
WPR generally does not share personally-identifying information it gathers with third parties, except with certain service vendors (to the extent necessary for the vendor to provide service) that WPR carefully selects and requires to commit to the same restrictions against sharing personally-identifying information.
Anonymous Statistics and Location Based Services
All web servers automatically collect and log limited information about your computer's connection to the Internet when you visit our sites. The information allows us to make our web site more useful to our visitors. We do NOT record your name, address, phone number, e-mail address, credit card number, or any other personally-identifying information. Rather, we log some or all of the following information:
The IP or Internet Protocol Address of the machine you used to access our web site.
The date and time you visited.
The pages or files you viewed or downloaded from our site.
The browser used.
The operating system used by your computer.
The screen resolution you used to view our pages.
The amount of time you spent viewing or listening to our streaming media files.
This data DOES NOT contain any personally identifiable information. We use the data for analyzing web site traffic and making improvements for visitors to our web sites.
Tracking and Use of Cookies
To help make our sites more responsive to the needs of our visitors, we invoke a standard feature found in browser software, called a "cookie" to assign each visitor a unique, anonymous user ID that resides only on your computer. Unless you voluntarily identify yourself (through registration, for example), we won't know who you are, even if we assign a cookie to your computer. A cookie cannot read data stored on your computer.
Cookies allow WPR to remember your registration information and improve your experiences on the website.  We use cookies to help us tailor our site to your needs and to deliver a better, more personalized service. We may also use cookies to track the pages on our site visited by our users. We can build a better site if we know which pages our users are visiting and how often.
WPR also utilizes Google Analytics to gather data on visitor interaction on the WPR web site and track patterns of web use. Again, this application does not provide personally-identifying information; it allows WPR to analyze the aggregate use of its web sites through aggregate data on traffic and use patterns. Google Analytics is a common business tool for webmasters; however you can use this tool to opt out of data collection by Google Analytics.
Policies for Children
Children should always get permission from a parent or guardian before sending any information about themselves (such as their names, email addresses and phone numbers) via the web site to WPR, or anyone else. WPR services are not directed at children under the age of 13. WPR does not knowingly collect any personally-identifying information from anyone under the age of 13. WPR will remove information from our database as soon as possible should we discover that it is from a child under the age of 13. Children between the ages of 13 and 18 should get permission from a parent or guardian before registering for any services on the WPR web site. WPR will remove information from our database for a child between the ages of 13 – 18 at the child, parent or guardian’s request.
External Links
Our web pages may contain links to other commercial, non-commercial and educational sites related to our programming, projects and underwriting. Policies on these sites may vary from those of wpr.org.
We assume responsibility only for the information provided by Wisconsin Public Radio on this site. As a convenience, there are links throughout our web sites that allow you to leave WPR's sites. You should be aware that these linked sites are not under WPR control. We can make no representations to you concerning the content of these sites, nor does the fact that WPR provides a link serve as an endorsement by WPR of any of these sites. These sites, applications and services may use cookies, collect data, and use data in way that WPR would not. You should also be aware that the privacy protections afforded by the WPR web site may not be afforded by sites linked to and from the WPR sites.
Acceptance of the wpr.org Privacy Policy
By using this web site, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this WPR Online Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site. We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this policy at any time by posting an updated privacy policy on this site. Please check this page periodically for any changes. Any modifications, additions or deletions to the Privacy Policy shall be effective immediately upon posting.  Your continued use of WPR's web sites following the posting of any changes to these terms shall mean that you have accepted those changes. If you have any questions or concerns, please contact us.
Note that we may disclose personal information if we are required to do so by law or we in good faith believe that such action is necessary to (1) comply with the law or with legal process; (2) protect and defend our rights and property; (3) protect against misuse or unauthorized use of the WPR web site; or (4) protect the personal safety or property of our users or the public (among other things, this means that if you provide false information or attempt to pose as someone else, information about you may be disclosed as part of any investigation into your actions).
Contact
If you have questions, wish to correct, update or remove any of your personal information supplied through the WPR web sites or wish to opt out of any future communications from WPR, please contact us.
Terms Of Use
Introduction; Consent to Terms
Please read these Terms of Use before using wpr.org.  Wisconsin Public Radio (“WPR”) maintains this website (the “Site”), as well as its mobile applications and services, including, but not limited to Podcasts, API Content, the WPR Media Player, forums and discussions (collectively, the "WPR Services"). By accessing or using the site, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Use and the privacy policy. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy, please exit the site and do not use the WPR Services or any of their features.
These Terms of Use may be revised, amended, or supplemented by WPR without notice at any time and for any reason. Please check these Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy frequently for updates. Any modifications, additions or deletions to these Terms of Use or the Privacy Policy shall be effective immediately upon posting. Your continued use of the website following the posting of updated Terms of Use or an updated Privacy Policy will mean that you agree to those changes.
Copyrights
The contents of the WPR Services are protected by U.S. copyright laws. The contents of the WPR Services are owned by or licensed to WPR. In the case of User Materials (as defined in the "User Materials" section below), the contents are licensed to WPR by the user. You may not reproduce, distribute, republish, upload, transmit, display, prepare derivative works of, publicly perform, sell, transfer, assign, license or use for commercial purposes any copyrighted material on the WPR Services without the prior written consent of WPR, except as provided below. You may copy, share, download one copy, and print Material from this site for your personal, non-commercial use only, provided you keep intact all copyright trademark and other proprietary notices, you do not modify the content, you do not use the content in a manner that suggests WPR promotes or endorses your or any third party’s causes, products or services, or websites, and you do not use the Material in any that that is harmful to others or unlawful. To request permission for use outside of these parameters, please contact us.
Modification of the Material or use of the Material for any other purpose is a violation of WPR’s or other parties’ copyright and other proprietary rights. All rights not expressly granted in these Terms of Use are reserved to WPR.
Associated Press Materials
The following provision applies to all visitors (which shall include persons and representatives of legal entities, whether such representatives are persons or digital engines of a kind that crawls, indexes, scrapes, copies, stores or transmits digital content).  By accessing this web site or digital service, you specifically acknowledge and agree that: (i) Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistribution directly or indirectly in any medium; (ii) no Associated Press materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and non-commercial use; (iii) the Associated Press will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing; (iv) the Associated Press is an intended third party beneficiary of these terms and conditions and it may exercise all rights and remedies available to it; and (v) the Associated Press reserves the right to audit possible unauthorized commercial use of AP materials or any portion thereof at any time.
Associated Press ("AP"). For terms applicable specifically to AP content made available in the WPR Services, see the AP Notice.
Images
Images of people or places displayed on the Site are either the property of, or used with permission by, WPR.  The use of these images by you, or anyone else authorized by you, is prohibited unless specifically permitted by these Terms of Use or specific permission is provided elsewhere on this Site. Any unauthorized use of the images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.
Trademarks
Wisconsin Public Radio™, WPR®, the WPR logos and program names, and Content Provider names, logos and program names, are service marks, trademarks and trade names of WPR or its affiliated organizations. All rights are reserved by the respective owners. The use of misuse of these service marks, trademarks or any materials, except as permitted herein, is expressly prohibited and nothing stated or implied on this website confers on you a license or right under any copyright or trademark of WPR or any third party.
User Materials
Portions of this Site provide users an opportunity to submit, post, display, transmit and/or exchange information, ideas, opinions, creative works or other information to WPR or other users (“User Materials”). By using this web site you agree to abide by our social media guidelines. User Materials do not reflect the views of WPR and WPR should not be seen as endorsing any User Material in any way.  WPR shall not be liable for any User Material in violation of these Terms of Use.
We reserve the right to screen, refuse to post, remove or edit User Materials at any time and for any or no reason in our absolute and sole discretion without prior notice, although we have no duty to do so. If we elect to screen User Materials, there may be a delay in the posting of such content to allow for a review process. If we have questions about your User Materials, we have the right, but not the duty, to contact you for further information, including, for example, to verify that you own the copyright or otherwise have the rights to post the User Materials.
By posting on WPR’s discussion board you expressly grant WPR and its affiliates and assignees the right to reproduce, adapt, perform, display and distribute any such User Material in perpetuity without providing credit or payment to you.
Links to Third Party Sites and Services
The WPR website contains links to Internet sites, applications and services maintained by third parties, over which WPR has no control. WPR does not endorse the content, operators, products or services of such sites, and WPR is not responsible or liable for the content, operators, availability, accuracy, quality, advertising, products, services or other materials on or available from such sites.
API Content
WPR enables users to access certain content, including audio, text, images and other content on the WPR Services, applications and services, and other Content Provider web sites, applications and services through an application programming interface (API). Content accessed through the API ("API Content") is available to registered users only for personal, non-commercial use.
The API Content may not be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use.  Further, all links to API Content, posted on a personal website or blog, must redirect the user to the WPR Services when the user clicks on them, and all content is streamed from the originating WPR servers.  You may not insert any intermediate page, splash page or other content between the links contained within the API Content and the WPR Services.  You shall not modify any API content, headlines, links or metadata included in the API Content. You may not archive, store or cache, or enable the archiving, storage, caching or downloading of, any audio API Content.  Any other use of WPR's trademarks or service marks, the names or service marks of any API Content source, or of the API Content requires the prior written permission of WPR.
WPR may withdraw API Content from the API at any time. Upon the request of WPR, you shall promptly cease all use of, and remove from your web site(s) or other platforms, any API Content identified by WPR. WPR reserves the right to include or apply sponsorship to any API Content and to track usage of the API Content.
Podcasts
WPR provides podcasts consisting of selected audio content that is provided using an XML feed and associated audio file so that the audio file may be downloaded and played from a user's computer, mobile device or other portable listening device. Podcasts are available for personal, noncommercial use only. You may download, copy and/or transfer to a mobile or portable listening device the Podcasts for your personal, non-commercial use only, provided that you do not modify the content.
WPR Media Player
WPR offers an audio and video player for accessing audio and video content on the WPR Services (the "WPR Media Player"). The WPR Media Player may not be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use.  Further, all links to WPR media content, posted on a personal website or blog, must redirect the user to the WPR Services when the user clicks on them, and all content is streamed from the originating WPR servers.  You may not insert any intermediate page, splash page or other content between the links contained within the WPR Media Player and the WPR Services. Any other use of the WPR Media Player, or of any content contained within the WPR Media Player requires the prior written permission of WPR.
Representations; Indemnity
You represent and warrant that (a) if you submit any User Materials or personally-identifying information on or through the WPR website, you are at least 18 years of age, (b) you have obtained all clearances, releases, licenses and rights to any User Materials you submit on or through the WPR website, and (c) the User Material is not abusive, illegal, defamatory, libelous, indecent, obscene, offensive, profane, inflammatory, pornographic or threatening in any way.
You agree that you will indemnify and hold harmless WPR, its affiliates, and Content Providers and their respective directors, officers, employees, members, and licensees from any and all claims, liabilities, costs or expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising from (1) your breach of any of the above representations and warranties, (2) your use of the WPR Services, (3) the User Materials you have submitted on or through the WPR website, or (4) WPR's publication, distribution or use of such User Materials, or the authorized publication, distribution or use of your User Materials by WPR member stations, licensees, and users.
Termination
WPR reserves the right in its sole discretion to terminate or restrict your use of the Site, without notice, for any reason, and without liability to you or any third party.  You may terminate you use of, or your account on, the Site at any time.  However, you agree that you will remain personally liable for any orders that you place or charges that you incur to termination.
Disclaimer
THE WPR SERVICES AND ANY CONTENT, MATERIALS, USER MATERIALS, FEATURES OR PRODUCTS AVAILABLE OR SOLD ON OR THROUGH THE WPR SERVICES ARE AVAILABLE ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF TITLE OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. WPR DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE WPR SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE. NOR DOES WPR MAKE ANY WARRANTIES AS TO THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM USE OF THE WPR SERVICES OR ENDORSE, RECOMMEND, OR MAKE ANY WARRANTIES AS TO THE CONTENT, INFORMATION, MATERIALS, USER MATERIALS, FEATURES, SERVICES, PRODUCTS, OPINIONS, OR STATEMENTS AVAILABLE ON OR THROUGH THE WPR SERVICES OR THROUGH LINKS ON THE WPR SERVICES. USE OF THE WPR SERVICES IS ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN RISK.
CONTENT ON THE WPR SERVICES IS NOT INTENDED TO SUBSTITUTE FOR PROFESSIONAL ADVICE OF ANY KIND. IN PARTICULAR, NOTHING CONTAINED IN THE WPR SERVICES IS OR SHOULD BE CONSIDERED, OR USED AS A SUBSTITUTE FOR, MEDICAL ADVICE, DIAGNOSIS OR TREATMENT. ALWAYS SEEK THE ADVICE OF YOUR PHYSICIAN OR OTHER QUALIFIED HEALTH PROVIDER WITH ANY QUESTIONS YOU MAY HAVE REGARDING PERSONAL HEALTH OR MEDICAL CONDITIONS. NEVER DISREGARD OR AVOID PROFESSIONAL MEDICAL ADVICE OR DELAY IN SEEKING IT BECAUSE OF SOMETHING YOU HAVE READ ON THE WPR SERVICES.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
IN NO EVENT WILL WPR, ITS DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, MEMBERS OR THIRD PARTY PROGRAM PRODUCERS AND CONTENT PROVIDERS BE LIABLE (A) FOR ANY INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE WPR SERVICES, (B) RELATING TO ANY CONTENT OR PRODUCTS AVAILABLE OR SOLD ON OR THROUGH THE WPR SERVICES, OR (C) IN CONNECTION WITH ANY THIRD PARTY CONTENT OR MATERIALS (INCLUDING USER MATERIALS) OR THE DEFAMATORY, INFRINGING, OFFENSIVE OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY. IN NO EVENT WILL WPR, ITS DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, MEMBERS OR CONTENT PROVIDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY AMOUNT IN EXCESS OF $100.
Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) Notices
WPR respects the intellectual property rights of others. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement by any content or material on the WPR website, please provide the following information in writing to WPR's Copyright Agent (see 17 U.S.C. Section 512(c)(3) for further detail):
1.      a physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright.
2.     a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed.
3.     a description of the material that you claim to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information sufficient to permit us to locate the material.
4.     information so that we can contact you, such as address, telephone number and e-mail address.
5.     a statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
6.     a statement that the information in the notification is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that you are the copyright owner or are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of a copyright that is allegedly infringed.
WPR's Copyright Agent can be reached as follows:
Heather Reese
821 University Avenue
Madison, WI 53706
Phone: (608) 265-2302
Email: dmca@vilas.uwex.edu
Applicable Law & Jurisdiction
These Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed under Wisconsin law, without regard to its choice of law rules, and, where applicable, the laws of the United States. To the extent permissible by law, any disputes under these Terms of Use or relating to the WPR Services shall be litigated in the local or Federal courts located, and you hereby consent to personal jurisdiction and venue, in the state of Wisconsin. A modification or waiver of a part of these Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver or modification of any other portion of the Terms of Use. If for any reason any provision of these Terms of Use is found unenforceable, that provision will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible, and the remainder of the Terms of Use will continue in full force and effect.
Sponsored by:
Become a WPR Sponsor
WPR News
Advocate Aurora Health Preparing To Vaccinate Staff Against COVID-19 Next Week
'Why Didn't He Ask For Help?': Questions Haunt Parents As Pandemic, Fentanyl Drive Spike In Opioid Deaths
Marquette University To Cut 225 Faculty And Staff Positions By July 2022
Wisconsin School Property Taxes Rise After Another Successful Year For Referendums
Coronavirus Vaccines: What We Know So Far
More WPR News
Sponsored by:
Become a WPR Sponsor
Subscribe To WPR Newsletters
Keep updated on the latest news and information. Sign up now!
Morning Top Headlines
Afternoon Top Headlines
Email Address (required)
See the newsletter archives