http://www.lyricopera.org/about-lyric-opera/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Help share the power of music. Support Lyric.
Close
About Lyric Opera of Chicago
Lyric Opera of Chicago privacy policy
Lyric Opera of Chicago privacy policy
Effective Date: May 23, 2019
How Our Privacy Policy Applies
Lyric Opera of Chicago (“we,” “us,” or “Lyric”) is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, and disclose the Personal Information you may provide to us when you access or use www.lyricopera.org (the “Site”), when you make use of the services related to or offered on the site (hereinafter, the “Services”) or when you otherwise interact with us. By using our Site and/or Services, you agree that we may treat your information in the ways we describe in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with any term of this Privacy Policy, you must refrain from using our Site and/or Services and from providing us with your Personal Information.
Types of Information We Collect
We collect Personal Information and Usage Data through your usage of the Site and our Services.
"Personal Information" means any information by which you can be personally identified, such as your name, address(es), email address, telephone number(s), username and password, payment card information, patron number, donation history, ticket purchase history with performance date and seating location, dining reservations including venue and time, education, employment history, familial relationships, corporate affiliations, dietary restrictions, educational institution, other philanthropy, bequest info, program listing name (if different from salutation, wealth screening scores, affiliations with Lyric (i.e. Board Membership, VIP, event registration, and membership), activity attendance, contact logs and promotions, payment history, patron meeting notes, donation ask amounts, ethnicity, birth date and usage data.
“Usage Data” means any information that we automatically collect about how you use the Site, but that alone cannot be used to identify you. Examples of Usage Data include your browser type, device type, and pages you visited, and your IP address. Tracking technologies, like cookies and web beacons, help us collect this Usage Data. To learn more about cookies and how to control them, please review the section on Data Collection Technologies.
When you make an online payment or donation, we collect your credit or debit card number, as well as information about your payment history. Although we use a third-party payment processor to facilitate any payments made on our Site, we retain this information for ticket fulfillment and to respond to inquiries, communicate with you about your account, and for other business purposes.
How We Collect Your Information
When you use our Site and/or Services, we collect the information you provide to us when you, for example:
Create an account;
Purchase tickets, gift certificates, or subscription packages;
Shop at our gift shop;
Purchase food & beverages;
Make a donation;
Subscribe to our email list;
Register or RSVP for a sponsored event through the Site;
Contribute to an event;
Reserve the Lyric Opera House for a private event;
Apply for employment, an internship, or a volunteer positions;
Register for a program at Lyric;
Load a page;
Watch a video;
Download a PDF;
Add seats to the online shopping cart; and
Interact with our staff.
We may combine information that you give us with other information about you from other sources, such as vendors, service providers, business partners, donors, other third parties, and other publicly available sources. This information may be used to provide you with information that may be of interest to you. If you do not wish to receive these notifications, please send us an email or write to us at the address listed below.
We may also collect Personal Information about other people that you provide us, such as their name, addresses, email addresses, or any additional information. For example, you may provide us with the name of a potential donor.
Donor Privacy
We collect and store the personally identifiable information that you have provided to us via one of the email addresses identified on our website or when you otherwise contact us in person, by phone or email, with a question. We also collect your name, email address, telephone number and payment information when you make a contribution, either on our website, at a special event, over the phone or by mailing in a check. From time to time, we may collect personal information from you in ways not described above.
We do not rent or exchange lists we maintain that may include your Personal Information. We will not send you mailings on behalf of other organizations.
Except as described in this Privacy Policy or at the time we request the information, we do not otherwise disclose your personal information to any third parties.
How We Use Your Information
We collect, retain, and use your Personal Information for the reasons stated below:
To process any purchases, payments, donations, or other transactions you may perform on the Site or related to our Services;
For the specific purpose for which it was volunteered (for example, to receive notice from us, etc.);
To contact you in response to your inquiries, comments, and suggestions;
To contact you when otherwise necessary or appropriate for legitimate purposes;
To send you marketing and/or fundraising communications, with information about our organizations, our products, and our services;
To seek donations to our organization;
To track our visitors’ use of the Site for internal market research;
To improve the Site and the Services we provide or provide through the Site;
To customize the content and/or layout of our Site for each individual visitor; To notify you about updates to the Site and/or our Services;
To be provided to third parties in order to provide services on behalf of Lyric;
As required by law or regulation, or as requested by government authorities; and
For our internal business purposes.
We intend to implement this Privacy Policy in a manner consistent with applicable employment laws. To the extent that such applicable employment laws are in conflict with this Privacy Policy, we will act in accordance with such applicable employment laws.
Data Collection Technologies
We may use cookies, web beacons, and other technologies (collectively, “Data Collection Technologies”) to help us personalize and enhance your experience on our Site. Our Data Collection Technologies include:
Cookies. A cookie is a small string of text that is sent by our Site to your browser and then stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. Our cookies allow us to personalize your experience on our Site, make your visit more convenient, and understand how you and others are using our Site so that we can improve your experience on the Site. We use cookies to identify repeat visitors to our Site and to determine the paths visitors take on our Site. We also use cookies to determine whether you visited our Site from a particular Internet link or advertisement.
Web Beacons. A web beacon (also referred to as clear gif, pixel tag or single-pixel gif) is a transparent graphic image used in tandem with cookies that enables us to record a user’s actions. We use web beacons to count users who have visited those pages, verify system and server integrity, track marketing campaign performance, and for similar statistical measures.
Session Replay. FullStory session replay and analytics capabilities help our web team troubleshoot bugs, support our patrons, and build better web visitor experiences. For more information, visit FullStory’s privacy policy and opt-out page.
Google Analytics. We use Google Analytics to helps us understand how users engage with our Site. Google Analytics uses cookies to track your interactions with our Site, then collects that information and reports it to us, without identifying individual users. This information helps us improve our Services so that we can better serve users like you. For more information on Google Analytics, visit https://support.google.com/analytics.
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but it is possible to change your browser setup so that it does not accept cookies. In order to create a profile on our Site, you must have your cookies on. To find out more information about cookies, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
How We Share Your Information
We may share your Personal Information as disclosed to you at the time we collect it, with your consent, and in the following circumstances:
Service Providers: We may provide your Personal Information to our service providers that help us run and manage our business, such as technology service providers, Email providers, digital agencies, research providers, analytics providers, customer service providers, and our credit card processors.
Other Arts and/or Entertainment Organizations: If you engage in our Services, we may disclose your personal information with Service Providers. Our Service Providers may then share your name and contact information with other arts and entertainment organizations for their own marketing-related purposes. You have the option to opt-out of this data-sharing arrangement by contacting us as directed below.
As Required By Law: We may disclose your Personal Information as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena or similar legal process. Additionally, we may disclose Personal Information when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect the safety and security of our property or the property of others. We may also disclose Personal Information in order to protect our rights, such as to investigate fraud or respond to a government request.
Restructuring Transaction: We may disclose your Personal Information to a third party in the event Lyric is involved in a merger, reorganization, acquisition, joint venture, assignment, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, or other transaction, including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings.
We reserve the right to share aggregated or anonymized Personal Information with third parties for any lawful purpose.
Social Sharing Features
The Site may offer social sharing features and other integrated tools, such as Facebook, Twitter, and Pinterest buttons (e.g., “Like,” “Tweet” and “Pin It”), which let you share actions you take on the Site with other media. Your use of such features enables the sharing of information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the entity that provides the social sharing feature. For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features, please visit the privacy policies of the entities that provide these features.
Do Not Track Signals
Some web browsers have “Do Not Track” or similar features that allow you to tell each website you visit that you do not want your activities on that website tracked. At present, the Site does not respond to “Do Not Track” signals and consequently, the Site will continue to collect information about you even if your browser’s “Do Not Track” feature is activated.
Data Security
The security of Personal Information is important to us. We use reasonable safeguards aimed to protect against unauthorized use, disclosure, alteration, or destruction of the Personal Information we collect and maintain. However, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Any information disclosed online can potentially be collected and used by parties other than the intended recipient. As a result, while we strive to protect your information, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to our Site.
Your California Rights
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 gives California residents the rights to request certain information regarding our disclosure of their Personal Information to third parties for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes. We may share your Personally Information with affiliated third parties, some of which do not share the name of Lyric, for their own direct marketing purposes. You may request information regarding the disclosure of your Personal Information to third parties for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes by contacting us as noted below.
Children’s Privacy
We follow applicable laws for children aged 16 and under. For purposes of personal data, we consider anyone under the age of 16 years old to be a child. If we discover that we’ve unintentionally collected information from a child in a way prohibited by applicable law, we will delete the information immediately.
To better ensure the protection of children’s personal information, we do the following:
We do not collect personal contact information from children without the consent of a parent or legal guardian, except in limited circumstances authorized by law.
We collect some information (like IP address, operating system, etc.) automatically and use technology like cookies to provide functionality and support our operations. We obtain consent where required.
We do not ask for more personal information than is necessary for a child to participate in an activity.
Please contact us as directed below with any questions or requests related to our collection or use of children’s personal information.
Links to Third-Party Websites
Our Site may offer links to other Web sites which may have information policies and practices different from ours. We do not control and are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices or the content of any third party Web Sites. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any third party website prior to providing them with your Personal Information.
Email Consent and Opt-Out
If you consented to receiving email communication from Lyric, you will continue to do so unless you unsubscribe. You may choose to opt out of or unsubscribe from receiving future commercial email messages from us. Each mass commercial email sent by us contains a link with instructions on how to remove yourself from our email list.
Access and Modification
You may access and modify the Personal Information we maintain about you by contacting us using the contact information below. We will respond to your inquiry within a reasonable timeframe.
Non-U.S. Residents
The Site and our Services are intended for use in the United States of America only. All matters relating to our Site and Services are governed by the laws of the State of Illinois in the United States of America. If you visit our Site, utilize our Services, or contact us from outside of the United States of America, please be advised that (i) any information you provide to us or that we automatically collect will be transferred to the United States of America; and (ii) that by using our Site and/or Services or submitting information, you explicitly authorize its transfer to and subsequent processing in the United States of America in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Do not provide your Personal Information to us if you do not want this information to be transferred outside of your country, or if the laws in your country restrict these types of transfers. Your provision of Personal Information to us will be handled in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Individuals in the European Economic Area
We adhere to the applicable data protection laws in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), which includes the General Data Protection Regulation (EU 2016/679) (“GDPR”). If you have a concern about our processing of your Personal Information that we are not able to resolve, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Data Protection Authority where you reside. For the contact information of your relevant local Data Protection Authority, please visit http://ec.europa.eu/justice/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm
Data Subject Rights: If you are located in the EEA, GDPR allows you the following rights with respect to your Personal Information:
To access the Personal Information we maintain about you
To be provided with information about how we process your Personal Information;
To correct or amend your Personal Information;
To have your Personal Information erased;
To object to or restrict how we process your Personal Information;
To request your Personal Information to be transferred to a third party;
To withdraw any consent you gave us to process your Personal Information.
To exercise the above rights, please contact us as directed below. We will consider and process your request within a reasonable period of time. Please be aware that the GDPR may limit your exercise of these rights under certain circumstances.
Data Transfers: We may transfer your Personal Information to countries outside of the EEA for processing in accordance with this Privacy Policy and as permitted by the applicable laws. Where this is the case, we will ensure that any data processors receiving your Personal Information are subject to laws ensuring an adequate level of data protection as set out in an adequacy decision of the European Commission (including the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield) or will ensure that an adequate level of data protection will be available on the basis of standard contractual clauses that will allow you to directly enforce your rights as a third-party beneficiary.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
Lyric reserves the right, at its discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this Privacy Policy from time to time. The amended Privacy Policy will be effective upon posting on the Site. Your continued use of the Site and/or Services means that you agree to the revised Privacy Policy and our use of your Personal Information in accordance with the revised policy. Lyric may, but is under no obligation to, provide you notice of such modifications to this Privacy Policy via email or other communication.
Conditions of Use
By using our Site and/or Services, you agree to the terms and conditions contained in this Privacy Policy and any other agreement we might have with you. If you do not agree to any of these terms, you should not use this Site or any of its Services. You agree that any related dispute will be governed by the laws of Illinois. You also agree to arbitrate any such dispute in Illinois, and to abide by any limitation on damages contained in any agreement we may have with you.
How to Contact Us
If you have questions about information security, privacy, or usage of Personal Information that were not answered here, please contact us at the following address:
Lyric Opera of Chicago20 N. Upper Wacker DriveSuite 860Chicago, Illinois 60606Phone: 312.827.5933Email: privacypolicy@lyricopera.org
Back to top
By using this site, you agree to our Privacy Policy, which describes our use of cookies.
Close
(opens new window)