https://www.castingworkbook.com/privacy.asp
Parlez-vous français? Cliquez ici.
Casting Workbook: The Talent Engine
Login
Join
Contacts
Post a Casting Notice
Login
Home
About
Management
Client Support
BENEFITS
Productions & Execs
Casting Directors
Agents
Actors
Unrepped Actors
Pricing
Actors
Children
Audition Facilities
Contacts
Los Angeles
Vancouver
Toronto
Montréal
London
Join
Actor
Agent
Casting Director
Producer
FAQs
Actors
Agents
Casting Directors
Producers
Need Help?
Casting Workbook Privacy Policy Updated May 24, 2018 Definitions In this Privacy Policy: "You" means the user of our website or user of Casting Workbook. "We/us/Casting Workbook" means Casting Workbook Services Inc., whose trading address and registered office and principal place of business is:						    Casting Workbook						    660C Leg In Boot Square						    Vancouver, B.C. 						    Canada
V5Z 4B3 "Services" means any of the services available from Casting Workbook "Site" means the site located at castingworkbook.com and www.voice.castingworkbook.com, and other connected sites and/or mobile applications. Acceptance of this Policy and Casting Workbook Terms By using Casting Workbook's Services and/or this Site and/or Casting Workbook's software application(s) you accept the terms of this Privacy Policy.
If you are a Parent or Guardian of a young performer/child you are a third party acting on behalf of your child and it is your responsibility to inform the child of their rights, and to act solely in your child's best interests. Please review the Member Service Terms and also see the FAQs section for Young Performers alongside this Privacy Policy for more information. This Privacy Policy has been written in a way to be accessible to children, but if there is anything you or your child does not understand, please contact our Data Protection Officer. Casting Workbook as your Data Controller We regard the lawful and correct treatment of your personal information by us as very important to our business. To this end we fully endorse and adhere to data protection law across Europe in the form of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the equivalent data protection law in the UK. As your Data Controller, Casting Workbook has notified its activities to the Office of the Information Commissioner as required under the Data Protection Act 1998 and can be found in the Data Protection Public Register. Relationships when Casting Workbook is not your Data Controller If you are a Casting Workbook member, please note that your agent (if you are represented) or training establishment may also act as your Data Controller both for the supply of your information to Casting Workbook and its use in submissions made by your Agent on your behalf via Casting Workbook link, and additionally for any third party tools your Agent or training establishment may employ to administer your data. It is your responsibility to ensure that your Agent or training establishment only processes your personal data in accordance with your wishes. Changes to this Privacy Policy Casting Workbook keeps this Privacy Policy under regular review and may change this policy occasionally by updating this page. Where practical we will notify you of changes to this Privacy Policy and prompt you to review these. However, you should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. Your continued access and use of this site or other Casting Workbook services will mean that you agree to our then-current Privacy Policy. How do we make sure your data is used lawfully? We will only collect, use, store, share (and any other of the defined uses of processing data) where there is a lawful basis as defined by data protection legislation, and do not collect more information than we need to fulfill the purpose. We document what lawful bases are relied upon for our processing activities. Lawful bases include where you have given consent, where processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you, when complying with law and where there are legitimate interests. More information on how we use these lawful bases is provided below:
Consent - In certain situations we can process your data with your consent. Where we process data based on consent, we will ask you for your explicit consent (you have to take an action) which you can withdraw at any time, but it will not affect the lawfulness of processing before then. For children under 16, consent will be gained from the parent or guardian. For example, if you tick a box to receive email marketing communication from us. Contract - In certain situations, we need your personal information to comply with our contractual obligations. Where we rely on contract, we will ask you to agree to the use of your personal data necessary for entering into or the performance of your contract with us. For example, by becoming a Casting Workbook member we will collect information about you so we can deliver the service to you. Complying with law - we may need to process your personal information if the law requires us to. For example, we may have to pass on information of people in fraud or other criminal activity to law enforcement. Legitimate interest - We will only rely on legitimate interests where the processing of your data is not overridden by your interests or rights and freedoms. This means that we may need your information and use in a way that can reasonably be expected as part of us running Casting Workbook and does not materially impact your rights, freedoms or interests. For example, we may use your information to build a more accurate picture of you to better inform our business decisions.
When do we collect your personal information? We will collect personal information from you when your:
Visit and/or use our Site and/or Services; Sign up to or use Site and/or Services; Become a registered member with us; Purchase a product or service from us, such as a room booking or editing sessions; Book to attend an event; Complete a survey or feedback form; Provide feedback or review our Site and/or Services; Correspond with us on social media; Contact us with a form of query, compliment or complaint (plus other types of enquiries) via phone, email or post; Enter a competition or prize draw; Use other features of the Site and/or Services.
What personal information do we collect? We will only ever ask you for the necessary information needed to process your data. We may process data including the following personal information about you, where supplied:
Name; Gender; Date of birth; Address(es) or location data; Email; Telephone number(s); Information pertaining to disability and ethnicity; Physical details such as height; Training and skills; Information/ documents to enable us to vet an application; Information/ documents you may provide to prove age, identity or other requirement where the law requires this to confirm discount eligibility; Information gathered by the use of cookies; Photographs, video and audio clips; Career history; URLs and links to social media; Payment data; For security, an encrypted record of your login password.
Please note, that as many of our Services are primarily promotional tools, personal data included in these public profiles may be accessible by other Casting Workbook users and/or the public via wide circulation or redistribution, and via our historical archives. Therefore you should never include any personal data on your profile that you would wish to remain private. How will we use your personal information? We (or third party data processors acting on our behalf) may collect, store, use and share your personal information for the following purposes:
To provide you with the Casting Workbook Services, including making your public profile information available to other users of the Services; To fulfill orders for products or Services (including recognizing returning members, returning customers and previous member applicants); To keep your details and records up-to-date and accurate; To provide you with important service communications relating to Casting Workbook products or Services; To invite you to and manage your attendance at Casting Workbook and our partner events; To answer your enquiries or otherwise communicate with you; To vet your professional background, but only when you are joining as a Casting Workbook Member/ Casting Workbook Casting Subscriber or purchasing a restricted access product; Internal record keeping; To assist in the creation and editing of audio and visual content; To improve our products and Services; To understand about information to better inform business decisions; To verify your identity; For market research and analysis, such as receiving opinions and feedback on our products and Services; To administer prize draws or competitions where you have entered into; To process payments and identify or prevent fraudulent transactions; To develop, test and improve our sites, services and products that we provide to you; To comply with any legal obligation such as to share data with law enforcement; To customize the Site(s) to your interests; and To facilitate the historical archiving of all Casting Workbook public profiles/titles both in print and digital formats.
Links to other sites Please be aware that while visiting the Site, or using the Services, you may follow links to other sites that are owned by third parties and beyond our control (each, a "Third Party Site"). Casting Workbook is not responsible for the content or privacy policies of Third Party Sites. What personal information do we share? We sometimes share personal information with carefully selected and trusted third parties. Wherever possible only information contained within your public profile would be released to such third parties. To keep your data safe and maintain your privacy we have the following approach:
We implement appropriate legal, procedural and technical controls; We only provide the information they need to undertake that service; They can only use the information for that specific purpose; We maintain a close relationship to make sure that your data is protected and your privacy maintained; We mandate that if or when the service stops, they must return or delete any information held.
Here are the examples of the types of trusted third parties we work with:
Casting Workbook network partners, circulating breakdown information via their casting platforms in other territories; Subcontractors assisting us in providing our service to our users, IT companies who help us deliver our sites and services;
How long do we keep your information? We will not keep personal information for longer than it is necessary, and will only retain information for as long as needed to carry out our functions and that purpose. Personal information is retained in line with our retention schedule. Where your information is processed The information that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area ('EEA') in certain circumstances. For example, if we contract with service providers based outside the EEA, or if any of our servers are at any time based outside the EEA (including 'cloud' service provision). If it is, then we put in place controls to make sure that your information has the same level of protection as if it was inside the EEA. Where we would have to disclose your personal information to third parties, in any circumstances, we will always take all appropriate steps to ensure that such third parties are responsible and trusted and that your personal information will be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy, and to European and UK Data Protection standards or equivalent. How to deal with Data Breaches We have robust measures in place to minimize and prevent data breaches from taking place. Should a breach of personal data occur (whether in respect of you or someone else) then we must take notes and keep evidence of that breach. If the breach is likely to result in a risk to the rights and freedoms of individuals then we must also notify the Information Commissioner's Office within 72 hours.
Your data subject rights
You have the right to information about what personal data we process, how and on what basis as set out in this policy.
You have the right to access your own personal data by way of a subject access request.
You can correct any inaccuracies in your personal data. To do so, you should contact our Data Protection Officer.
You have the right to request that we erase your personal data where we were not entitled under the law to process it or it is no longer necessary to process it for the purpose it was collected. To do so, you should contact our Data Protection Officer.
While you are requesting that your personal data is corrected or erased or are contesting the lawfulness of our processing, you can apply for its use to be restricted while the application is made. To do so, you should contact our Data Protection Officer.
You have the right to object to data processing where we are relying on a legitimate interest to do so and you think that your rights and interests outweigh our own and you wish us to stop.
You have the right to object if we process your personal data for the purposes of direct marketing.
You have the right to receive a copy of your personal data and to transfer your personal data to another data controller. We will not charge for this and will, in most cases, aim to do this within one month.
With some exceptions, you have the right not to be subjected to automated decision-making. 						You have the right to be notified of a data security breach concerning your personal data. 						In most situations we will not rely on your consent as a lawful ground to process your data. If we do however request your consent to the processing of your personal data for a specific purpose, you have the right not to consent or to withdraw your consent later. To withdraw your consent, you should contact our Data Protection Officer.
Payment Security We will retain payment details briefly (the duration of time it takes to complete each transaction) whilst purchases are made through our online shop. Payment card details are not stored on our servers beyond this. Our secure socket layer software (SSL) is the industry standard and among the best software available today for secure commerce transactions. It encrypts all personal information including credit card numbers, names and addresses. This encryption has the objective of ensuring that nothing can be read as it travels over the Internet to our chosen fully PCI DSS compliant payment service providers for processing. If you experience any payment problems when placing an order via our Site, we advise you to resubmit your payment details. If your payment still fails, please contact your card issuer, to ensure there are no problems with your account, before contacting our customer services team. Keeping your personal information up-to-date Casting Workbook provides you with access to your personal information and tools to manage this. If you have provided us with personal information, it is your responsibility to ensure that it is correct and up to date. This will enable us to provide you with the best service possible. Please contact us as soon as possible if you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete. Children As a Parent or Guardian representing a child, you are a third party acting on behalf of your child and it is your responsibility to inform the child of their rights, and to act solely in your child's best interests. Parents or guardians have the right to exercise the below rights on behalf of the child that they represent. Third parties If this is a third party acting on your behalf, we will request that they provide proof that they have your consent to represent you. If we decide not to action your request we will explain our justification for refusal. If you are unhappy The theme throughout this Policy is that Casting Workbook treats your privacy with the utmost importance and we strive to meet the highest standards when collecting and using personal information. If for whatever reason you believe that our collection or use of your information is unfair or inappropriate, we encourage you to report this to our Data Protection Officer. We will take any complaints we receive about your privacy very seriously. You also have the right to complain to your supervisory authority if you are unhappy with how your personal information has been collected, used or managed. Your information rights
Access your information - you can request access to or a copy of your personal information and check what information we hold about you. Change or correct your information - if you wish to have any errors corrected, you can request this - although this is not an absolute right and we may request for further information. Take your information - you can ask for a copy of your personal information to be provided in a reusable and machine-readable form. Object to, limit or restrict the use of your information - you can ask that we stop using parts or all of your personal information or limit its use if you believe that this personal information is unlawfully held. Direct marketing - you can ask that we stop using your personal information for direct marketing. This can be by managing your privacy settings within your account; by clicking on an 'unsubscribe' link in an email or writing to the Data Protection Officer. Delete your information - you can ask that your personal information is deleted if you believe it is no longer necessary for the purposes it was collected. Legitimate interest - if we are processing your information on the grounds of legitimate interest, you can ask us to stop this if there are reasons related to your individual circumstances. We have to do this unless we believe we still have an overriding legitimate reason.
Cookies Policy How we use cookies and similar technologies What is a cookie? A cookie is a piece of information that is stored on your computer's hard drive by your web browser. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site. Managing cookies Most web browsers allow control over these cookies through the browser settings. If you are a Casting Workbook Member, Agent or Casting Workbook Casting Subscriber some cookies are vital to your effective usage of our Services; we use these to identify Casting Workbook Members/Agents/Casting Workbook Casting Subscribers, manage secure logins and authentication status, remember website preferences and also to ensure secure renewals and payments can be made. Therefore if you choose to disable these cookies you will not be able to use the Casting Workbook website. Why do we use cookies? Casting Workbook also uses cookies to track and analyze visits to our site and the use of video and audio material, with the aim of constantly improving our site services and ensuring that we are adequately supporting the growing number of visitors to our site. These may include third party cookies set by Google Analytics or Twitter. Third party cookies Cookies from third parties may also be used by Casting Workbook to help us understand how our visitors engage with the website and to determine, for instance, the number of people who click on an advertisement and subsequently buy our services. To gather this information, Casting Workbook uses Google Analytics, Google AdWords and other similar third party services. For more information on how Google uses cookies for analytics and conversion tracking click here.
For more information about cookies, including how to remove and disable them, visit this website. How we use IP addresses An IP address is a number which is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the internet. When you access the Casting Workbook site we will log your IP address. We generally only use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer our website, track general user movements and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use, or where investigating possible criminal activity. However, we do link IP addresses to other information which could identify the user, for instance when assessing applications from new, re-joining and renewing members to ensure that they are provided with legal 'cooling off periods' where necessary. They will also be used to ascertain where members may be attempting to seek extended free periods on the Casting Workbook website by the misuse of our 'cooling off periods' or refund policy (see Terms). The IP information gathered for this purpose will only be used to 'flag up' possible misuse to Casting Workbook staff members. Digital Editions In relation to any digital edition/Application, previously or currently offered by us, please note that Apple, Google, Amazon or other providers may on occasion transfer some of your data to Casting Workbook. Casting Workbook may also gather information such as your name and email address within the app; such personal data will be administrated in line with this privacy policy. More information and information in an accessible format This Privacy Policy has been carefully written to try to provide clarity and understanding and to make sure the information contained within it to be accessible for you. If there is information you do not understand, or if you require additional explanation, please contact the Data Protection Officer using the contact details within this Policy and we will be happy to assist you. Questions If you have any queries about the way your data is used by Casting Workbook, please contact our Data Protection Officer, Jonathan Cohen, at jb.cohen@castingworkbook.com.
© Copyright 2020 Casting Workbook Services, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy | Parlez-vous français?
apparent