http://www.thomhartmann.com/privacy
Login | Register
Username or e-mail: *
Password: *
Remember me
Create new account
Request new password
RADIO
Monday-Friday
Noon-3pm eastern
Where to listen »
Home
Community
Thom
Radio
Books
Store
Podcasts & Newsletter
iPhone App
Android App
Thom's Daily News
Conversations with Great Minds
Covid-19
Contact Congress
About Thom
Thom's blog
Events with Thom
Videos
Thom's articles
Using Thom's Blog
Listen live
Find a station
Live Blog
Sue's daily stacks
Affiliates: commercial
Affiliates: non-commercial
Documents
People
Kindle Editions
Print Books
Thom Reviews
Privacy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which The Thom Hartmann Program collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the http://www.thomhartmann.com website ("Site") and associated mobile applications (“Apps”).
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, place an order, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site and Apps. Users may be asked for, name, email address, mailing address. Users may, however, visit our Site or use our Apps anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site or App related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site and/or Apps. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.For our mobile Apps information may also include device manufacturer, model number, operating system and version as well as mobile connection information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
Application specific permissions
Our mobile Apps may read certain items such as phone state, network state and device storage. No information used is ever transmitted to our servers. It simply serves the purpose of enhancing the user experience and providing features deemed beneficial to the users of our Apps.
How we use collected information
The Thom Hartmann Radio Show may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
To run and operate our Site and Apps
To improve customer service and fulfill any orders
To improve our Site and Apps
To send periodic emails pertaining to orders, customer service and to respond to any inquiries and/or any other requests.
How we protect your information
We utilize appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site and/or Apps.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
Third party websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site and in our Apps that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site and Apps. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website's own terms and policies.
Advertising
Ads appearing on our site may be delivered to Users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile non personal identification information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This privacy policy does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Google Adsense
Some of the ads may be served by Google. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to Users based on their visit to our Site and other sites on the Internet. DART uses "non personally identifiable information" and does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, etc. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Changes to this privacy policy
The Thom Hartmann Radio Show has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will post a notification on the main page of our Site, as well as notifications in our mobile Apps. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site or our associated Apps, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you have disagreements with any part of this policy, then please discontinue use of our Site and/or Apps.. Your continued use of the Site and/or Apps following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Add comment
Login or register to post comments
It's time to defund the Republican Party
Dec. 10, 2020 3:57 pmBy Thom Hartmann A...
In yesterday's rant, I laid out all the reasons why Democrats should put at the top of their priority list "defunding the Republican Party." Here's a little background, and how to do it.
Read more
Thom's Blog
Live Blog
Visit Thom's Blog »
Images of Thom
With Geoff and King Tommy George in the Lockhart River in north Queensland, Australia
Thom at 17
At Mondragon
At Mondragon - both the mountain and the cooperative city - in Spain (written about in "Threshold" book)
Mom and Dad
Visit Thom's Gallery »
From Screwed:
"Hartmann speaks with the straight talking clarity and brilliance of a modern day Tom Paine as he exposes the intentional and systematic destruction of America’s middle class by an alliance of political con artists and outlines a program to restore it. This is Hartmann at his best. Essential reading for those interested in restoring the institution that made America the envy of the world."
—David C. Korten, author of The Great Turning and When Corporations Rule the World
From The Thom Hartmann Reader:
"Through compelling personal stories, Hartmann presents a dramatic and deeply disturbing picture of humans as a profoundly troubled species. Hope lies in his inspiring vision of our enormous unrealized potential and his description of the path to its realization."
—David Korten, author of Agenda for a New Economy, The Great Turning, and When Corporations Rule the World
From The Thom Hartmann Reader:
"In an age rife with media-inspired confusion and political cowardice, we yearn for a decent, caring, deeply human soul whose grasp of the problems confronting us provides a light by which we can make our way through the quagmire of lies, distortions, pandering, and hollow self-puffery that strips the American Dream of its promise. How lucky we are, then, to have access to the wit, wisdom, and willingness of Thom Hartmann, who shares with us here that very light, grown out of his own life experience."
—Mike Farrell, actor, political activist, and author of Just Call Me Mike and Of Mule and Man
Read more reviews »
Follow us on:
Thom Hartmann Newsletter
Don’t miss out again. Receive our daily rundown of news, show highlights and random musings.
Sign Up Now
Footer Navigation
CommunityBlogs
Contact Congress
ThomAbout
Blog
Articles
Events
Videos
The Program
RadioListen Live
Find a Station
Sue's daily stacks
© 2020 Mythical Intelligence, inc.
Drupal site designed and developed by
HollyIT
Footer menu
Terms & Conditions
Privacy
Contact Us
Help
Feeds
About the Team