https://www.austinfilm.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyPolicies outlined on this page apply to all content and information collected at www.austinfilm.org.USE OF LINKSThroughout our web pages, we provide links to other servers which may contain information of interest to our readers. Unless the material is housed at one of the following: www.austinfilm.org, we take no responsibility for, and exercise no control over, the organizations, views, or accuracy of the information contained on other servers.Creating a text link from your web site to our site(s) does not require permission.USE OF TEXT AND IMAGESThe Austin Film Society frequently uses text and images with the permission of copyright holders for the purposes of publicizing events and illustrating our rich archives. We cannot grant you permission to use those resources. Please contact the copyright holder or company that administers the rights, such as Photofest photofestnyc.com. AFS original content may be used with attribution. AFS logos may only be used by permission, which you may request by sending an email to afs@austinfilm.org.ACCESSIBILITYThis web site is designed to be accessible to visitors with disabilities, and to comply with federal guidelines concerning accessibility. We welcome your comments. If you have suggestions on how to make the site more accessible, please contact us at afs@austinfilm.org.WEB SITE PRIVACY POLICYWe have created this statement to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy. We do not collect personally identifying information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information to us. Providing such information is strictly voluntary. This policy is your guide to how we will handle information we learn about you from your visit to our Web site.READING OR DOWNLOADINGWe collect and store only the following information about you: the name of the domain from which you access the Internet (for example, aol.com, if you are connecting from an America Online account, or princeton.edu if you are connecting from Princeton University’s domain), the date and time you access our site, and the Internet address of the web site from which you linked to our site. Such information is collected by Google analytics.We use the information we collect to measure the number of visitors to the different sections of our site, and to help us make our site more useful to visitors.ONLINE PROFILE UPDATES AND DONATIONSIf you complete the Profile Update form and share your personally identifying information, this information will be used only to provide you with more targeted content. We may use your contact information to send further information about our organization or to contact you when necessary. You may always opt out of receiving future mailings; see the “Opt Out” section below.We do, on occasion, share our mailing list with Austin-area arts organizations who offer programs we think might be of interest to our community. You may opt out of such sharing in your profile or by sending an email to afs@austinfilm.org. We do not sell or rent any contact information for any use.SENDING US AN EMAIL OR MAKING WEBSITE COMMENTSYou also may decide to send us personally identifying information, for example, in an electronic mail message containing a question or comment, or by filling out a Web form that provides us this information. We use personally identifying information from email primarily to respond to your requests. We may forward your email to other employees who are better able to answer you questions. We may also use your email to contact you in the future about our programs that may be of interest.If you sign up for one of our email lists, we will only send you the kinds of information you have requested. We do not rent, sell or lend email lists.COMMENT GUIDELINESEverything published on at www.austinfilm.org, www.austinstudios.org and www.persistenceofvision.org is content: Your posts, comments, forum messages, poll responses, audio, video, text, images, you name it. We embrace diversity of opinions and values but we insist that your content may not include anything unacceptable. We define unacceptable content as anything included or linked that is:Being used to abuse, harass, stalk or threaten a person or personsLibelous, defamatory, knowingly false or misrepresents another personInfringes upon any copyright, trademark, trade secret or patent of any third party. (If you quote or excerpt someone’s content, it is your responsibility to provide proper attribution to the original author. For a clear definition of proper attribution and fair use, please see The Electronic Frontier Foundation’s Legal Guide for Bloggers at this URL: http://www.eff.org/bloggers/lg/.)Violates any obligation of confidentialityViolates the privacy, publicity, moral or any other right of any third partyContains editorial content that has been commissioned and paid for by a third party, (either cash or goods in barter), and/or contains paid advertising links and/or SPAM or “Stupid Pointless Annoying Messages.” For Austin Film Society purposes, we define SPAM as anything that qualifies as nonsense unrelated to the discussion, either in comments on a blog or in our forums. This nonsense may take classic forms (e.g., simple links to unrelated content that are often advertising or e-commerce), or more insidious forms.Austin Film Society staff define and determine what is “unacceptable content” on a case-by-case basis-and our definitions are not limited to this list. We reserve the right to change these standards at any time with no notice. We also reserve the right to remove links to any content at any time. If you are concerned about any content you see on any of our sites, we urge you to contact us if you see content that violates these guidelines. (Guidelines adapted from the BlogHer Network.)OPT-OUT OR CHANGE YOUR CONTACT INFORMATIONOur site provides users the opportunity to opt out of receiving communications from us through your email preferences, by emailing afs@austinfilm.org or by calling 512-322-0145. You may choose to receive only specific communications or none at all. You may also update your contact information previously provided to us. You can not remove yourself from our database, but you can prevent unwanted communication.QUESTIONS ABOUT OUR POLICIESIf you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this web site, you can contact us at afs@austinfilm.org.Thanks To Our Annual Sponsors
Search for:
X