http://www.lorifoster.com/site/#privacy
X
COMING NOV 20
Amazon
B&N
iBooks
More Ordering Options
read anexcerpt
Sign up for Lori's Newsletter:
?
Take a look at Lori’s privacy policy for details on how she protects and manages your data.
I consent to having Lori Foster collect my email address in accordance with her privacy policy.
No, thank you.
Creative Credits
Waxcreative Design, Inc., Emily Cotler, Creative Director
Copyright Info
This entire site © 2017 – 2020 by Lori Foster
The design itself © 2017 – 2020 by Waxcreative Design, Inc.
Your right to use this site and its contents
This site is only for your personal use. You may not distribute, exchange, modify, sell or transmit anything you copy from this site, including, but not limited to, any text, images, audio and video, for any business, commercial or public purpose without permission.
Sharing, however, is encouraged and always appreciated. Thanks!
Site Problems
If something on this site is looking weird, or if you clicked on a link and came to a 404 error page, we want to fix it. Please email the details to Lori's web team at alert@waxcreative.com. If it's a bad link be sure to tell them what page you were on and where you were hoping to go.
Privacy
Lori Foster will never share or sell your information with anyone… period.
Click here for more on privacy and data usage.
Newsletter and Site News lists: All information collected from this site is used only by Lori. The e-newsletter list data is stored on Lori’s site’s server and is managed by her web design team and her Site News list data is collected and stored via the third-party Feedpress and managed by her web design team. It is not ever sold to a third party or made available for sale. The information collected, such as your email address, is stored in order for Lori to communicate directly with you. She may send you emails containing newsletters, promotions, and special offers. If you do not want to receive such email messages, you will be given the option to opt out or change your preferences. The opt-out opportunity is presented at the bottom of every Newsletter and Site News email (two separate lists) you receive. Clicking on that link will remove you from that particular list.
Ordering links: Please note that if you purchase a book through a link on this website or associated social media pages, your purchase will be handled by the vendor you select (e.g., Amazon, Kobo, Nook, Apple, Google Play) and they maintain their own separate information about you that is NOT shared with Lori.
Social Media: If you use a third-party connection, for example, through Facebook or Twitter by “following,” “liking,” Lori Foster pages, that third party may pass certain information about your use of its service, but note that LoriFoster.com itself does not collect retain any of this information. You should always review, and if necessary, adjust your privacy settings on third-party websites and services, like Facebook, Twitter, Instagram etc. before using them to link to other places.
Analytics information: Lori and her web team may directly collect analytics data, or use third-party analytics tools and services, like Google Analytics, to help measure traffic and usage trends for her web pages, email newsletters, promotions, and social media connections. These tools collect information sent by your browser or mobile device, including the pages you visit and other information that assist in improving your user experience. This analytics data is collected and used in aggregate form such that it cannot reasonably be manipulated to identify any particular individual user.
Log file information: LoriFoster.com is routinely monitored/scanned for virus checks, malware identification, etc., in order to keep it a secure site. As such, log file information is automatically reported by your browser or mobile device each time you access the site, and the server automatically records certain log file information. These server logs may include anonymous information such as your web request, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, referring / exit pages and URLs, number of clicks and how you interact with links, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed, and other such information.
Instances where it may be required to share your information: Your information will only be disclosed where required to do so by law or subpoena or if there is reasonable belief that such action is necessary to (a) comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement; (b) to protect the security, quality or integrity of the website; and/or (c) to exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of this website’s users, or others.
Links to Other Websites and Services: Lori is not responsible for the practices employed by websites or services linked to or from her site, comment pages, or social media sites, including the information or content contained therein. Please remember that when you use a link to go from LoriFoster.com to another website, this Privacy Policy does not apply to third-party websites or services. Your browsing and interaction on any third-party website or service are subject to that third party’s own rules and policies. Lori and her web team are not responsible and do not have control over any third parties that you authorize to access your User Content. If you are using a third-party website or service (like Facebook, Twitter, Google groups, etc.) and you allow such a third-party access to your User Content you do so at your own risk. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information Lori collects by other means (including offline) or from other sources other than through LoriFoster.com.
E-newsletter: If you want to change your email address or if you no longer wish to continue receiving the Lori Foster e-newsletter, please fill out the form here.
Site News: If you wish to unsubscribe from Lori’s Site News, please click on the unsubscribe link located at the bottom of the most recent Site News email.
Cookies
This Site uses Cookies. Our Cookies Policy briefly explains what cookies are, how we use Cookies, how third-parties may use Cookies on this Site, your choices regarding Cookies, and further information about Cookies.
Click here for more on cookies and data usage.
We use cookies for the functional running of this Site, to make the experience aesthetically pleasing, to provide social media features, and to analyze our traffic. You consent to our Cookies if you continue to use our website.
What Are Cookies: Essentially all websites use Cookies. A Cookie is a small file sent to your browser from a website you visit. It is stored on either your web browser or on your device. Cookies can be "persistent" or "session." Some go away when you leave the site, and some stay on your device until you remove them. Cookies do not allow access to your computer or any data/files contained in your computer.
How This Site Uses Cookies: Personal information will not be collected where a person is only browsing the Site, but we may use Cookies to better tailor our information and our services to meet the needs of Site visitors. We may collect non-personal information about the computer, mobile device, or other device you use to access this Site, such as IP address, geolocation information, unique device identifiers, browser type, and/or browser language to help us understand how people use this Site.
The law states that we can store Cookies on your device if they are “strictly necessary” for the operation of this site. For all other types of Cookies we need your opt-in/opt-out permission, and you can turn them on and off at will though your browser. We have made the Cookies as easy to manage as reasonable cost will allow.
You can choose whether to accept Cookies by changing the settings on your browser. Each browser publishes up-to-date guidelines how to do this. However, if you disable this function (or keep this function disabled, as set by default by certain browsers), your experience on this Site may be diminished and some features may not work as intended.
Which Cookies Do We Use?To the extent any personal information is collected through first-party Cookies, our Privacy Policy applies and complements this Cookie Policy. Personal information collected through a third-party Cookie is subject to the privacy policy of that third party, and not our Privacy Policy.
Below we list the different types of Cookies that are used on this Site.
Essential CookiesEssential Cookies enable you to navigate the Site and to use its services and features. Without these necessary Cookies, the Site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like it to, and we may not be able to provide the Site or certain services or features.
Social Media CookiesSocial media Cookies are used to enable you to share pages and content you find interesting on our Site through third-party social networking and other websites.
Analytics CookiesAnalytics Cookies collect information about your use of the Site, and enable us to improve the way it works. We use information from Analytics Cookies to analyze the Site traffic, but we do not examine this information for individually identifying information.