http://www.shakespearehigh.com/misc_pages/privacy.shtml
Welcome
to Shakespeare High! > Privacy Statement
Who's in the cafeteria:
Shakespeare High has created this privacy
statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The
following discloses the information gathering and dissemination
practices for this Web site: ShakespeareHigh.com, hereafter SH or the
"website."
Information Automatically Logged
As with any visit you make to any website, your IP address is
automatically logged and used to help diagnose problems with our
server, administer our Web site, and gather site traffic information.
Cookies
We use cookies to save your password so you don't have to re-enter it
each time you visit our site and for other purposes.  Cookies
are used to track the last time you visited the site and which
forums have seen activity since your last visit.  If your cookies
are disabled in your browser, you can still access and use all parts
of the site, but you will not get these tracking features.
Advertisers
At this time SH has no advertising, nor are there plans for
such.  SH is an educational site that provides links to various
Internet sites and product vendors.  See
External Links below.
Registration Forms
Our site's registration form requires users to give us contact
information (like name, email, and address).  The only
information REQUIRED to complete the registration process is a name,
password, and email address.  Contact information from the
registration forms is used to get in touch with you when
necessary.  You may receive periodic e-mails from SH but we
will never sell, loan, or divulge your e-mail to anyone...ever!
External Links
This site contains links to other sites. SH is not responsible for
the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites, nor are we
responsible for the individuals posting external links.  SH is
also not responsible for any sales or use of goods that result from
information gathered from external links.
Special Relationships
Our forums (a.k.a. cafeteria), and a majority of our site, is powered by Ikonboard;
we
are not affiliated or associated with them in anyway.
Public Forums
This site makes chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups
available to its users. Please remember that any information that is
disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should
exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse,
and alteration of the information under our control.
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices
of this site, or your dealings with this website, you can contact:
webmaster@shakespearehigh.com.
© 2001-2018 Amy Ulen & ShakespeareHigh.com.
All Rights Reserved.© 1994-2002 Amy Ulen & Surfing with the Bard.
All Rights Reserved.Contact Us | Privacy Statement | Site Disclaimer