http://www.doorsinfo.com/privacy
HomeAlbumsBooksVideosMagazinesSearchAdvanced Login Privacy StatementINTRODUCTIONFourEleven Tech, LLC ("us", "we", or "our") operates https://www.doorsinfo.com (the "Site"). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Site.Your privacy is essential to us and we believe that privacy is a top priority. We know that you care how information about you is used and shared. Thus, we provide this Privacy Policy to summarize our procedures and practices as regards to information collection and use. This will serve you as a guide in making an intelligent decision in sharing your information with us. We use your Personal Information only for providing and improving the Site. By using the Site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. SCOPEThis Privacy Policy applies only within this website and other pages where this policy appears. This would describe and explain how we take care and handle your personal information you shared to us. By accepting the Privacy Policy and the User Agreement in registration, you expressly consent to our collection, storage, use and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. COLLECTION & HOW USEWhile using our Site, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to your name, email address, local timezone, default browser language and access token and/or secret token and user id of the user associated social network(s) ("Personal Information").Once collected, we will store your information for a reasonable period of time for record keeping purposes. The information that we store is sometimes deleted as space requires or in the normal course of business. LOG DATALike many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Site ("Log Data").This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.In addition, we may use third party services such as Google Analytics that collect, monitor and analyze the anonymous data collected. To find out more about how https://www.google.com/analytics manages the privacy of information, please go to http://www.google.com/privacy.html. DISCLOSUREWe may share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when: (1) permitted or required by law; or, (2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or, (3) investigating fraud which has already taken place. The information is not provided to these, or any, companies for marketing purposes. COOKIESDoorsInfo.Com uses cookie and tracking technology depending on the features offered. Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer's hard drive. Cookie and tracking technology are useful for gathering information such as tracking the number of visitors to the Site, and understanding how visitors use the Site. Cookies can also help customize the Site for visitors. Like many sites, we use "cookies" to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Site. SECURITYAll collected information is stored in a technically and physically secure environment. We do everything in our power to protect PII (including Sensitive Information) off-line. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect our end-users' personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information that you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. ACCESSING AND UPDATING PERSONAL INFORMATIONWhen you use our services, we make good faith efforts to provide you with access to your personal information and either to correct this data if it is inaccurate or to delete such data at your request if it is not otherwise required to be retained by law or for legitimate business purposes. We ask individual users to identify themselves and the information requested to be accessed, corrected or removed before processing such requests, and we may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic, require disproportionate technical effort, jeopardize the privacy of others, or would be extremely impractical, or for which access is not otherwise required. In any case where we provide information access and correction, we perform this service free of charge, except if doing so would require a disproportionate effort. Some of our services have different procedures to access, correct or delete users’ personal information. We do retain personal information from closed accounts to comply with law, prevent fraud, collect any fees owed, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our policies and take other actions otherwise permitted by law. THIRD PARTIESWe provide links to Web sites outside of our web sites, as well as to third party Web sites. These linked sites are not under our control, and we cannot accept responsibility for the conduct of companies linked to our website. Before disclosing your personal information on any other website, we advise you to examine the terms and conditions of using that Web site and its privacy statement. MINORSDoorsInfo.com is not intended for visitors that are minors or under eighteen (18) years of age. DoorsInfo.com does not knowingly solicit or collect information from individuals under the age of eighteen (18). If we determine that we have inadvertently collected personal information from someone under eighteen (18) years of age, we will take reasonable steps to purge this information from our database. We encourage parents and guardians to spend time online with their children and to participate and monitor the Internet activities of their children. CHANGES AND AMENDMENTS & NOTIFICATION OF CHANGESDoorsInfo.com reserves the right to change or update this Privacy Policy at any time by posting a clear and conspicuous notice on the Website explaining that we are changing our Privacy Policy. All Privacy Policy changes will take effect immediately upon their posting on the Website. Please check the Website periodically for any changes. Your continued use of the Website and/or acceptance of our e-mail communications following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of any and all changes. Free Privacy Policy Generator