https://www.sodastream.com.au/terms-of-use/
Search site:
Go
Advanced Search
Home
/
Terms of Use | SodaStream Australia
Terms Of Use
Print
Share
These terms and conditions
of Purchase ("Terms of Purchase") govern the sale of products
by SodaStream Australia Pty Ltd (ACN 104 202 093) and its affiliates ("SodaStream",
"we", "us" and "our") to
you.
Please read these Terms of Purchase carefully before placing an order with SodaStream. By placing an order with SodaStream, you signify your agreement to be bound by these Terms of Purchase.
1. OUR CONTRACT
Your order is an offer to
SodaStream to buy the product(s) in your order. When you place an order to
purchase a product from SodaStream, we will send you an e-mail confirming
receipt of your order and containing the details of your order (the "Order
Confirmation E-mail"). The Order Confirmation E-mail is
acknowledgement that we have received your order. It does not confirm
acceptance of your offer to buy the product(s) ordered. We only accept your
offer, and conclude the contract of sale for a product ordered by you, when we
dispatch the product to you. Your contract is with SodaStream.
These Terms of Purchase only apply to products which you buy directly from the SodaStream website www.sodastream.com.au ("Website").
They do not apply to any SodaStream products you buy from a third party such as retailer or other distributor.
These third parties will have their own terms of sale which apply to your purchase.
2. RETURNS
Please review our Returns Policy which applies to products sold by SodaStream.
3. PRICING AND AVAILABLITY
All payments must be made in full prior to delivery.
All prices on our Website are inclusive of legally applicable GST but do not include delivery costs.
We list availability information for products sold by us on our Website on each product information page. Beyond what we say on that page or otherwise on the Website, we cannot be more specific about availability. As we process your order, we will inform you by phone or e-mail as soon as possible if any products you order turn out to be unavailable and you will not be charged for those products.
Please note that, unless otherwise stated on the Website, delivery estimates are just that. They are not guaranteed delivery times and should not be relied upon as such.
Whilst we will endeavour to ensure that products are delivered as soon as possible, delivery is managed by a third party and we are not responsible for any delays in delivery.
4. TITLE AND RISK
Title and risk in the products you order transfers to you upon the completion of delivery.
5. APPLICABLE LAW
These Terms of Purchase are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Victoria, Australia. We both agree to submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Victoria, Australia and any courts which have the jurisdiction to hear appeals from them.
6. AMENDMENTS TO THE CONDITIONS OF SALE
We reserve the right to make changes to our Website, policies, and terms and conditions, including these Terms of Purchase, at any time. You will be subject to the Terms of Purchase and any other policies in force at the time that you order products from us, unless any change to those terms and conditions, policies or these Terms of Purchase is required to be made by law or government authority (in which case it may apply to orders previously placed by you).
If any section of these Terms of Purchase is deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that section will be deemed severable and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining section.
7. WAIVER
If you breach these Terms of Purchase and we take no action, we will still be entitled to use our rights and remedies in any other situation where you breach these Terms of Purchase.
8. OUR CONTACT DETAILS
Our contact details are found on this link:http://www.sodastream.com.au/contacts/
REGISTER TO WIN COMPETITION - TERMS & CONDITIONS
1. Information on how to enter and prizes form part of the conditions of entry. Entry into the competition is deemed acceptance of these terms and conditions.
2. Entry is open to Australian residents only (“Eligible Entrants”). The competition is not open to employees of SodaStream Australia, their agents, contractors, consultants, their families (including de-facto spouses) or to other persons assisting with the competition.
3. The Promoter is SodaStream Australia Pty Ltd (ABN: 81 104 202 093) (“Promoter”).
4. Prize offered is "A Years Supply of Flavours" which includes: 24x randomly chosen SodaStream Flavours.
5. To be eligible to win, Entrants must be over the age of 13 and enter on the Product Registration page.
6. Entrants must enter in all mandatory details in order to be eligible to win.
7. Only one entry per person will be accepted.
8. Competition closes on December 31st 2018 and a winner will be notified at the beginning of each month.
9. The winning entry will be chosen at random each month.
10. Winners may be asked to confirm either their postal address, phone number and/or email address before prize is dispatched. The Promoter will bear the cost of delivery but all other costs associated with the taking and use of the prize (including taxes, etc.) is the responsibility of the winners.
11. Winners will be notified either by email or by phone call. If the winner does not reply to the email or phone call within 21 days, the Promoter reserves the right to offer the prize to the next entrant whose entry meets the criteria or to reoffer the prize in any future promotion.
12. Incomplete and incomprehensible entries or incorrect contact details are not eligible to win. The Promoter accepts no responsibility for misdirected, lost or delayed entries and entries not received for any reason during the Promotion Period, or for any technical difficulties with entry.
13. Any entrant who, in the opinion of the Promoter, tampers or interferes with the entry process in any way, or who does not properly comply with the entry process, will be ineligible to win.
14. The prize must be taken as stated. The prize is not transferable or exchangeable.
15. The Promoter will not be held liable for any loss, damage or injury which results directly or indirectly from the competition, except that which cannot be excluded by law.
16. All entries become the property of the Promoter. By entering the competition entrants understand and agree that the Promoter (and it’s affiliates and companies that work for the Promoter) may use and disclose the information provided by them by entering the information into a database for future promotional, marketing or publicity purposes, subject to any applicable privacy laws.
17. The prize value will be as per competition post. All values quoted are current as at the time of post date and are subject to change.
18. The Promoter reserves the right to modify these rules, suspend or discontinue this competition at any time.
19. These rules are governed by the laws of Australia.
20. Entry into this competition is restricted to those aged 13 years of age or older.
BUBBLE CLUB COMPETITION - TERMS & CONDITIONS
1. Information on how to enter and prizes form part of the conditions of entry. Entry into the competition is deemed acceptance of these terms and conditions.
2. Entry is open to Australian residents only (“Eligible Entrants”). The competition is not open to employees of SodaStream Australia, their agents, contractors, consultants, their families (including de-facto spouses) or to other persons assisting with the competition.
3. The Promoter is SodaStream Australia Pty Ltd (ABN: 81 104 202 093) (“Promoter”).
4. Prize offered is 1 x SodaStream Spirit White, 1x Sparkling Creations Recipe Book, 2 x Soda Press Co syrups (to be chosen by the promoter) and 1 x twin pack of spare white carbonating bottles.
5. To be eligible to win, Entrants must be over the age of 13 and enter by joining the Bubble Club before 30.06.2020.
6. Entrants must enter in all mandatory details in order to be eligible to win.
7. Only one entry per person will be accepted.
8. Competition closes on June 30th 2020 and a winner will be notified via a post in the group.
9. The winning entry will be chosen at random by a group of panelists.
10. Winners may be asked to confirm either their postal address, phone number and/or email address before prize is dispatched. The Promoter will bear the cost of delivery but all other costs associated with the taking and use of the prize (including taxes, etc.) is the responsibility of the winners.
11. Winners will be notified via Facebook post. If the winner does not reply to the email or phone call within 21 days, the Promoter reserves the right to offer the prize to the next entrant whose entry meets the criteria or to re-offer the prize in any future promotion.
12. Incomplete and incomprehensible entries or incorrect contact details are not eligible to win. The Promoter accepts no responsibility for misdirected, lost or delayed entries and entries not received for any reason during the Promotion Period, or for any technical difficulties with entry.
13. Any entrant who, in the opinion of the Promoter, tampers or interferes with the entry process in any way, or who does not properly comply with the entry process, will be ineligible to win.
14. The prize must be taken as stated. The prize is not transferable or exchangeable.
15. The Promoter will not be held liable for any loss, damage or injury which results directly or indirectly from the competition, except that which cannot be excluded by law.
16. All entries become the property of the Promoter. By entering the competition entrants understand and agree that the Promoter (and it’s affiliates and companies that work for the Promoter) may use and disclose the information provided by them by entering the information into a database for future promotional, marketing or publicity purposes, subject to any applicable privacy laws.
17. The prize value will be as per competition post. All values quoted are current as at the time of post date and are subject to change.
18. The Promoter reserves the right to modify these rules, suspend or discontinue this competition at any time.
19. These rules are governed by the laws of Australia.
20. Entry into this competition is restricted to those aged 13 years of age or older.Back to top
Enjoy a Sparkling Moment
Shop
Sparkling Water Makers
Flavours
Bottles
CO2 Cylinders
Accessories
Sale
How it Works
The SodaStream System
The 3 Step Guide
Video Demonstration
Cylinder Exchange Information
Coles Express Cylinder Exchange
About SodaStream
About SodaStream
Vision & Mission
Milestones
Why SodaStream
Why SodaStream
Health & Wellness
Fresh and Convenient
Value
Environment
Useful Links
FAQs
Store Locator
Contact Us
Returns Policy
Delivery Information
Online Retailers
Privacy Policy
Social Media Contest - Terms of Use
Product Registration
Manuals and User Guides
Corporate
SodaStream Leadership
Careers
Samsung Sparkling Fridge
Media & Press
In The News
Press Releases
Terms of Use
Ocean Of The Future
The Truth About Sparkling Water
#SodaStreamCreations
Recipes
Bubbles In The Kitchen
Sign up for our Newsletter to get the latest news and offers
Submit
© SodaStream 2018
Site by