https://www.reelviews.net/page/privacy-policy
Adam Cooper
Joie Lee
Haley Lu ...
Action Western
Home
Video Views
ReelThoughts
Currently in
Cinema
ReelViews
Library
BECOME A PATREON
Login
Array
(
[page] => page
[view] => privacy-policy
)
Privacy Policy
Data protection
The protection of personal data has a very high priority at reelviews.net. We collect, store and process personal data exclusively in accordance with the applicable data protection regulations. Our websites may contain links to websites of other providers, to which this privacy policy does not extend. We can not assume any liability for the handling of third parties with your personal data. We point out that data transmission over the internet (e-mail, for example) can have security gaps. A complete protection of the data from access by third parties is not possible. Our privacy policy applies solely to the use of the data by reelviews.net.
Information about the security of the data
We secure our website by technical and organizational measures against loss, destruction, access, modification or dissemination of your data by unauthorized persons.
1. Name and contact details of the controller and the company data protection officer
The person in charge can be found in the imprint.
The company data protection officer can be reached under contact.
2. Collection and storage of personal data as well as the nature and purpose of their use
a) When visiting the website
When you visit our website reelviews.net, the browser used on your device automatically sends information to the server of our website. This information is temporarily stored in a so-called log file. The following information will be collected without your intervention and stored until automated deletion:
IP address of the requesting computer,
Date and time of access,
Name and URL of the retrieved file,
Website from which access is made (referrer URL),
used browser and, if applicable, the operating system of your computer as well as the name of your access provider.
The data mentioned are processed by us for the following purposes:
Ensuring a smooth connection of the website,
Ensuring comfortable use of our website,
Evaluation of system security and stability as well
for further administrative purposes.
The legal basis for data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. f DSGVO. Our legitimate interest follows from the data collection purposes listed above. In no case we use the collected data for the purpose of drawing conclusions about you.
In addition, we use cookies and analysis services when visiting our website. Further details can be found under no. 4 and 5 of this privacy policy.
b) When registering for our newsletter
If, pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. a DSGVO have expressly consented, we use your e-mail address to regularly send you our newsletter. For the receipt of the newsletter the indication of an e-mail address is sufficient.
The deregistration is possible at any time, for example via a link at the end of each newsletter.
c) By using our contact form
For questions of any kind, we offer you the opportunity to contact us via a form provided on the website. It is necessary to provide a valid e-mail address so that we know who the request came from and to answer it. Further information can be provided voluntarily.
The data processing for the purpose of contacting us is in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a DSGVO based on your voluntarily granted consent.
The personal data collected by us for the use of the contact form will be automatically deleted after completion of the request made by you.
3. Disclosure of data
A transfer of your personal data to third parties for purposes other than those listed below does not take place.
We only share your personal information with third parties if:
You your according to Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a DSGVO have given express consent to this
the disclosure pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f DSGVO is required to assert, exercise or defend legal claims and there is no reason to assume that you have a predominantly legitimate interest in not disclosing your data,
in the event that disclosure pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. c DSGVO is a legal obligation, as well
this is legally permissible and according to Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. b DSGVO is required for the settlement of contractual relationships with you.
4. Cookies
We use cookies on our site. These are small files that your browser automatically creates and that are stored on your device (laptop, tablet, smartphone, etc.) when you visit our site. Cookies do not harm your device, do not contain viruses, Trojans or other malicious software.
In the cookie information is stored, each resulting in connection with the specific terminal used. However, this does not mean that we are immediately aware of your identity.
On the one hand, the use of cookies serves to make the use of our offer more pleasant for you. For example, we use so-called session cookies to recognize that you have already visited individual pages on our website. These are automatically deleted after leaving our page.
In addition, to improve usability, we also use temporary cookies that are stored on your device for a specified period of time. If you visit our site again to take advantage of our services, it will automatically recognize that you have already been with us and what inputs and settings you have made, so you do not have to re-enter them.
On the other hand, we use cookies in order to statistically record the use of our website and to evaluate it for the purpose of optimizing our offer (see Section 5). These cookies allow us to automatically recognize when you visit our site again that you have already been with us. These cookies are automatically deleted after a defined time.
The data processed by cookies are for the purposes mentioned in order to safeguard our legitimate interests as well as third parties according to Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f DSGVO required.
Most browsers accept cookies automatically. However, you can configure your browser so that no cookies are stored on your computer or always a hint appears before a new cookie is created. However, disabling cookies completely may mean that you can not use all features of our website.
5. Analysis tools
a) Tracking tools
The tracking measures listed below and used by us are based on Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f DSGVO. With the tracking measures to be used, we want to ensure a needs-based design and the continuous optimization of our website. On the other hand, we use the tracking measures to statistically record and evaluate the use of our website in order to optimize our offer for you. These interests are to be considered justified within the meaning of the abovementioned provision.
The respective data processing purposes and data categories can be found in the corresponding tracking tools.
i) Google Analytics1
To customize and continually optimize our pages, we use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. (https://www.google.com/intl/en/about/) (1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA, below "Google"). In this context, pseudonymised usage profiles are created and cookies (see point 4) are used. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website such as
Browser type / version,
used operating system,
Referrer URL (the previously visited page),
Host name of the accessing computer (IP address),
Time of server request,
will be transferred to a Google server in the US and stored there. The information is used to evaluate the use of the website, to compile reports on website activity and to provide other services related to website activity and internet usage, for the purpose of market research and tailor-made website design. This information may also be transferred to third parties if required by law or if third parties process this information in the order. In no case will your IP address be merged with other data provided by Google. The IP addresses are anonymized, so that an assignment is not possible (IP masking).
You can prevent the installation of cookies by setting the browser software accordingly; however, we point out that in this case not all features of this website may be fully exploited.
You may also collect the data generated by the cookie, as well as the use of this website (including your IP address) and the processing of this data by Google by downloading and installing a browser add-on (https: // tools google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en).
As an alternative to the browser add-on, especially for browsers on mobile devices, you can prevent the collection by Google Analytics by clicking on this link. An opt-out cookie will be set which prevents the future collection of your data when visiting this website. The opt-out cookie is only valid in this browser and only for our website and is stored on your device. If you delete the cookies in this browser, you must reset the opt-out cookie.
For more information about privacy in relation to Google Analytics, see the Google Analytics Help Center (https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en).
ii) Google Adwords Conversion Tracking
To statistically record the use of our website and rate it to optimize our website, we also use Google Conversion Tracking. Google Adwords uses a cookie on your computer (see section 4) if you have reached our website through a Google ad.
These cookies lose their validity after 30 days and are not used for personal identification. If the user visits certain pages on the AdWords Customer Website and the cookie has not expired, Google and the customer will be able to recognize that the user clicked on the ad and was redirected to that page.
Each advertiser receives a different cookie. Cookies can not be tracked through the websites of Adwords customers. The information collected with the conversion cookie is used to generate conversion statistics for AdWords advertisers who have selected conversion tracking. Advertisers hear the total number of users who clicked on their ad and were redirected to a conversion tracking tag page. However, they do not receive information that personally identifies users.
If you do not want to participate in the tracking process, you can also opt out of the required setting of a cookie - for example, via a browser setting that generally disables the automatic setting of cookies. You can also disable cookies for conversion tracking by setting your browser to
If you do not want to participate in the tracking process, you can also refuse the required setting of a cookie - for example, via a browser setting that generally disables the automatic setting of cookies. You can also disable cookies for conversion tracking by setting your browser to block cookies from the domain "www.googleadservices.com". Google's privacy policy on conversion tracking can be found here (https://services.google.com/sitestats/en.html).
6. Social Media Plug-ins
We rely on our website on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f DSGVO social plug-ins from the social networks Facebook, Twitter and Instagram, in order to make our law firm better known. The underlying commercial purpose is to be regarded as a legitimate interest within the meaning of the GDPR. Responsibility for the operation compliant with data protection is to be guaranteed by their respective providers. The integration of these plug-ins by us is done by means of the so-called two-click method to protect visitors to our website in the best possible way.
a) Facebook
On our website social media plugins from Facebook are used to personalize their use. For this we use the "LIKE" or "SHARE" button. It is an offer from Facebook.
If you visit a page of our website that contains such a plugin, your browser establishes a direct connection to the Facebook servers. The content of the plugin is transmitted by Facebook directly to your browser and incorporated by him into the website.
By integrating the plugins, Facebook receives the information that your browser has accessed the corresponding page of our website, even if you do not have a Facebook account or are currently not logged in to Facebook. This information (including your IP address) is transmitted from your browser directly to a Facebook server in the US and stored there.
If you are logged in to Facebook, Facebook can assign the visit to our website directly to your Facebook account. If you interact with the plugins, for example by pressing the "LIKE" or "SHARE" button, the corresponding information is also transmitted directly to a Facebook server and stored there. The information will also be posted on Facebook and displayed to your Facebook friends.
Facebook may use this information for the purpose of advertising, market research and tailor-made Facebook pages. For this purpose, Facebook uses user, interest and relationship profiles, eg. For example, to evaluate your use of our website in relation to the advertisements displayed on Facebook, to inform other Facebook users about your activities on our website, and to provide other services related to the use of Facebook.
If you do not want Facebook to assign the data collected via our website to your Facebook account, you must log out of Facebook before visiting our website.
The purpose and scope of the data collection and the further processing and use of the data by Facebook, as well as your related rights and settings options for the protection of your privacy, please refer to the privacy policy (https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/) of Facebook.
b) Twitter
On our website plugins of the short message network of Twitter Inc. (Twitter) are integrated. The Twitter plugins (tweet button) can be recognized by the Twitter logo on our site. An overview of tweet buttons can be found here (https://about.twitter.com/resources/buttons).
When you visit a page of our website that contains such a plugin, a direct connection is established between your browser and the Twitter server. Twitter receives the information that you have visited our site with your IP address. If you click on the Twitter "tweet button" while logged in to your Twitter account, you can link the contents of our pages to your Twitter profile. This allows Twitter to associate your visit to our pages with your user account. We point out that we as the provider of the pages are not aware of the content of the transmitted data and their use by Twitter.
If you do not want Twitter to associate your visit to our pages, please log out of your Twitter account.
More information can be found in the privacy policy of Twitter (https://twitter.com/privacy).
c) Instagram
Our website also uses so-called social plugins ("plugins") operated by Instagram LLC, 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA ("Instagram").
The plugins are marked with an Instagram logo, for example in the form of an "Instagram camera".
When you visit a page of our website that contains such a plugin, your browser connects directly to Instagram's servers. The content of the plugin is transmitted by Instagram directly to your browser and integrated into the page. Through this integration, Instagram receives the information that your browser has accessed the corresponding page of our website, even if you do not have an Instagram profile or are currently not logged in to Instagram.
This information (including your IP address) is sent from your browser directly to an Instagram server in the US and stored there. If you're logged in to Instagram, Instagram can instantly associate your visit to our website with your Instagram account. If you interact with the plugins, for example, press the "Instagram" button, this information is also transmitted directly to an Instagram server and stored there.
The information will also be posted on your Instagram account and displayed there to your contacts.
If you do not want Instagram to directly map the data collected through our website to your Instagram account, you'll need to log out of Instagram before visiting our website.
For more information, please see the privacy policy (https://help.instagram.com/155833707900388) of Instagram.
7. Affected rights
You have the right:
in accordance with Art. 15 DSGVO, to request information about your personal data processed by us. In particular, you can provide information on the processing purposes, the category of personal data, the categories of recipients to whom your data has been disclosed, the planned retention period, the right to rectification, deletion, limitation of processing or opposition, the existence of a The right to complain, the source of their data, if not collected from us, and the existence of automated decision-making including profiling and, where appropriate, meaningful information about their details;
pursuant to Art. 16 DSGVO, to demand the correction of incorrect or completed personal data stored by us immediately;
in accordance with Art. 17 DSGVO, to demand the deletion of your personal data stored by us, except where the processing is for the exercise of the right to freedom of expression and information, for the fulfillment of a legal obligation, for reasons of public interest or for the assertion, exercise or defense of legal claims is required;
in accordance with Art. 18 GDPR to demand the restriction of the processing of your personal data, as far as the accuracy of the data is disputed by you, the processing is unlawful, but you reject their deletion and we no longer need the data, but you this to assert, exercise or defense of legal claims or you have objected to processing in accordance with Art. 21 GDPR;
pursuant to Art. 20 GDPR to obtain your personal data provided to us in a structured, common and machine-readable format or to request the transfer to another person responsible;
pursuant to Art. 7 para. 3 DSGVO your once granted consent to revoke against us at any time. As a result, we are not allowed to continue the data processing based on this consent for the future and
according to Art. 77 GDPR to complain to a supervisory authority. As a rule, you can contact the supervisory authority of your usual place of residence or work or our office.
8. Right of objection
If your personal data are based on legitimate interests in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f DSGVO are processed, you have the right to file an objection against the processing of your personal data in accordance with Art. 21 DSGVO, provided that there are reasons for this arising from your particular situation or the objection is directed against direct mail. In the latter case, you have a general right of objection, which is implemented by us without specifying any particular situation.
If you would like to exercise your right of revocation or objection, please send an e-mail via our contact form.
9. Data security
We use the popular SSL (Secure Socket Layer) method within the site visit, in conjunction with the highest level of encryption supported by your browser. In general, this is a 256-bit encryption. If your browser does not support 256-bit encryption, we'll use 128-bit v3 technology instead. Whether a single page of our website is encrypted is shown by the closed representation of the key or lock icon in the lower status bar of your browser.
We also take appropriate technical and organizational security measures to protect your data against accidental or intentional manipulation, partial or total loss, destruction or against unauthorized access by third parties. Our security measures are continuously improved in line with technological developments.
10. Updating and changing this privacy policy
This privacy policy is currently valid and is valid as of February 2020.
As a result of the further development of our website and offers thereof or due to changed legal or official requirements, it may be necessary to change this privacy policy.
The ReelViews Privacy Policy: ReelViews does not identify or collect any information of a personal or private nature from users of this site. We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here. Your privacy is of the utmost concern to us.
Comments
Add Comment
Comments are disabled.