https://www.kyleesplin.com/shop/privacy-policy/
Expand/collapse navigation
Home Kyle Esplin Theatre ShowKyle Esplin Rock 'n' Roll ShowNew Album releaseAbout Extended BiographyDiscography And Recording SessionsThe Esplin FamilyShop About Kyle's CD's & DVD'sSvitlana EsplinListen To Svitlana's CDPrivacy PolicyTerms & ConditionsBlogVideosPhotosMediaReviewsLatest NewsTour DatesPress KitContact
Kyle Esplin
Kyle Esplin
HomeNew Album releaseAboutShopAbout Kyle's CD's & DVD'sSvitlana EsplinListen To Svitlana's CDPrivacy PolicyTerms & ConditionsBlogVideosPhotosMediaReviewsLatest NewsTour DatesPress KitContact
Privacy Policy
1. Introduction
This Privacy Notice explains in detail the types of personal data we may collect about you when you interact with us. It also explains how we’ll store and handle that data, and keep it safe.
2. What is Kyle Esplin?
Kyle Esplin – is a sole trader business providing entertainment services. It is not a limited company.
3. Explaining the legal bases we rely on
The law on data protection, based on the General Data Protection Regulation and formerly the Data Protection Act, sets out a number of different reasons for which a company may collect and process
your personal data, including:
Consent
In specific situations, we can collect and process your data with your consent. This may be when you have ticked a box to receive regular communications from us in a paper or electronic document or
on our website.
When collecting your personal data, we’ll always make clear to you which data is necessary in connection with a particular service.
Contractual obligations In certain circumstances, we need your personal data to comply with our contractual obligations. Ifyou have booked us to provide a performance or our entertainment services
then we will need your contact details for example.
Legitimate interest In specific situations, we require your data to pursue our legitimate interests in a way which might reasonably be expected as part of running our business and which does not
materially impact your rights, freedom or interests. For example if we have worked for you before we may use your address details to send you direct marketing information by post telling you about
our services that we think my interest you.
4. When do we collect personal data?
When you visit our website.
When you make a purchase.
When you engage with us on social media.
When you contact us by any means to make enquiries.
When you comment on or review our products and services.
5. What sort of personal data do we collect?
For a purchase or enquiry: your name and address as necessary address and contact name, email, telephone and mobile numbers.
Details of your interactions with us such as with our website, email and social media.
Copies of documents you provide us or signed contracts
Payment information.
Your comments and reviews.
Your social media username, if you interact with us through those channels, to help us respond to your comments, questions or feedback.
6. How and why do we use your personal data?
If you wish to change how we use your data, you’ll find details in the ‘What are my rights?’ section below.
Remember, if you choose not to share your personal data with us, or refuse certain contact permissions, we might not be able to provide some services you’ve asked for.
Here’s how we’ll use your personal data and why:
To perform any contract we’ve agreed with you. If we don’t collect your personal data during this process, we won’t be able to provide the required services and comply with our legal
obligations.
To respond to your queries or complaints. Handling the information you sent enables us to respond. We may also keep a record of these to inform any future communication with us and to demonstrate
how we communicated with you throughout. We do this on the basis of our contractual obligations to you, our legal obligations and our legitimate interests in providing you with the best service and
understanding how we can improve our service based on your experience.
To protect our business from fraud and other illegal activities. We’ll do all of this as part of our legitimate interest.
With your consent, we will use your personal data to keep you informed by email, web, text, telephone about relevant products and services including tailored special offers, discounts,
promotions, events, competitions and so on.
Of course, you are free to opt out of hearing from us by any of these channels at any time.
To send you relevant, personalised communications by post in relation to updates, offers, services and products. We’ll do this on the basis of our legitimate business interest.
You are free to opt out of hearing from us by post at any time.
To send you communications required by law or which are necessary to inform you about our changes to the services we provide you. For example, updates to this Privacy Notice, product recall
notices, and legally required information relating to your orders. These service messages will not include any promotional content and do not require prior consent when sent by email or text message.
If we do not use your personal data for these purposes, we would be unable to comply with our legal obligations.
To develop, test and improve the systems, services and products we provide to you. We’ll do this on the basis of our legitimate business interests.
To send you survey and feedback requests to help improve our services. These messages will not include any promotional content and do not require prior consent when sent by email or text message.
We have a legitimate interest to do so as this helps make our products or services more relevant to you.
At the end of that retention period, your data will either be deleted completely or anonymised, for example by aggregation with other data so that it can be used in a non-identifiable way for
statistical analysis and business planning.
Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs (HMRC) requires us to keep records of contracts, payments and invoices for 7 years. We will therefore normally hold information of any contracts for this long.
9. Who do we share your personal data with?
We sometimes share your personal data with trusted third parties. Circumstances may be as follows:
To have items delivered to site before an event
If there are other entertainers or performers booked by us as part of an event
Should that be necessary:
We provide only the information they need to perform their specific services.
They may only use your data for the exact purposes we specify in our contract with them.
We work closely with them to ensure that your privacy is respected and protected at all times.
10. Where your personal data may be processed
Unless we inform you otherwise your data will not be processed outside the UK.
11. What are your rights over personal data
An overview of your rights
You have the right to request:
Access to the personal data we hold about you, free of charge in most cases.
The correction of your personal data when incorrect, out of date or incomplete.
The right to deletion, for example when you withdraw consent, or object and we have no legitimate overriding interest, or once the purpose for which we hold the data has come to an end (such as
the end of a warranty).
That we stop using your personal data for direct marketing (either through specific channels, or all channels).
That we stop any consent-based processing of your personal data after you withdraw that consent.
You have the right to request a copy of any information about you that we hold at any time, and also to have that information corrected if it is inaccurate. To ask for your information, please
contact us by clicking here. If we decide not to action your request we will explain to you the reasons for our refusal.
Your right to withdraw consent
Whenever you have given us your consent to use your personal data, you have the right to change your mind at any time and withdraw that consent.
Where we rely on our legitimate interest
In cases where we are processing your personal data on the basis of our legitimate interest, you can ask us to stop for reasons connected to your individual situation. We must then do so unless we
believe we have a legitimate overriding reason to continue processing your personal data.
Direct marketing
You have the right to stop the use of your personal data for direct marketing activity through all channels, or selected channels. We must always comply with your request.
12. How can you stop the use of your data for direct marketing
You can stop direct marketing communications from us by contacting us by telephone, email, post or via social media.
13. Contacting the Regulator
If you feel that your data has not been handled correctly, or you are unhappy with our response to any requests you have made to us regarding the use of your personal data, you have the right to
lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO).
You can contact them by calling 0303 123 1113. Or go online to www.ico.org.uk/concerns (opens in a new window; please note we can't be responsible for the content of external websites)
If you are based outside the UK, you have the right to lodge your complaint with the relevant data protection regulator in your country of residence. Details can be found in Section 16.
14. If you live outside the UK
By using our services or providing your personal data to us, you expressly consent to the processing of your personal data by us or on our behalf. Of course, you still have the right to ask us not to
process your data in certain ways, and if you do so, we will respect your wishes.
Sometimes we’ll need to transfer your personal data between countries to enable us to supply the goods or services you’ve requested. In the ordinary course of business, we may transfer your personal
data from your country of residence to ourselves and to third parties located in the UK.
By dealing with us, you are giving your consent to this overseas use, transfer and disclosure of your personal data outside your country of residence for our ordinary business purposes.
This may occur because our information technology storage facilities and servers are located outside your country of residence, and could include storage of your personal data on servers in the
UK.
We’ll ensure that reasonable steps are taken to prevent third parties outside your country of residence using your personal data in any way that’s not set out in this Privacy Notice. We’ll also make
sure we adequately protect the confidentiality and privacy of your personal data.
15. Any Questions?
We hope this Privacy Notice has been helpful in setting out the way we handle your personal data and your rights to control it.
If you have any questions that haven’t been covered, please contact us.
About Kyle's CD's & DVD'sSvitlana EsplinListen To Svitlana's CDPrivacy PolicyTerms & Conditions
Follow @KyleEsplin
CD's, DVD's and Merchandise
Subscribe to Kyle's free newsletter!
Share
Print
|
Sitemap
Recommend this page
© Kyle Esplin 2013
Web ViewMobile View
Logout |
Edit page