https://www.pembrokeshirecoast.wales/planning/planning-policy/local-development-plan-2/local-development-plan-replacement-stages/preferred-strategy/
Jump to Main content
Highlight Links
High contrast Mode
Readable Fonts
Greyscale Mode
Invert Mode
XClose this tab
Search for:
Search
PLEASE NOTE THE PREFERRED STRATEGY AND KEY DIAGRAM CONSULTATION IS NOW CLOSED.
After preparing the Authority’s Review Report and Delivery Agreement, the next stage is developing the Preferred Strategy.
This document sets out the overall direction proposed for the Pembrokeshire Coast National Park Local Development Plan 2015 – 2031. As it is a replacement Plan it sets out many of the detailed policies normally found in a deposit plan.
The Preferred Strategy and Key Diagram is available for consultation.
Your comments on this draft Strategy are invited. Comments Form (see question 1).
A summary of the strategy and Easy Read and Print versions are available to facilitate engagement and understanding. Comments made must however relate to the main document.
Candidate Sites Register: Land allocations are not set out in the Preferred Strategy but will be set out in a future ‘Deposit Plan.’
In anticipation of preparing that Plan the Authority has invited anyone with an interest in land to submit sites for consideration for inclusion in the Local Development Plan. In addition, the Authority has considered if there are any other sites which may be suitable for development.
An assessment of which sites accord or do not accord with the Preferred Strategy has been undertaken. Sites not proposed at this stage by the local planning authority could be introduced later in the plan making or examination processes if the need arises. Now is the appropriate time to make representations on any sites identified. (See question 2 on the comments form – link above.)
Preferred Strategy Site Submission: Those submitting changes to proposals for candidate sites already submitted (for example the size of the site) or proposing new sites for consideration will need to complete a site submission form and test their site using the Sustainability Appraisal framework.
Sustainability Appraisal: An appraisal of the Plan has been undertaken to understand the social, environmental and economic effects of the proposals contained in both Plans (see question 3 on the comments form – link above if you wish to make comment).
Equalities Impact Assessment: An Equalities Impact Assessment of the Plan has also been undertaken. The requirement to assess impact means that the Authority must consider relevant evidence in order to understand the likely or actual effect of policies and practices on protected groups.
Evidence Base: The evidence base used to support and justify the drafting of the Plan includes background papers prepared by the Authority and publications by other key stakeholders.
Review Report: This Report sets out what matters needed to be addressed in the Replacement Plan. Additional issues have also arisen since the Review Report was prepared.
How can you get involved?
Submit your comments on the published documents (links above). If you comment your details will be recorded and you will be notified of the outcome of this consultation and of future stages in the Plan process.
Comments should be sent in writing to the Head of Park Direction, Pembrokeshire Coast National Park Authority, Llanion Park, Pembroke Dock, Pembrokeshire, SA72 6DY or may be emailed to devplans@pembrokeshirecoast.org.uk before 4.30pm on Friday, 21 July, 2017.
Next Steps
Please note that responses received will be considered by the Authority and a general description of how these comments have affected the policies and proposals of the Local Development Plan will be fed back to respondents  as soon as reasonably practicable.
A schedule of individual site related comments or suggestions for new site allocations will also be published.
For these reasons please note that your comments and any identifying information contained in your response will not remain confidential.
More on Local Development Plan 2
Supplementary Planning Guidance (LDP2)
Read more
Sustainability Appraisal Scoping Report
The Sustainability Appraisal Scoping Report sets out the sustainability appraisal issues and objectives/criteria against which the Replacement Local D...
Read more
Preparation Stages
These are the stages in preparing a replacement Local Development Plan.
Read more
LDP Review Report
The Review Report sets out where changes are required, what needs to change and why, based on evidence.
Read more
Delivery Agreement
The Delivery Agreement is a public statement that contains a Timetable for preparing a Revision of a Local Development Plan setting out how and when s...
Read more
Community Council Workshops
Community and Town Councils can provide a central source of information for their local communities, help to raise awareness of the LDP process and ar...
Read more
Background papers
These Background Papers will be updated and added to throughout the preparation of the Plan.
Read more
Appraisal Processes
Environmental, Social and Economic Appraisals for Local Development Plan 2
Read more
Get In Touch
Contact us and register your details to get the latest updates on what's happening in the Pembrokeshire Coast National Park.
Contact Us
Cookie Policy
To help us make this website better, the cookie settings are set to ‘allow all cookies’. If you continue without changing these settings, you consent to this – for more information and to change this at any time, see our cookie policy and privacy policy.
I understand
View Basket
Checkout
Continue Shopping