http://www.sewfastseweasy.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy:Michelle Nathaniel ("Michelle") operates sewfastseweasy.com and may operate other websites. It is Michelle Nathaniel policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Michelle collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Michelle Nathaniel purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Michelle Nathaniel visitors use its website. From time to time, Michelle may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Michelle also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on sewfastseweasy.com blogs/sites. Michelle only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Michelle Nathaniel websites choose to interact with Michelle in ways that require Michelle to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Michelle gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up
at sewfastseweasy.com to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Michelle are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Michelle collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with Michelle. Michelle does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Michelle may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. Michelle may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Michelle does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Michelle discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Michelle Nathaniel behalf or to provide services available at Michelle Nathaniel websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Michelle Nathaniel websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Michelle will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Michelle discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Michelle believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Michelle, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an Michelle website and have supplied your email address, Michelle may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with Michelle and our products.
If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Michelle takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Michelle uses cookies to help Michelle identify and track visitors, their usage of Michelle website, and their website access preferences. Michelle visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Michelle Nathaniel websites, with the drawback that certain features of Michelle Nathaniel websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Michelle, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Michelle goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Michelle may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Michelle and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Michelle may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Michelle Nathaniel sole discretion. Michelle encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a sewfastseweasy.com account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Search for:
Search
Recent Posts
A Brief Guide to Fight Aging
Things to Consider When Buying Perfume for a Gift
How to Apply Nail Gels
Essential Oils to Achieve Clear Skin
Tips on How to Prepare Yourself for a Hair Transplant
Picking the Best Software for Your Salon Business
A Closer Look at Hair Loss in Women
Pages
Lipstick Tips
Privacy Policy
Talk To Us
Terms
Who We Are
Pinterest
TagsBeauty
bottling
boutique
Breasts
Breasts Enhancement
causes of hair loss
concentration
costumes
diamond
diamond ring
fashion accessories
fashion statement
hair loss
hairstyles
hair transplant
hair transplant preparation
hippie
imitation
light
lotion
magnification
makeup
Manicures
Massage
massage spa
men accessories
men grooming
microdermabrasion
minimalist wallets
mirrors
Nail Care
natural
oils
online boutique
Pedicures
price
salon
short hair
skin
Skincare
stretch marks microdermabrasion
united kingdom online boutiques
uv lamp
Women's Health
Categories
Beauty
Fashion
Hair
Health
Men Grooming
Pedicure and Manicure
Services
Skin Care
Technology
Twitter
Tweets by @IYhhlzOIy1rhBj7