https://www.hipharp.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘Personally Identifiable Information’ (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to a newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form or enter information on our site.
Provide us with feedback on our products or services
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
• To personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
• To improve our website in order to better serve you.
• To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
• To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
• To quickly process your transactions.
• To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services.
• To follow up with you after correspondence (live chat, email or phone inquiries)
How do we protect your information?
Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.
We use regular Malware Scanning.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order, enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
Do we use ‘cookies’?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. We use cookies to understand and save user’s preferences for future visits.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since browser is a little different, look at your browser’s Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If users disable cookies in their browser:
If you turn cookies off, some features will be disabled. Some of the features that make your site experience more efficient and may not function properly.
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, follow the instructions at the bottom of each email and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us at:
info@hipharp.com
Follow Me
Search for:
Choose by CategoryChoose by Category
Select Category
*RockHarp Diaries*  (54)
Audience Feedback  (9)
Audio Clips (for media room only)  (7)
Baroque Flamenco  (29)
Baroque Flamenco Performances By Others  (26)
Bio  (3)
Birthdays  (11)
Blues  (28)
Broadway  (2)
Burnt Food Museum  (5)
Cartoons & Drawings  (3)
Celebration Barn  (13)
Celtic Memories  (5)
Coaching, Teaching, Students & Learning  (352)
Collaboration  (26)
Composer  (19)
Composing  (95)
Concerts  (24)
Creativity  (51)
Current Events  (13)
Events  (181)
Featured  (4)
Final Beginning Blues HarpStyle Projects (All Sessions)  (32)
Final Beginning Blues Harpstyle Student Projects (BHS3)  (24)
Final Beginning HHT Student Projects  (17)
Final Beginning Student Projects (All)  (52)
Food  (7)
Guest Blogger  (7)
Hard Knocks  (5)
Harness Your Muse  (6)
harp  (31)
Harping & Harpists  (241)
Harps  (80)
Hidden from Blog  (22)
high school  (1)
Hip Harp Academy  (72)
Holidays  (29)
I Remember…  (14)
Inside Look  (11)
Instrument (My Instrument)  (23)
Interviews  (16)
Jazz Harp  (32)
Kindness  (2)
Love Stories (Wired for Love)  (16)
Memoire  (10)
Marin Memories  (7)
Mom  (22)
Music  (13)
Musical Theater  (12)
musical theatre  (2)
MY Baroque Flamenco – Player’s Series  (24)
New Releases  (8)
Nightingale  (2)
Online Courses  (104)
People I Meet  (18)
Performance  (167)
Strings of Passion  (5)
Performer  (2)
Performing  (29)
Photo Gallery  (7)
Press Photos (for media room only)  (3)
Press Release  (29)
Projects  (46)
Quick Info  (5)
Random Thoughts  (60)
Re-DHC  (4)
Recordings  (34)
Residency  (2)
Romance  (5)
Running  (1)
Sheet Music (Sheet Music Store)  (8)
Social Media  (5)
Social Media Presence  (2)
Song Lyrics  (1)
Songwriting  (10)
Special Offers  (9)
StreetHarp  (4)
Tech  (6)
Tour Diaries  (26)
Travel  (7)
Uncategorized  (38)
Video  (16)
Video Clips (for media room only)  (10)
Webinar Sign-Up Pages  (12)
Weekly Ezine  (7)
[Class-HHT] Hip Harp Toolkit  (2)
[Class-SOP] Strings of Passion  (21)
[HHT] Hip Harp Toolkit Class  (3)
[Mentorship-HYMM] Harness Your Muse  (10)
Recent Posts
The 12 Blogposts of Christmas
The Gift – 15 Fantasies on Carols from Around the World
Harp By Candlelight
10 Reasons “HOLIDAY Lead Sheet Bootcamp” ROCKS! (For Harp Players)
LIVE On-Stage, for just a moment… Thank You
HARP time LIVE with DHC!
Safe Sets During Pandemic at the Regent Theater Live
On-Stage LIVE – Playing Her Way Out of Isolation [Press Release]
Jung at Harp & the Strings of Passion (YouTube Series)
First Theater Show since Pandemic Began – Live and Livestreamed
Blues Harp Style 2020 – Final Beginning Projects
The 5-Day Harp IMPROV Challenge – What People are Saying!
From My Living Room LIVE!
How does it WORK? What actually HAPPENS in Hip Harp Academy?
I meant to tell you… You’re Invited!
Magawa & Me – Soul Mates of the Food of Angels
Find the music – and let the notes go
Thank you ALL
A Soul’s Journey to Fit and Belong
Invention & Alchemy – Virtual Concert Finale (Press Release)
“Lead-Sheet Bootcamp” at Hip Harp Academy
Q&A about the “Invention & Alchemy” Summer 2020 Limited Streaming
Official “Invention & Alchemy” 2020 SHARING Resources
The Stories of “Invention & Alchemy” – One Piece at a Time
A Streaming World Premiere – Fifteen Years in the Making
TEDx Talk ‘from the Harp’
How My Dad Sang at His Own Funeral
Your Invited JULY 10th – Invention & Alchemy Streaming Premiere
Livestreaming from the Living Room – I LOVE YOUR COMMENTS!
The Architecture of Music Learning: One Song: The Nightingale
Search from the top 25 Tags BelowBaroque Flamenco
beginning
BF-Promo
Blues
Blues Harp-style
Boston
CAMAC
class
coaching
composer
composing
Concert
course
creativity
Deborah
Deborah Henson-Conant
DHC
education
electric harp
electric harpist
final
Harp
harpist
hipharp
Hip Harp Academy
hipharpist
jazz
learning
live concert
live music
Lose Your Blues
music
online
online course
online learning
project
Rock harp diaries
Steve Vai
Story of Light
student
TCAN
teaching
touring
webinar
workshop
Subscribe To Our NewsletterJoin our mailing list to receive the latest news and updates from our team.
SUBSCRIBE!
You have Successfully Subscribed!