http://www.djchat.com/privacy.html
Privacy Statement forDJChat.com
We have created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm
commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and
dissemination practices for this website:
What Information Is
CollectedWe use your IP address to help
diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. We use
cookies in our discussion forum to notify you of new messages since your last
visit, to save your password (at your option) so you don't have to re-enter it
each time you visit our discussion board, to set your viewing preferences, and
to provide access to authorized users in restricted forums and administrative
areas. We do not use cookies to track your on-line activities and viewing
habits. Our discussion board registration form requires users to give us
contact information in the form of a valid e-mail address. The participant's
contact information is used to contact the visitor when necessary. You have the
option of not allowing your e-mail address to be made publicly available at the
time of registration on our discussion board. Users may opt-out of
receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. This
site contains links to other sites. DJChat.com is not
responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
We do not sell or otherwise distribute e-mail addresses or any
other information to third parties. Information will be made available to law
enforcement agencies and other parties as required in the event of abuse,
illegal activities, legal action, or requests for information from law
enforcement. The software that we use for the discussion board is
supplied by a third party. It does have security features built in but it is not
represented as high security software. There is always the possibility that
someone may gain un-authorized access to the data files including your e-mail
address and password. For that reason we suggest that you do not use the same
password for our discussion board as you do for other services. We do use IP
address logging and hack attempt logging to track potential offenders.
It is important to note that this site is hosted by DJZone. We do
not own the server and DJZone has full access to the entire web site
including your data. At the time of this writting, DJZone does not have
a privacy statement available and DJChat.com makes no
representation as to what use the hosting service may or may not make of this
data. DJChat.com makes no representation as to how secure or
insecure overall server security is. DJZone does provide us monthly
statistics regarding the use of this website in aggrigate form. This information
does include usage by domain name.
Public
ForumsDJChat.com makes
message boards and a guest book available to its users. Please remember that any
information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you
should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information. In
order to comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) we
have elected to prohibit participation in these areas by pre-teens. By posting
in these areas you certify that you are at least 13 years of age or older.
Correct/UpdateThis site gives users
the following options for changing and modifying information previously
provided.
You may change your password, e-mail address, or any of the optional
information fields in your profile by clicking on the "profile" link at the
top of any of the bulletin board pages and changing the appropriate fields.
You may change your default topic view cookie or whether or not to store
your password cookie by clicking on the "preferences" link at the top of any
of the bulletin board pages and then selecting the appropriate option.
You may edit your own posts by clicking on the "Edit/Delete" icon whithin
that particular message. A note will automatically be added to the message to
indicate that you have edited it.
DJchat.com reserves the right to update this Privacy Statement at anytime.