https://www.stmartin-in-the-fields.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to page content
Search
Close
Start of page content
Home > Privacy Policy for Website Users
Privacy Policy for Website Users
Background
St Martin-in-the-Fields has an organisational structure that includes the following:
St Martin-in-the-Fields Parochial Church Council (PCC)
Registered Charity Number 1133936
Responsible for the vision, strategy, mission and ministry of St Martin-in-the-Fields. The PCC has a separate general Privacy Policy here and a Privacy Policy for role holders here.
St Martin-in-the-Fields Ltd
Company Number 2096693
Manages all of the commercial operations at St Martin’s including the Café in the Crypt, concerts, shop, brass rubbing and venue hire. All profits from business operations are covenanted back to the PCC  to support our charitable work. The data protection and privacy policy details for this company are set out in the body of this Privacy Policy below.
St Martin-in-the-Fields Trust
Registered Charity Number 11104046
Exists to raise money to support the buildings, mission, music and charitable aims of St Martin’s. The Trust has a separate Privacy Policy, which can be found here.
This Privacy Policy and the Terms and Conditions refer to the website for all of the above parts of St Martin-in-the-Fields, https://www.stmartin-in-the-fields.org/ or https://www.smitf.org, and to St Martin-in-the-Fields Ltd.
In addition, there are three charities which are physically based at St Martin-in-the-Fields but are separate entities and manage their own websites.  These charities are:
St Martin-in-the-Fields Charity Registered Charity Number 261359
Helps homeless and vulnerably housed people through the annual BBC Radio 4 Christmas Appeal with St Martin-in-the-Fields, the Vicar’s Relief Fund and the Frontline Network. www.smitfc.org
The Connection at St Martin-in-the-Fields Registered Charity Number 1078201,  London’s busiest homelessness charity supporting people through a day and night centre, street outreach, employment search and specialist mental health and addiction support.  www.connection-at-stmartins.org.uk
Bishop Ho Ming Wah Association and Community Centre Registered Charity Number 290398
Provides a safe and healthy environment for socialising, keeping fit and healthy, learning new skills and finding new ways to integrate into society while retaining one’s culture.  www.bhmwa.com
Privacy Policy
This Policy is valid from 25 May 2018, after the new General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) came into effect. This Policy was last updated March 2020.
At St Martin-in-the-Fields we are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy and all personal data is held by us and processed in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 (DPA) and General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
This Policy (together with our website Terms and Conditions available here), sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us when you use our website – www.smitf.org.
When you use our services, you trust us with your information. This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what data we collect, why we collect it and what we do with it. This is important. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. By using our website, you are indicating acceptance of these terms and providing your explicit consent, where appropriate, to our use of your personal data, for the processing purposes set out in this Policy.
For the purpose of the DPA, the data controller is St Martin-in-the-Fields, Trafalgar Square, London WC2N 4JH (ICO registration number ZA251777).
The terms data controller, personal data and processing all bear their legal meanings under the DPA, for more information please see here.
Information we may collect from you
We may collect and process the following data about you on our website:
Information you give us. You may give us information about yourself when you use our website. This includes information you provide when you fill in forms on our website and when you report a problem with our website. Our website includes a function that enables you to make an account to purchase tickets and a separate function to make donations.  If you choose to use one of these functions, we will collect the following information about you: your name, address, contact details, debit or credit card number, type, expiry date and security code. If you create an account you will also have the option of sharing other information about yourself, such as age, gender, relationship, music interests.  If you are making a donation you will also have the option to allow us to claim gift aid on your donation.
If you contact us directly or complete an enquiry form, we will keep a record of that correspondence (including the contact details that you provide to us). We will never retain information that you provide to us for longer than is necessary and will securely delete information that is no longer needed for the purposes for which it was collected.
Information we collect about you. With regard to each of your visits to our website we may automatically collect the following information:
Technical information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, and weblogs and other communication data.
We may collect and process the following data about you on our physical site:
Only information you give us.
– The Cafés only collect booking enquiries via the phone and email and information necessary to carry out those bookings – names, email addresses, phone numbers and any special requirements or needs.
– Shop at St Martin’s only collects your data when you make an enquiry or a request directly to the shop – names, email addresses, postal addresses, phone numbers. The Shop does not routinely collect payment data such as credit card numbers and your name together, except in those circumstances where you wish to make a purchase over the phone. In this case, we do not keep your data beyond what’s necessary to process your payment and it is then destroyed immediately.
– Venue Hire collects your data on this website when you complete the Enquiries form on an event space page – names, contact details and details about your event which might include details such as age if you share them with us. Venue Hire will also collect these same data if you make an enquiry over the phone or email.
– Concerts and music departments collect your information when you make an account with us to purchase tickets, make an enquiry over the phone or email, or sign up for a newsletter. We collect names, addresses, emails, and may collect optional data such as age if you choose to share it with us.
Embedded content from other websites
Pages on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
These websites are:
Google Maps, who have their own Privacy Policy.
YouTube, who have their own Privacy Policy.
How we use the information we collect from you
We use the information we collect from all of our services to provide, maintain, protect and improve them, to develop new ones and to protect SMITF and our users.
We use information collected from cookies and other technologies, like tracker tags, to improve your user experience and the overall quality of our services.
We use two products to do this:
Google Analytics, who have their own Privacy Policy;
Hotjar, who have their own Privacy Policy.
We use information held about you in the following ways:
Information you give to us. We will use this information to provide you with information in accordance with your preferences which includes these five areas:
Church related activities – A bi-weekly e-newsletter and other related materials featuring information on church services, podcasts, broadcasts, faith and educational events; and a quarterly e-newsletter on lectures and related events.
Music and cultural events – A monthly e-newsletter and other related materials featuring information on concerts, exhibitions and cultural events.
Seasonal events for locals – A quarterly e-newsletter with news related to the Café, Shop and other seasonal events.
Venue Hire – A quarterly e-newsletter and related materials on hiring a space at St Martin’s for a private or corporate event.
Fundraising – For a small group of our event bookers and other website users:  we may use the information collected to better understand your engagement with us and your potential interest in supporting our charitable activities.  This work is undertaken by the St Martin’s Trust; to supplement information provided by yourself, the Trust will use external sources such as reputable online sites (list is available in Trust’s Privacy Policy, please see here).  The Trust will protect all information securely and share only with trusted advisors (such as Trustees) and senior St Martin’s team.  You can opt out of this processing at any time by contacting the Trust team by writing to Katy Shaw at katy.shaw@smitf.org
In addition, we may use the information you give us
To help us to further develop our website
To notify you about changes to our website or the services that we offer
To ensure that content on our website is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer
Where relevant, to allow us to process a ticket purchase or donation you have made on our booking page or our online donation page
Information we collect about you. We will use this information:
To administer our website and for internal operations, including troubleshooting and testing.
To improve our website to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer
To ensure that our website is safe and secure
To deliver relevant direct marketing to you, provided we have obtained your prior consent and to measure or understand the effectiveness of any direct marketing we send to you
To make suggestions and recommendations to you about our other services that may interest you
When we might share your information
We will always process your information in a secure and confidential manner and will not disclose to any third party without a legal ground to do so under the DPA, such as your consent.
Any disclosures will be made in accordance with the DPA and the Information Commissioner’s Officer’s statutory Data Sharing Code (available to view here).
We will share personal information with companies, organisations or individuals outside SMITF when we have contracted them to provide services for you. Currently, these companies are:
Spektrix – our box office system provider. They have their own Privacy Policy.
Rendezvous – our event space booking system. They have their own Privacy Policy.
First Data – our main payments processor. They have their own Privacy Policy.
SagePay – our ticketing payments processor. They have their own Privacy Policy.
MailChimp – our email marketing software provider. They have their own Privacy Policy.
Amazon Web Services – our website host provider. They have their own Privacy Policy.
We will share personal information with companies, organisations or individuals outside SMITF if we have a belief in good faith that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues.
protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of SMITF, our users or the public, as required or permitted by law.
We may share non-personally identifiable information publicly and with our partners – like web agencies and publishers. For example, we may share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
We encrypt many of our services using SSL.
We  regularly review our information collection, storage and processing practices, including physical security measures, to guard against unauthorised access to systems.
We restrict access to personal information to SMITF employees, contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to process it for us and who are subject to contractual confidentiality obligations.
Where we store your personal data
All information you provide to us is stored on secure servers within the UK and the US, the latter of which is in compliance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework.
How long we keep your data
When you sign up for a Newsletter  – we keep your data indefinitely or until you unsubscribe or ask us to delete your data.
When you use our website we keep Analytics records for 5 years.
When you make a purchase with us, online, on the phone or in person, we keep customer purchase records for 10 years.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Box office administrators can also see and edit that information.
Your rights
By accepting the terms of this Policy, you provide your fully informed consent to the processing of your personal data for the purposes set out in this Policy.
If you notice an error in the information which we hold about you or wish to withdraw your consent to our processing of your personal data, please contact us immediately at the address given below.
As described above, we will also seek your specific consent (before collecting your data) to the use of your data for marketing purposes. If you change your mind you may ask us not to process your personal data for this purpose by contacting us at web@smitf.org or St Martin-in-the-Fields, 5 St Martin’s Place, Trafalgar Square, London, WC2N 4JH
Access to information
The DPA gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised by contacting us at web@smitf.org or St Martin-in-the-Fields, 5 St Martin’s Place, Trafalgar Square, London, WC2N 4JH.
If you have an account on this site, or have signed up to a newsletter, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes. We may ask for proof of identity to verify your request.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Any changes we may make to this Privacy Policy in the future will be posted on our site and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to this Privacy Policy.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this Privacy Policy are welcomed and should be addressed to web@smitf.org or St Martin-in-the-Fields, 5 St Martin’s Place, Trafalgar Square, London, WC2N 4JH.