http://www.edmontonsymphony.com/more/about/privacy/
chevron-rightclosefacebookinstagrammail_outlinemenupersonsearchtwitteryoutube-playzoom-in
Please Read: Important Announcement on our Covid-19 Response | Updated November 12, 6:40 PM
Privacy
Privacy Statement
Francis Winspear Centre for Music is committed to protecting your privacy and providing a safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Francis Winspear Centre for Music website and governs data collection and usage. By using the Francis Winspear Centre for Music website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Francis Winspear Centre for Music collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your postal code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites. Francis Winspear Centre for Music only collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number, when you provide it to us.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Francis Winspear Centre for Music. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used by Francis Winspear Centre for Music for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Francis Winspear Centre for Music website.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Francis Winspear Centre for Music public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Francis Winspear Centre for Music does not read any of your private online communications.
Francis Winspear Centre for Music encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from Francis Winspear Centre for Music so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. Francis Winspear Centre for Music is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the Francis Winspear Centre for Music and Francis Winspear Centre for Music family of websites.
Use of your Personal Information
Francis Winspear Centre for Music collects and uses your personal information to operate the Francis Winspear Centre for Music website and deliver the services you have requested. Francis Winspear Centre for Music also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Francis Winspear Centre for Music and its affiliates. Francis Winspear Centre for Music may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Francis Winspear Centre for Music does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Francis Winspear Centre for Music may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Francis Winspear Centre for Music may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. Francis Winspear Centre for Music may share with third parties data collected during the purchase process of their specific event and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Francis Winspear Centre for Music, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Francis Winspear Centre for Music does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Francis Winspear Centre for Music keeps track of the websites and pages our customers visit within Francis Winspear Centre for Music, in order to determine what Francis Winspear Centre for Music services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Francis Winspear Centre for Music to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Francis Winspear Centre for Music websites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Francis Winspear Centre for Music or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Francis Winspear Centre for Music; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Francis Winspear Centre for Music, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Francis Winspear Centre for Music Web site use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Francis Winspear Centre for Music pages, or register with Francis Winspear Centre for Music site or services, a cookie helps Francis Winspear Centre for Music to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Francis Winspear Centre for Music web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Francis Winspear Centre for Music features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Francis Winspear Centre for Music services or websites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Francis Winspear Centre for Music secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Francis Winspear Centre for Music secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
Francis Winspear Centre for Music will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Francis Winspear Centre for Music encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Francis Winspear Centre for Music is protecting your information.
Contact Information
Francis Winspear Centre for Music welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Francis Winspear Centre for Music has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Francis Winspear Centre for Music at info@winspearcentre.com. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
Your Visit
About
About Winspear
About ESO
Tommy Banks Centre For Musical Creativity
YONA-Sistema
Rentals
Advertising Opportunities
Board of Directors
Young Leadership Council
Staff Listing
Gratitude Report
Employment
Orchestra Auditions