http://www.forrest-theatre.com/policies.html
Home
Shows
Theatre Info
Map and Directions
Seating Map and Access
Forrest Theatre History
About Shubert
FAQ
Subscriptions
Policies
The rules below govern your use of this web
site. These rules represent our current policy. We may change this policy at any
time without giving you notice. If you cannot comply with these rules, please do
not access or otherwise use this web site. By using this web site, you are
indicating your agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions set forth
herein.
Limited LicenseWe are providing the information on this web
site for your personal and noncommercial use only. You may not copy, modify,
distribute, display, perform, create derivative works from, transfer or sell any
information, software, products or services obtained from this web site. Some of
these restrictions are described in more detail below. In addition, we may
terminate your right to access or otherwise use this web site at any time,
without giving you notice.
Acceptable UseYou may only use this web site for lawful
purposes. Please make sure that your use of this web site complies with all
applicable local, state and federal laws. You may not disrupt, modify or
interfere with this web site or its associated software, hardware or servers. In
addition, you may not interfere with the use of this web site by others.
LinkingAt times, we or third parties may provide you
with hyperlinks to other web sites. Unless otherwise stated, we do not operate
these other web sites and are not responsible for, and do not endorse the
contents, information, products or sevices provided on any hyperlinked web
sites. You acknowledge and agree that we shall not be responsible or liable,
directly or indirectly, for any damages or loss caused or alleged to be caused
by or in connection with your use of or reliance on such other web sites, or the
contents, information, products or services provided on such hyperlinked web
sites.
Permission is granted to only link your web site
to the Forrest Theatre home page located at http://www.forrest-theatre.com. You
may not link your web site to any internal page on this site without the express
written permission of The Shubert Organization, Inc. In addition, you may not
frame on another web site any information located on this web site without the
express written consent of The Shubert Organization, Inc. You may request such
consents by sending an e-mail request to jennifert@shubertorg.com The permission
granted herein to link to the Forrest Theatre home page may be revoked at any
time without cause. You may not link any web site that (a) violates any
applicable law or regulation, (b) infringes the patent, copyright, trademark,
trade secret or other intellectual property rights of others or violates any
privacy, publicity or personal rights of others; or (c) contains defamatory,
obscene, threatening, abusive or hateful information or expressions. You agree
to hold us harmless and indemnify us against any claims, losses, liabilities or
expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or in connection
with your linking to our site or the use by others of the contents, information,
products or services provided on your site.
Intellectual PropertyYou may not publicly use any trademarks owned by
The Shubert Organization, Inc. without our express written permission. You may
request such permission by sending an e-mail request to vincer@shubertorg.com.
In the event that we grant you such permission, you will not gain any rights to
our trademarks.
The contents of this web site, such as text,
graphic images and other materials (the "works") are protected under U.S. and
foreign copyright law. The Works may include text, software graphics,
photographs, videos, music and sound. In addition, the aggregated contents of
this web site are copyrighted as a collective work/compilation. You may not
reproduce, copy, edit, publish or transmit the Works in any way without our
express written permission. You may request such permission by sending an e-mail
request to Jennifert@shubertorg.com. In the event that we grant you such
permission, you will not gain any ownership rights to our copyrighted
material.
DownloadsThe Shubert Organization, Inc. does not grant
you any express or implied right under any of its trademarks, copyrights or
other proprietary information. As a result, you may not modify any of the
materials found on this web site; use them for any public display, performance,
sale or rental; transfer, remove, modify or alter any trademark, copyright or
other proprietary materials from this web site.
DisclaimerYou are using this web site at your own risk. We
do not guarantee that your personal information will remain private. We do not
promise that there will be no errors transmitting information to and from this
web site. In addition, we do not promise that information you receive from this
web site is accurate or reliable or that this web site if free of computer
viruses or other harmful mechanisms.
By using this web site, you agree to waive any
claims you may have against us for any damages that you may incur as a result of
using or attempting to use this web site. We may make claims against you for use
of this web site that violates our policies posted on this web site. You agree
to hold us harmless and indemnify us against any claims, losses, liabilities or
expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or in connection
with your use of this web site or violations of our policies posted on this web
site. THE WEB SITE AND MATERIAL ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS
IS" BASIS WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND. THE SHUBERT ORGANIZATION, INC., TO
THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED. IF YOUR USE OF THE WEB SITE OR THE MATERIAL THEREIN RESULTS IN THE
NEED FOR SERVICING OR REPLACING EQUIPMENT OR DATA, THE SHUBERT ORGANIZATION,
INC. IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THOSE COSTS.
Disclaimer of Consequential DamagesIN NO EVENT SHALL THE SHUBERT ORGANIZATION,
INC., ITS SUPPLIERS, OR ANY THIRD PARTIES MENTIONED ON THIS WEB SITE BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, INCIDENTAL, AND
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS, DAMAGES RESULTING FROM LOST DATA OR
BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THIS WEB SITE
AND THE MATERIAL, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL
THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT THE SHUBERT ORGANIZATION, INC. IS ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBLIITY OF SUCH DAMAGES
Online Privacy PolicyThe explanations below detail the privacy policy
of this web site. These explanations represent our current policy. We may change
this policy at any time without giving you notice. If you cannot agree with this
policy, please do not access or otherwise use this web site. Collection and Use of Personal InformationThe Forrest Theatre website collects personal
information from you when you use this web site. This information may include
your name, user name, e-mail address, post office address, telephone number,
event preferences and other personal data you enter when visiting this web site.
We only collect this information when you enter it voluntarily. We may also
collect certain information regarding your use of this web site for purposes of
marketing, statistical analysis and determining your interests to better serve
you. We store your personal information so we can
provide you with better and more convenient service. We use your mailing address
so that we can send you information regarding shows and events at the Forrest
Theatre. We also may use your e-mail or mailing address to notify you of other
special events that you might be interested in. We may also use your home
telephone number to contact you with customer service information. We otherwise
reserve the right to use your personal information in other ways that are
legally permissible. This web site may also collect non-personal
information and other data using cookies placed by this web site onto your hard
drive. A web site uses cookies to recognize repeat users and track user's
behavior on the web site. We cannot control how other parties may use these
cookies once they are on your hard drive. You may set the preferences of your
web browser to refuse the placement of cookies on your hard drive to prevent the
collection or other use of such information. However, the refusal to accept any
cookies transmitted will prevent you from using this web site.
Protection of ChildrenPersonal information collected about children
under age 13 is protected by the Children's Online Privacy Protection act of
1998, and the accompanying proposed federal regulations (accessible at
http://wwww.ftc.gov). If you are younger than 13 years old, please tell your
parents you are using this web site. In addition, you or your parents should
e-mail us at tickets@telecharge.com so we will not share your personal
information with any other parties. Your parents may also request to view any
information we have collected about you.
The Forrest Theatre | 1114 Walnut Street | Philadelphia, PA 19107Tickets: www.telecharge.com | 800-447-7400© The Shubert Organization. All rights reserved.Policies
Home
Shows
Theatre Info
Map and Directions
Seating Map and Access
Forrest Theatre History
About Shubert
FAQ
Subscriptions