http://www.bsomusic.org/calendar/ticket-privacy-policies/
Home
Calendar
Ticket & Privacy Policies
Ticket & Privacy Policies
Purchasing Tickets
Order by Phone:410.783.8000 (Meyerhoff)1.877.BSO.1444 (Strathmore)TTY via Maryland Relay for Maryland residents at 711Tue-Fri, 10 am-5 pmSat, noon-5 pmSun, ClosedMon, Closed
Order in Person:Joseph Meyerhoff Symphony Hall**Our in person box office is currently closed while we operate remotely.**
Music Center at Strathmore5301 Tuckerman Lane, North Bethesda, MD 20852Mon-Fri, 10 am-5 pmSat, 10 am-2 pmSun, Closed
Ticket Office parking: Daily until 5 pm. 15-minute parking spots are available in the Mansion at Strathmore lot and at short-term meters on Tuckerman Lane.
Both Ticket Offices will open one hour prior to performances for walk-up sales. The Meyerhoff ticket office is open during intermission.
BY USE OF YOUR TICKET, YOU AGREE TO COMPLY WITH THE FOLLOWING POLICIES:
Exchange Policy
Tickets are not refundable. Schedule, programs and artists are subject to change without notice. Ticket exchanges or donations must be completed by 5pm for evening concerts, or 5pm the day prior for morning and matinée performances. Ticket donations are tax deductible. Some exclusions and restrictions apply. Non-subscribers are subject to a $5 per ticket exchange fee. Exchanges and ticket donations are only available for events presented by the BSO.
Ticket Donations
Please consider donating your unusable tickets back to the BSO for resale. Ticket donations are tax deductible. We will send you a receipt for your tax-deductible contribution if tickets are received before 5 pm on the concert night or the evening prior to a matinee. Ticket donations can be made by calling 410.783.8000 or 1.877.BSO.1444, by mail, fax or in person.
Ticket Specials
Student SelectA program exclusively for college students to enjoy unlimited access to BSO concerts all season long for just $25! Please visit BSOmusic.org/studentselect.
Fanfare (Ages 21-40)Get to see all of the shows on your list this season at the BSO for just $75! Please visit BSOmusic.org/passport.
Student RushSubject to availability, discounted tickets will be sold for $10 to students. Tickets are available beginning at noon on concert day. Only one ticket per valid student ID. Call the Ticket Office the Wednesday prior to performance day for availability.
Public RushSubject to availability, a limited number of discounted tickets for Meyerhoff performances will be sold for $25 to the public. These tickets are available one hour prior to the performance. Call the Ticket Office the Wednesday prior to performance day for Rush availability. Seating is at the discretion of the Ticket Office.
Discounted ticket offers are generously underwitten by Community Outreach and Access Sponsor: PNC
Children
Children under 6 are not admitted, except for concerts designated as appropriate. All patrons, regardless of age, must have a ticket. RESALE of BSO tickets is prohibited. The BSO reserves the right to cancel without notice any ticket order that violates our resale or ticket purchase policies.
Group Sales
Groups of 15 or more can receive discounts for most performances. We work with your schedule and budget to help you build a memorable event.
Your group can enjoy:
Flexible reservation and payment policies in addition to exclusive discounts
Convenient patron drop-off and free motorcoach parking
A number of experiences, add ons and classes
Facility rentals of pre- and post-concert events
For more information please contact the BSO Group Sales Office at 410.783.8170 or groups@BSOmusic.org or BSOmusic.org/groups.
School groups who attend Midweek Education performances may contact the BSO Education Department at 410.783.8118 or education@BSOmusic.org.
Privacy Policy & Security
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address or phone number.
Like most websites, we use cookies and/or web beacons to enhance your experience, gather general visitor information, and track visits to our website. Please refer to the 'do we use cookies?' section below for information about cookies and how we use them.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience (Your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve our website (We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To improve customer service (Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To process transactions
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
To send periodic BSO marketing email
If you supply us with your postal address online, you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by sending us email or by calling the Ticket Office at 410-783-8000. From time to time, we make the postal addresses of those who provide them to us available to other reputable organizations we think you might find interesting. If you do not want us to share your postal address with other companies or organizations, please let us know. With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with nor have special relationships with any ad server companies.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then into our secure database, to be only accessed using 2-factor authentication by those authorized with special access rights to our systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information will be securely stored in order to provide accurate billing and to provide ongoing customer support.
This website may contain links to third party websites. The BSO is not responsible for the privacy practices of these other websites. We encourage all patrons and users to learn about the privacy policies and practices of all websites and charities.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information
We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We may release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
As part of our privacy practices, all users of our site may make any changes to their information at anytime by logging into their control panel and going to the 'Edit Profile' page.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act). While we do have children’s musical and educational programs, we do not collect from any information from or directly market to anyone under 13 years of age.
Your Consent
By using our site to purchase tickets, make donation or completing a mobile transaction, you give us permission to collect your information and consent to this privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on 5/12/2016.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may send us a message via the Contact Us page.
Search
All patrons are subject to search. Weapons of any kind are not permitted, and the BSO reserves the right to deny admission to anyone carrying a weapon, unless carried by law enforcement on duty at the Meyerhoff Symphony Hall. The BSO reserves the right, without refund, to refuse admission, eject and/or ban any person whose conduct fails to comply with our policies.>
Photography, video and audio recording during BSO performances is strictly prohibited. Your use of a ticket constitutes acknowledgement of willingness to appear in photographs and video taken in public areas.
Latecomers
Patrons arriving after the start of the concert will be seated at suitable intervals, at the discretion of BSO staff.
×
An error occurred.
Close
×
BSO Message.
Close
One fine body…
45% Complete