http://www.redondopoets.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Red Education Platform
This privacy policy (“Policy”) and this site’s Terms of Service (together the “Terms”) govern all use of Red Education Platform and that site’s services (together the “Site” or “Services”). The owners and contributors to the Site will be referred to as “we,” “us,” or “our” in this Policy. By using the Site or its Services, and/or by clicking anywhere on this Site to agree to the Terms and this Policy, you are deemed to be a “user” for purposes of this Policy. You and every other user (“you” or “User” as applicable) are subject to this Policy. You and each user also agree to the Terms by using the Services. In these Terms, the word “Site” includes the site referenced above, its owner(s), contributors, suppliers, licensors, and other related parties.
We provide this privacy statement explaining our online information practices, so that you can decide whether and how to interact with the Site and the Services.
We may release your information when we deem it appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety.
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Please also review our Terms of Use section that governs the use and the users of the Site.
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. If we have your email address, we may also send an email notifying you of any changes.
Mobile Device Privacy
The following applies to our site, when viewed on a mobile device:
When accessed with a mobile deivce, our site may collect information automatically, such as the type of mobile device you have, device identifiers, and information about your use of the site. Regardless of the device you use to access the site, it will also collect information you provide, as well as information about your interaction with the site and its content.
If location services are activated on your mobile device, our site may collect information about the location of your device. Your mobile network service providers may collect device-specific information, such as a device identifier, when you use our website or one of our mobile applications. This information collected by your mobile network service will not be associated with your user account with us, or with your personally identifiable information.
Disputes
We are based in Red Education Platformand you are contracting to use our Site. This Policy and all matters arising from your use of the Site are governed by and will be construed according to the laws of Red Education Platform, without regard to any choice of laws rules of any jurisdiction. The federal courts and state courts that have geographical jurisdiction over disputes arising at our office location in Red Education Platform will be the only permissible venues for any and all disputes arising out of or in connection with this Policy or the Site and Service.
No Users Under the Age of 13
The Site is not intended for children under the age of 13. Children under the age of 13 should not use the Site at any time. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If we obtain actual knowledge that we have collected information from anyone under the age of 13, we will erase that information from our servers. It is a violation of our Terms of Service for children under the age of 13 to use the Site.
Terms Contact
If you have any questions about these Terms, please address them to Red Education Platform.
Last Updated
These terms were last updated on Red Education Platform
Social Media
Pages
About Us
Contact
Privacy Policy
Technology In Classroom
Terms of Service
Recent Posts
Benefits of Online Learning
Four Tips to Help You Manage Outsourced Projects Without Fails
How to Think About Your Career in High School
Factors to Consider Before Enrolling Your Kid in a Swimming Class
How to Find a Preschool for Your Child
Features of a Good Template
Benefits of Being a Locum Doctor
Choosing a Physics Tutor
Biotech Venture Capitalist Roles
The benefits of having your child attend a preschool
Who qualifies for an RPL certification in Australia?
Traits Of A Good Physics Tutor
A Guide to Starting Investing in Singapore
Simples Tips For Parents Looking For A Preschool
How to choose a traffic management training organization
Benefits of a Girls Only High School
Various training needs at workplace that you should know
How to Enroll in Free Online CNA classes
Five Benefits Of Picking The Best Preschool For Kids
Tips When Choosing A Certificate Template
What It Takes To Pass The IELTS Essay Tests
Media Training Courses Explained
Child Care Training Explained
Benefits of nursery and preschool education
The Perfect Guide To A Driving Courses
The Best Way To Learn German
Features Of The West Campus Condos
Dance Mat Typing – What It is, How It Works, and The Benefits
Low GPA? You Can Still Get Into Law School
The Education Needed To Become A Doctor
Go to top