http://www.seattlesymphony.org/about/privacypolicy
Concerts and Tickets
Give
Watch and Listen
Plan Your Visit
Families and Learning
In the Community
About
About
Conductors
Musicians
Administration
Governance
Careers
Press
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The Seattle Symphony is committed to protecting the privacy of our patrons. This Privacy Policy describes how the Seattle Symphony collects, uses, and shares personal information when you visit the Seattle Symphony website.  By interacting with the Seattle Symphony website, you agree to and accept the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
Information We Collect
The Seattle Symphony's website does not automatically collect personal information about you. We may collect and maintain certain information about you if you elect to provide it to us. For example, you may provide information to us when you order tickets or make purchases or donations on our website; when you purchase tickets through our Box Office; or when you request to receive email communications about our performances and programs. The types of information we might collect include, but are not limited to: name, street address, city, zip code, email address, phone number, credit card number & expiration, whether you would like to make a donation, company affiliation, if any, and your interests relating to the Seattle Symphony and Benaroya Hall.
Cookies
The Seattle Symphony's website uses browser "cookies" in order to conduct its online transactions. Cookies are sets of information stored on your computer that help you interact with the website. Cookies can store tracking data about your browsing activity (such as registration, shopping cart contents, or web pages visited), but cannot access any personal information from your browser and do not allow third parties to access any of your customer information. If you do not want your computer to receive a cookie, or if you want your browser to notify you before receiving a cookie, you can configure your browser to do so by changing the cookie options in your browser's "Options" or "Preferences" menu. Please note that disabling cookies may limit your ability to use all of the features of the Seattle Symphony and Benaroya Hall websites.
How We Use Information We Collect
We use the information we collect for a variety of purposes, including, but not limited to, the following: completing your online purchases, donations or other transactions; providing you with information you request; and notifying you of Seattle Symphony and Benaroya Hall performances, events or programs we think you might find of interest. When you buy a ticket to a National Geographic Live lecture or series, we will provide your mailing address, phone number and email address to National Geographic Partners, LLC., who may use your information to inform you of products or services offered by National Geographic Partners, its affiliates and licensees.
Phone Numbers and Email Addresses: We will not trade or sell your phone number or email address to any other business or organization. Your email address and phone number are collected only for ticket, donation, and merchandise processing and tracking purposes, and to communicate with you about your tickets or other offerings. We may also use our phone and email lists to directly or indirectly ask for your financial support. If you provide your email address, you are automatically opted in to our email list, and you will receive emails or newsletters with advance performance and ticket information, special offers and event opportunities for the Seattle Symphony and Benaroya Hall. You may also receive occasional special-subject emails, including requests for contributions.
Mailing Address Information: The Seattle Symphony collects street mailing address information primarily to inform our patrons about performances, ticket purchasing and contribution opportunities, and special events and offers. We do not rent or sell our mailing lists to commercial businesses. Occasionally, we trade our street mailing address lists (without email addresses or phone numbers) with other local non-profit arts’ organizations; mailings are accomplished via a secure third party administrator so that the actual mailing addresses are not disclosed to the party with whom we are conducting the list trade or to any other third party.
Financial Information: The Seattle Symphony protects all personal financial information that you share with us. If you make a purchase on the Seattle Symphony website, we will use your credit card number only to process your payment and will not use it for marketing purposes. For reasons of security, credit card information is not stored on our Web server. We will retain order information for our records, but this information is never shared with third parties.
Other Uses: The Seattle Symphony and Benaroya Hall may disclose information about you as required to comply with any law, regulation, or legal request; to protect the rights, property, and safety of the Seattle Symphony, our customers, or others; and/or to cooperate with any law enforcement investigation.
Links
Our site may include links to other websites. We do not control the privacy policies of the destination sites. Once you leave our servers (you can determine where you are by checking the URL in the location bar on your browser), use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site you are visiting. That policy may differ from our policy.  The Seattle Symphony is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of websites other than seattlesymphony.org.
Opting Out
If you do not wish to receive updates and information from the Seattle Symphony or Benaroya Hall, you may opt out by emailing us at: info@seattlesymphony.org. You may also call us at: 206.215.4700. Or you may write to us at: Seattle Symphony, P.O. Box 21906, Seattle WA, 98111-3906. When you contact us, please let us know if you do not wish to receive mail, phone calls, or emails or have your mailing information traded to other local non-profit arts organizations.
Donor Rights
The Seattle Symphony takes donor privacy seriously.  To assure that the Seattle Symphony merits the respect and trust of the general public, and that donors and prospective donors can have full confidence in our organization, the Seattle Symphony has adopted the Association of Fundraising Professionals’ Donor Bill of Rights1:
I) To be informed of the organization’s mission, of the way the organization intends to use donated resources, and of its capacity to use donations effectively for their intended purposes.
II) To be informed of the identity of those serving on the organization’s governing board, and to expect the board to exercise prudent judgment in its stewardship responsibilities.
III) To have access to the organization’s most recent financial statements.
IV) To be assured their gifts will be used for the purposes for which they were given.
V) To receive appropriate acknowledgement and recognition.
VI) To be assured that information about their donations is handled with respect and with confidentiality to the extent provided by law.
VII) To expect that all relationships with individuals representing organizations of interest to the donor will be professional in nature.
VIII) To be informed whether those seeking donations are volunteers, employees of the organization or hired solicitors.
IX) To have the opportunity for their names to be deleted from mailing lists that an organization may intend to share.
X) To feel free to ask questions when making a donation and to receive prompt, truthful and forthright answers.
Changes to the Website and the Privacy Policy
Please note that the Seattle Symphony website and this Privacy Policy may change from time to time, without notice to you, and the use of personal information that we gather is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time of use. We encourage you to check the seattlesymphony.org site periodically to see recent changes.
Security
The Seattle Symphony makes every effort to ensure the security of its network and systems. For your Internet security we have an industry standard 128-bit Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption. All customer personal information and financial transactions are encrypted over our SSL connection.
1 © 2013, Association of Fundraising Professionals (AFP), all rights reserved. Reprinted with permission from the Association of Fundraising Professionals.
Last updated: 03 04 16