http://www.laughfactory.com/privacy-policy
PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy (Policy) sets forth the policies regarding the collection and use of information relating to the official Laugh Factory web site located at laughfactory.com (Web Site) as well as device-based applications (Apps), which are operated by Laugh Factory New Media, LLC (LFNM, we, or us).
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW WE USE IT
Personal Information means information that can be used to identify or contact you, such as your name, email address, telephone number or similar information. We only collect Personal Information that you choose to share with us, such as when contacting us via the Site (e.g., by clicking on "Contact Us" or "Feedback" links or signing up for notifications or newsletters), registering for the Site or Apps or purchasing materials via the Site.
USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may use your Personal Information to provide you with the materials you've requested and/or purchased, and to send periodic marketing or promotional notices to you or notify you of any changes to this Policy. We may also use your Personal Information to improve our marketing efforts, statistically evaluate site usage, improve the Site or customize the Site's content, layout and services. You can always opt-out of receiving these communications from us by following the "opt-out" procedures described below.
GENERAL
Any information you provide to us must be true, accurate, current, non-misleading, and consistent and relevant for the purpose for which you are providing the information.
If you contact us via the Site or Apps, we will only use your Personal Information contained in your email to respond to your specific inquiry or comments in the email. We may retain your email for a period of time, but will not use any of your Personal Information for any purpose other than responding to your email.
Usage Data
The Site and Apps may automatically track certain information about your behavior while visiting the Site. The information gathered includes:
The URL from which you accessed this Site, and which URL you visit next. We may collect and store this aggregate information in order to measure the Site's performance and improve the Site's design and functionality.
The videos, jokes, and comedians you view, share via social networks, and like or dislike via the corresponding buttons on the Site and Apps. We collect this data in order to better understand your comedy preferences so that we can create customized playlists, channels, and experiences.
We also aggregate video viewing information with high-level demographics such as age, gender, and locale and provide those high-level demographics to third parties, including advertisers and advertising partners. However, we do NOT share personally identifiable information such as name, address, or birthdate with any third parties.
We may also share this aggregate information with third parties to illustrate how the Site and App are used and for other marketing purposes.
Social Media Integration
The Site and Apps includes the ability to link your user account to your social network accounts, at your direction. We retrieve information, such as "likes", "subscriptions", "friend lists", and "posts" to improve content recommendations. We do NOT share this information with advertisers or sell the information to any third parties, but we reserve the right to share aggregated information about our audience with no personally identifiable information such as name, address, or birthdate.
Cookies
The Site uses both "persistent cookies" and "session cookies," which is information stored in a browser's memory and passed back to the applicable server whenever a request for a new page on the Site is made.
USE AND DISCLOSURE
Subject to applicable law, we and our Service Providers (as described below) may disclose your Personal Information:
To entities affiliated with LFNM and/or Laugh Factory, Inc. (our parent company);
To unaffiliated third parties that are under contract to perform services for or on behalf of LFNM(Service Providers), and are required to uphold and maintain LFNM's policies with respect to privacy and the treatment of your Personal Information (e.g., vendors maintaining our Site and Apps or computer databases or performing fulfillment or marketing activities for LFNM and/or Laugh Factory);
To other persons as permitted by applicable law or regulation; and
To law enforcement personnel and agencies, or as part of a legal process, in order to protect our property or in furtherance of an investigation regarding a breach of the Site rules and policies, unauthorized access to or use of the Site or any other illegal activities.
Any access to such information will be limited to the purpose for which such information was provided to our affiliate, subsidiary or Service Provider. Our affiliates, subsidiaries and Service Providers may be located throughout the world. Accordingly, information may be sent worldwide to countries which have a different level of privacy protection than the United States.
CONSENT TO PROCESSING
By using the Site and/or Apps, or providing information to LFNM, you understand and unambiguously consent to the collection, processing, transfer and use of information in the United States and other countries and territories, for the purposes set forth in this Policy. You hereby consent to the collection, processing and disclosure by LFNM of your Personal Information as described under this Policy, including but not limited to the transfer of your Personal Information between LFNM's Service Providers, affiliates and subsidiaries in accordance with this Policy. For further certainty, any consent relating to a right to transfer information referred to in this paragraph shall be deemed to include your consent to the transfer of the applicable Personal Information to a jurisdiction which may have a different level of privacy protection than that available in your own country.
OPT-OUT CHOICES
To "opt-out" of (1) receiving communications from LFNM or Laugh Factory, Inc. and its subsidiaries (except for communications necessary for your use of the Site or App), or (2) any other consent previously granted for a specific purpose concerning your Personal Information, send an e-mail to LFNM at webmaster@laughfactory.com.
REVIEWING OR CHANGING INFORMATION
If you have provided Personal Information to us, you may request to review, change or delete your information previously provided to us by sending an e-mail to webmaster@laughfactory.com. Requests for changes to or deletions of your Personal Information should be made by you directly
OTHER WEB SITES
This Policy applies to all sites under the domain laughfactory.com. This Site includes links to other web sites, including access to content, products and services of such sites (Other Sites). In some cases, these Other Sites are made available via "framing technology", and may appear to be part of this Site. Although some of the entities controlling these linked or framed sites may be under contract with LFNM, we urge you to familiarize yourself with the individual privacy and other terms for each linked or framed site prior to submitting your Personal Information
SALE OR TRANSFER OF INFORMATION
In the event of a sale, merger, liquidation, dissolution, or sale or transfer of substantially all of the assets of LFNM, Personal Information and/or usage data collected about you from the Site may be sold, assigned, or transferred to the party acquiring all or substantially all of the equity and/or assets of LFNM in order to permit the party to continue the operation of the Site. Subject to your ability to opt-out as described above, by using this Site and submitting your information to us, you consent to the sale and transfer of your information as described in this paragraph.
SECURITY
LFNM takes seriously the security of the information it collects. LFNM has therefore implemented technology and security policies and procedures intended to reduce the risk of accidental destruction or loss, or the unauthorized disclosure or access to, such information, reasonably appropriate to the nature of the data concerned.
UPDATES TO PRIVACY POLICY
LFNM may, in its sole discretion, update this Policy at any time and from time to time, by posting the amended Policy on this Site and Apps. The amended Policy shall be effective upon posting, and your access to or use of the Site or Apps following an update shall be deemed consent to the revised Policy. If you have provided Personal Information to us, amendments to this Policy may (but are not required to) be sent to you via email or such other form of communication as you have requested. We urge each visitor to refer back to this page regularly and especially prior to providing or updating any Personal Information. This Policy may not be otherwise amended without the written consent of LFNM. This Policy was last updated on December 13, 2012.
CHILDREN
Our Site is not generally intended for use by children under the age of 13, and LFNM does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children in this age group. If we become aware that a user under the age of 13 has registered with the Site or otherwise provided Personal Information to us, or is attempting to do so, we will notify the user that he or she is not eligible for registration or to submit Personal Information. We will then expunge any of his or her personally identifiable information from our records.
CONTACT, QUESTIONS, COMMENTS, COMPLAINTS
If you would like to communicate with LFNM regarding privacy issues or have questions, comments or complaints about this Policy or Site, please forward such communication to: webmaster@laughfactory.com.