https://www.stc-sm.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Who we are
We are the Society for Technical Communication, Michigan Great Lakes Chapter, STC-MGL, a 501(c)3 organization dedicated to the advancement of technical communication in southeastern Michigan. Our website address is www.stc-mgl.org.
The information on this site is offered as is. When you leave this site to visit a linked site, you will be bound by that website’s use and privacy policies.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
When you leave comments on the site, we collect the data shown in the comments form, and your IP address and browser user agent string to help with spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
We collect your name and email address from our event registration forms, but we do not sell or share the information we get from our forms.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address, and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me,” your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if you had visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
By default WordPress does not collect any analytics data. However, many web hosting accounts collect some anonymous analytics data.
Who we share your data with
We do not currently share data with anyone. If that changes, we will update this privacy page.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
What rights you have over your data
If you have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments are checked through an automated spam detection service.
Our contact information
If you have any privacy-related concerns about this website, please email our webmaster.
Search for:
Search
Coming Up
Lunchtime Coffee Meetup: December 16
Wednesday, December 16, 12:00 pm–1:00 pm
Lunchtime Coffee Meetup: January 14
Thursday, January 14, 2021, 12:00 pm–1:00 pm
Council Meeting January 21
Thursday, January 21, 2021, 7:00 pm–8:30 pm
View All Events
Mentoring Program InformationOur mentoring program is a great member benefit! Read more about it on our new
Mentoring Program page.Categories
Book Club
Book Reviews
Chapter News
Coffee
Competitions
How Tos
Just for Fun
Letter from the President
Member Spotlight
Networking Events
News From Sister Orgs
Other Events of Interest
Other Interesting News
Program Info
Program Recap
STC
Summit News
Webinars
Website Related
Recent Posts
Lunchtime Coffee Meetup: December 16
Upcoming Virtual Book Club – Thursday, December 10
Microcontent Program Recap
Recap: Mastering Your Website 101
Lunchtime Coffee Meetup: November 12
Meta
Log in
Entries feed
Comments feed
WordPress.org