http://www.tomandjerryonline.com/privacy.cfm?utm_source=tnj&utm_medium=topnav&utm_campaign=privacy
Join the Chase
Main
News
Merchandise
Let's Color!
Links
About TnJ Online
Privacy Policy
Contact
F.A.Q
The Tom&Jerry Story
Latest Pictures
VIEW MORE PICTURES
Gaggle
Tom & Jerry Merchandise
Quotes
"An important thing in life is getting the breaks. It's being somewhere at a certain time and a certain thing happens."
-Joe Barbera
Peace Treaty
- from "The Truce Hurts"
The dog, the cat, and mouse agree,
To live together peacefully.
With this Truce we won't tinker,
The one that does, is a Stinker.
Signed,
Tom, Jerry, & Spike
Disclaimer
"I do not, in any
way, shape or form, claim any ownership to the characters,
sounds, images, or anything else related to 'Tom and Jerry'.
Those rights belong to those big companies and corporations
(Warner Brothers,
Turner Entertainment,
Cartoon
Network) with really powerful lawyers. This site is for
entertainment purposes only."
TOM AND JERRY ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY
It is simple. I, nor Tom and Jerry Online or The Tom and Jerry Clubhouse, do not disclose your
personal information to any third party organization for any purpose without your prior consent. All
reasonable precautions have been taken to ensure its security both online and offline.
If there is any bit of news/information, releated to or about Tom and Jerry, sent/emailed to this site or its
operator; said news/information may be posted on Tom and Jerry Online or The Tom and Jerry Clubhouse with
regards to the Senders privacy. No email address will be posted, nor the senders full name. The Senders
first name, however, will be posted along with the news/information sent to give Thanks and credit/acknowledgement to said sender;
unless otherwise noted by the Sender.
Tom and Jerry Online and The Tom and Jerry Clubhouse is in no way affiliated with Warner Brothers or Time Warner Entertainment.
The is an Unofficial Fan Site for Tom and Jerry Fans, by a Tom and Jerry fan.
The friendly Rat
may tell the Cat.
- from "Yankee Doodle Mouse"
Scroll to Top