http://www.hadleighchoralsociety.org.uk/members/privacy/
Skip to content
Accessibility
Text Size:
Normal
Large
Larger
Screen Colours:
Normal
Black & Yellow
Welcome
About Us
History
Committee
Sectional Reps
President
Conductor
Accompanist
Serendipity Chamber Choir
Social
Join Us
Support Us
Friends
Advertising & Sponsorship
Members
Rehearsal aids
Weekly rehearsal notes
Members' Calendar
Latest news & information
Privacy
Concerts
Forthcoming concerts
Previous concerts
Recordings
News Posts
Calendar
Privacy
Members » Privacy
Hadleigh Choral Society - Privacy Statement
Your member data – what we need and why
We need some of your details, for example your name and email address, so that we can let you know about things like rehearsal and event dates, subscription payments and social events.
What data do we collect from members?
We collect some of the following types of data from members (we don’t collect all of this data on all members – we only collect it if it’s needed): Name
- Email address
- Postal address
- 'phone number/s
- Subscriptions payments
- Gift Aid declarations
- Bank details
What do we use it for?
We check what data we have on members every two years and remove it if we no longer need it. If you leave the group, we’ll make sure we stop using and/or delete any data we don’t need to keep (e.g. for financial reporting).
Any of the information listed above might be needed to manage your membership with Hadleigh Choral Society and to organise and run our activities. We won’t ever use this data for anything else unless you give us your active consent for that additional use.
If you give us your consent, Hadleigh Choral Society will add your email to our mailing list for the group’s marketing/promotional communications. We will always include opt-out options on all such communications. You can withdraw your consent at any point by contacting the Data Protection Officer.
Do we share your data with anyone else?
We will never give your data to third parties for that third party to use. We will sometime use third party services (e.g. Google Drive) to store or process your data but we will always make that they are reputable and secure, and that your data is kept safe.
If another member of Hadleigh Choral Society asks for your contact details we will only ever share them if you consent.
What can you ask us to do?
At any time you can ask to view, update or correct any data we hold on you. You can also ask that we stop using your data or that we erase it. To request any of these, please contact the Data Protection Officer who will respond within one month.
I’ve got a question– who should I speak to?|
The best person to speak to is the Data Protection Officer – Helen Rogerson
HADLEIGH CHORAL SOCIETY: Data Protection policy
Policy prepared by: Liz Turnbull
Approved by Board/committee on: 23.04.18
By using our website you are consenting to our use of cookies. If you would like to know how we use our cookies or how you can block cookies in your browser please click on our cookie policy.
Close