http://www.guitarnotes.com/info/privacy.shtml
[an error occurred while processing this directive]
[an error occurred while processing this directive]
HOME / PRIVACY POLICY
Privacy Policy
Guitar Notes and its advertisers and affiliates are deeply committed to
protecting the privacy of Internet users. Below is information
outlining our continued support for the responsible management of
consumer information.
Please check back periodically, as this policy
may change from time to time.
Use of IP Address
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server,
administer our Web site, and improve the information and services
offered.
IP addresses are logged and possibly used to gather vague
demographic information about our users. Such information should
contain no personal information about our visitors, consisting only of
internet addresses, times, and files downloaded.
These logs will not
be sold or distributed to third parties.
Use of Cookies
Our site uses cookies for a few limited purposes.
Our discussion forum
and other various sections of the webpage requiring some level of
interactivity may distribute cookies to users' browsers. Users always
reserve the right to deny these cookies through their web browser,
though this may cause errors while viewing our site.
Some advertisers
that advertise at Guitar Notes may use cookies to make sure you do not
see the same advertisement repeatedly.
Guitar Notes works with third parties that serve ads to this site.
Third Party Advertising
We use third-party advertising companies such as MusicVision to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please click here.
During the process of delivering an ad to you, Guitar Notes does not
collect any personally identifiable information about you such as
name, address, phone number, or e-mail address. However, Guitar Notes
does obtain some types of non-personally identifiable information such
as the Internet Service Provider you use to connect to the Internet,
your browser type, or the type of computer operating system you use
(Macintosh or Windows, for example). The information collected by
Guitar Notes is used for the purpose of targeting ads and measuring ad
effectiveness on behalf of our advertisers.
Comments or Questions
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices
of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, please feel free to
contact us using the link below.
[an error occurred while processing this directive]