http://www.dragonballgt.com/legal/copywrite
Copyright Information
All materials on this site, including, but not limited to cartoon characters, images, illustrations, audio clips,
video clips, and compilations are protected by copyrights, trademarks, and other intellectual property rights
which are owned and controlled by FUNimation Productions, Ltd. and its affiliates (collectively, "FUNimation")
or by other parties that have licensed their material to FUNimation. Materials on FUNimation.com and related
sites are solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Without the express written consent of FUNimation or
other rights holder(s) listed below, these materials may not be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted,
transmitted, or distributed in any way, including by e-mail or other electronic means. Without the prior written
consent of the owner, modification of the materials, use of the materials on any other web site or networked
computer environment, or use of the materials for any purpose other than personal, non-commercial use is a
violation of the copyrights, trademarks, and other proprietary rights, and is prohibited. The holders of the
copyrighted and/or trademarked material appearing on this site are as follows:
FUNimation Productions, Ltd.
© 2003 FUNimation® Productions, Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Dragon Ball Z
Dragon Ball Z
© 2003 BIRD STUDIO/ SHUEISHA, TOEI ANIMATION.
Licensed by FUNimation® Productions, Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Dragon Ball Z and all logos, character names
and distinctive likenesses thereof are trademarks of TOEI ANIMATION.
Dragon Ball GT
Dragon Ball GT
© 2003 BIRD STUDIO/ SHUEISHA, TOEI ANIMATION. Licensed by FUNimation® Productions, Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Dragon Ball GT and all logos, character names and distinctive likenesses thereof are trademarks of TOEI ANIMATION.
Dragon Ball
Dragon Ball
© 2003 BIRD STUDIO/ SHUEISHA, TOEI ANIMATION. Licensed by FUNimation® Productions, Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Dragon Ball and all logos, character names and distinctive likenesses thereof are trademarks of TOEI ANIMATION.
Privacy Policy Manager
FUNimation Productions, Ltd.
Attn: Privacy Policy Manager
1200 Lakeside Pkwy
Flower Mound, TX, 75028 USA
+1-972-355-7300
Legal3@funimation.com