http://www.photosite.de/privacy.html
Privacy Statement of Photosite.de
Information Collection and Use
Photosite.de is the sole owner of the information collected on this
site.
We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others
in ways different from what is disclosed
in this statement.
Photosite.de collects information from our users
at several different points on our website.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user?s hard drive containing
information about the user.
Usage of a cookie is in no way linked
to any personally identifiable
information while on our site.
Once the user closes their browser,
the cookie simply terminates.
For instance, by setting a cookie
on our site, the user would not have to
log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our
site.
If a user rejects the cookie, they may still use our site.
The only drawback to this is that the
user will be limited in some areas of our site.
For example, the user
will not be able to participate in any of our Sweepstakes,
Contests or monthly Drawings that take
place. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of
our users to enhance the experience on our site.
Some of our business partners use cookies on our site (for example,
advertisers).
However, we have no access to or control over these
cookies.
Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track
user's movement, and gather broad demographic information for
aggregate use.
IP addresses are not
linked to personally identifiable information.
Sharing
We will share aggregated demographic information with our partners and
advertisers. This is not linked to any personal information that
can identify any individual
person.
We partner with another party to provide specific services. When the
user signs up for these services, we will share names, or other
contact information that is
necessary for the third party to provide these services.
These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable
information except for the purpose of providing these services.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we
[Photosite.de] are not responsible for the privacy practices of
such other sites.
We encourage our
users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy
statements of each and every web site that collects personally
identifiable information.
This privacy
statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Security
This website takes every precaution to protect our users'
information.
Currently we do not collect any user specific data, which will be
stored online or off-line.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes
on our Homepage so our users are always aware of what information
we collect, how we use it,
and under circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
If at any point we
decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner
different from that stated at the time it
was collected, we will notify users by way of an email.
Users will
have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in
this different manner. We will use
information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
Webmaster Ireland@photosite.de
Last modified: Mon Aug 27 15:44:31 CEST 2001