http://www.londondance.com/site/privacy-policy/
Skip to navigation (Access key ‘n’)
Skip to page content (Access key ‘c’)
LondonDance
Search site
HomeNewsDirectoryJobs & opportunities
Privacy Policy
londondance.com has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site:
Information Automatically Logged
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site.
Cookies
Our Site uses cookies to save your password so you don’t have to re-enter it each time you visit our site.
Registration Forms
Our site’s registration form requires users to give us contact information (like their name, email, and postal address).
Contact information from the registration forms is used to send emails with information about our website, and to send promotional material from some of our partners to our customers. The customer’s contact information is also used to get in touch with the customer when necessary, to share with other companies who may want to contact our customers.
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site. This information is shared with advertisers on an aggregate basis.
We use this data to tailor our visitor’s experience at our site showing them content that we think they might be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences.
Surveys
Our online surveys ask visitors for contact information (like email address). Contact information from the surveys is used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary.
Contests
We run contests on our site in which we ask visitors for contact information (like email address).
Contact information from the contests is used to ship purchases, information about our company. The customer’s contact information is also used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary, and to share with other companies who may want to contact our visitors.
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites. londondance.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Public Forums
This site makes chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control – the site is firewall protected and servers are stored in a protected room.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving promotional/marketing information from our partners, and us.
You can visit the following URL: londondance.com and log on with your details in the box provided
Data Quality/Access
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided:
You can visit the following URL: londondance.com and log on with your details in the box provided.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact: editor@londondance.com
Share
|
About UsAdvertisePrivacy PolicySitemap
News
Reviews
Interviews
Features
What’s On
Search For:
Near: eg. EC1R 4TN
Between:
And:
Category:
All Categories
Ballet
Children`s Show
Contemporary
Dance Theatre
Exhibitions
Film / Video
Flamenco
Hip Hop
Miscellaneous
Musical
Physical Theatre
Talks
Tango
TV / Radio
Submit
Dance Map
See what’s on & where,find a dance class ›
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Arts Council England
Sadler's Wells
About Us
Advertise
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
© 2020 londondance.com
Web Design by Made Media
Closure of Londondance.com
After 18 years of sharing information and promoting dialogue on what is happening in dance across the capital, Londondance.com is closing.
The decision to close the website was announced in summer 2019 and no new content has been published since then.
In response to an ongoing dialogue with the dance community, Sadler’s Wells is finalising arrangements for material hosted on the site to be archived, so that it may be publicly preserved as a resource. Until a permanent archive is created, Londondance.com remains online; it will not close on 5 February 2020 at 23:59 GMT as previously stated.
More information here. Thank you for having been a part of Londondance.com.