https://www.angelabooth.biz/privacy-policy-and-affiliate-links.html
Angela Booth's Writing Blog
For pro writers, writing fiction, nonfiction and copywriting. Have fun, and become a better writer. Copyright (c) 2004 to 2020, Angela Booth. All rights reserved.
Home
Classes for Writers
Notable Tips
About
Writer Angela Booth
Angela Booth
Story Spinner: Fiction GhostwritingStory Spinner: Build A Lucrative Fiction Ghostwriting Business In 7 Days
Set the foundations of a six-figure writing business in just seven days when you become a fiction ghostwriter
.
Search
Books: Write Fiction
Angela Booth: Short Fiction Secrets: How To Write And Sell Short Stories (Selling Writer Strategies Book 2)Writing short stories is a fun and easy way to get started writing fiction — you can get paid to write, in your spare time. If you're new to writing fiction, you can learn the elements of writing fiction — short stories are much easier to control than longer fiction.
Angela Booth: Master Fiction Writing: Craft A Novel in 31 Days: Selling Writer Strategies 4This program began as a 30-day challenge which I organized in 2010. Hundreds of writers joined the challenge; they wrote novels. You can write a novel in 31 days too.
Angela Booth: Step By Step To Fiction Which Sells: Plotting And Scene MagicWhat if you could leave boring fiction forever behind you, so that the story in your head becomes the story on the page?
You CAN, when you discover the magic of story, plotting, and scenes.
Pages
About
Books: Writing Process
Privacy Policy and Affiliate Links
Receive free, "2019 Kickstart: Best of the Blogs In 2018"
Categories
100 Day Writing Challenge
100 ways to be more creative
Be more productive
Blogging For Dollars
Books
Business
Business blogging
Buy on eBay
Copywriting
Creativity
Current Affairs
Fiction
Film
Freelance writer
Games
Get started as a freelance writer
GTD
Hire a Copywriter
Internet marketing
Journal
Language; grammar
Make money writing
Marketing your writing
Motivation
Music
Nonfiction
Notable Tips
Pens; and ink
Podcasts
Practice your writing skills
Pro Write
Publishing
Romance writing
Self-publishing
Web content
Web publishing
Web writing
Web/Tech
Weblogs
Weekend writer
Write a book
Write and sell ebooks
Write for the Web
Write more
Writing
Writing Blog of the Day
Writing entrepreneur
Writing for personal development
Writing Tip
Writing TOOLS (software, books)
YOUR Writer's Web site
Marketing For Writers And Authors
Angela Booth: Publicity And Marketing Magic For Writers: How To Build Your Writing Platform And Sell More Every Day
Angela Booth: Social Media For Writers: Increase Your Sales In 15 Minutes A Day
Angela Booth: Self-Publishing Strategy Made Easy: How To Market Your Books In 15 Minutes A Day
Privacy Policy and Affiliate Links
Privacy Policy
At Angela Booth's Writing Blog, we collect and manage user data according to the following Privacy Policy.
Data Collected
We collect information you provide directly to us. For example, we collect information when you create an account, subscribe, participate in any interactive features of our services, fill out a form, request customer support or otherwise communicate with us. The types of information we may collect include your name, email address, postal address, credit card information and other contact or identifying information you choose to provide.
We collect anonymous data from every visitor of the Website to monitor traffic and fix bugs. For example, we collect information like web requests, the data sent in response to such requests, the Internet Protocol address, the browser type, the browser language, and a timestamp for the request.
We also use various technologies to collect information, and this may include sending cookies to your computer. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in your device memory that helps us to improve our services and your experience, see which areas and features of our services are popular and count visits. We may also collect information using web beacons (also known as "tracking pixels"). Web beacons are electronic images that may be used in our services or emails and to track count visits or understand usage and campaign effectiveness.
Use of the Data
We only use your personal information to provide you the Angela Booth's Writing Blog services or to communicate with you about the Website or the services. Our Privacy Policy was created with the help of the Privacy Policy Template and the Terms and Conditions Template.
We employ industry standard techniques to protect against unauthorized access of data about you that we store, including personal information.
We do not share personal information you have provided to us without your consent, unless:
Doing so is appropriate to carry out your own request
We believe it's needed to enforce our legal agreements or that is legally required
We believe it's needed to detect, prevent or address fraud, security or technical issues
Sharing of Data
We don't share your personal information with third parties. Aggregated, anonymized data is periodically transmitted to external services to help us improve the Website and service.
We may allow third parties to provide analytics services. These third parties may use cookies, web beacons and other technologies to collect information about your use of the services and other websites, including your IP address, web browser, pages viewed, time spent on pages, links clicked and conversion information.
We also use social buttons provided by services like Twitter, Google+, LinkedIn and Facebook. Your use of these third party services is entirely optional. We are not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices of these third party services, and you are responsible for reading and understanding those third party services' privacy policies.
Opt-Out, Communication Preferences
You may modify your communication preferences and/or opt-out from specific communications at any time. Please specify and adjust your preferences.
Security
We take reasonable steps to protect personally identifiable information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. But, you should keep in mind that no Internet transmission is ever completely secure or error-free. In particular, email sent to or from the Sites may not be secure.
About Children
The Website is not intended for children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information via the Website from visitors in this age group.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used.
If we make major changes in the way we collect or use information, we will notify you by posting an announcement on the Website or sending you an email.
Affiliate Links on Angela Booth's Writing Blog
Some links on this blog may be to products and services for which this blog is an affiliate. You'll usually be informed of this because we'll mention that a link is an "affiliate link," but you may not be, if the link was automatically generated.
When you purchase via an affiliate link on this site, the site earns a small amount -- this is at zero cost to you.
Thank you for reading.
Questions? Please contact me.
Digg This
| Save to del.icio.us
Angela's Books For Writers: Basic Strategies
Angela Booth: Write AND Sell in Just 8 Hours: Create Top-Selling Ebooks FASTCreate and sell; that's a writer's life. If you've been procrastinating, it's time to be inspired.
Angela Booth: The Journaling Habit: Achieve Your Goals And Change Your Life In Just Ten Minutes A DayJust ten minutes a day: change your life. You can do it, starting today.
Angela Booth: Map It: For Writing Success - Fiction And Nonfiction Outlines Made Easy: Fun, Powerful Outlining Strategies For Writers Who Hate OutlinesThese practical and powerful methods of outlining will work for you, even if you think you "can't outline."
Angela Booth: Blurbs Sell Your Books: Craft Irresistible Blurbs, And Sell More Fiction And Nonfiction TodayMaster blurbs. They're advertisements, a tease; they'll increase your sales.
Angela Booth: Nonfiction Ebooks Goldmine: Write and Sell Nonfiction Ebooks In 24 Hours Or Less (Selling Writer Strategies Book 5)You're a writer. You need to make money from your words. What if you could create AND sell a nonfiction book in just a day?
Angela Booth: Angela Booth's Easy-Write Process: Write The EASY WAY... Like a Professional WriterIf you've ever dreaded writing, or felt that writing was too hard, you'll love the Easy-Write Process.
Angela Booth: Planning And Writing A Hot-Selling Series: Selling Writer Strategies, Book 7Want to sell more fiction with every book you write?
You can, when you write series fiction.
Angela Booth: Plan, Write, And Publish Serial Fiction In Four Weeks: Selling Writer Strategies, Book 6You've heard that authors are successfully publishing their fiction as serials, and are curious. Get started writing serial fiction today.
Archives
December 2020
November 2020
October 2020
September 2020
August 2020
July 2020
June 2020
May 2020
April 2020
March 2020
More...
Recent Posts
Content Creation: 4 Savvy Tips To Sell Your Writing In 2021
3 Frustrating Freelance Writing Challenges: Overcome Them NOW
Content Creator: From Great Ideas To Great Sales In 4 Weeks — Angela Booth's Online Writing Classes and Programs
Fiction Author? Black Friday Specials Available Now
Content Creator: 3 Ways To Add Value To Your Content (And Sell More)
Writing Tip For Motivation Monday: The Attention Secret
Offering: Write Commercial Fiction (10 Days) - Writer Angela Booth
Writing Tip For Motivation Monday: Show Up And Keep Showing Up - Writer Angela Booth
5 Productivity Tips For Freelancers: Clear Your Mind With Kanban - TextExpander
Writing Tip For Motivation Monday: Just Write
Writing Success: 3 Tips To Make It Easier
Naked WordPress: Create Starter Content For Your Writer's Website
New In The Newsletter: Get Visible To Sell More
5 Ways Sell More Books, Even If You Only Have Ten Minutes
How To Plot: 3 Steps To Make Plotting Fiction Simple And Fun
Angela Booth
Contact Angela
Ezine: Subscribe