http://www.wexford-language.com/cookie-policy/
English
Deutsch
Español
Cookie Policy
What are Cookies?
Cookies are very small text files stored on your hard drive. They uniquely identify your computer and allow the website to store information about your session on the website, improve website security and helps to customise your website experience. A unique user identity is created which ensures that you are not required to re-enter login details as you move throughout the website if logged in as a customer.
How cookies are used?
Cookies are used to assist in making a website work more efficiently. They are used to remember your preferences, for example; your IP address and the time you first visited the website. When you leave the site and come back to it, this information can be reloaded from your computer thereby generally improving your user experience. By default, this only user for one hour.
We may also use Google Analytics which is a tool that records data about all the users who arrive to the website. The cookies that are used by Google Analytics are detailed on this page.
What types of Cookies are used on www.slaneylanguage.com ?
Strictly Necessary Cookies
These Cookies are essential to enable you to move around www.slaneylanguage.com.com and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website.
Performance Cookies
These Cookies collect information about how visitors use www.slaneylanguage.com, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These Cookies don’t collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these Cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. It is only used to improve how www.slaneylanguage.com works.
Targeting/Advertising Cookies
www.slaneylanguage.com does not use these cookies in any part of our website.
List of Cookies Used on www.slaneylanguage.com
PHPSESSID:
The PHPSESSID cookies are created/sent when a user ‘session’ is created. When you enter the site for the first time you are assigned a PHPSESSID cookie. This cookie stores details such as:
Your IP Address
The time you arrived on the site
If you have chosen to hide the cookie message at the bottom of the website.
This session cookie has a timeout that expires if there has been no activity between your computer and the website in excess of one hour. This cookie is reset each time you return to www.slaneylanguage.com Do data is saved from this cookie.
Google Analytics related cookies
__utma:
This cookie keeps track of the number of times a visitor has been to the site pertaining to the cookie, when their first visit was, and when their last visit occurred. Google Analytics uses the information from this cookie to calculate things like Days and Visits to purchase. This cookie is what’s called a ‘persistent’ cookie, as in, it is not set to automatically expire unless removed by the user.
‘__utmb’ and ”utmc’:
The B and C cookies work together to calculate how long a visit takes. __utmb takes a timestamp of the exact moment in time when a visitor enters a site, while __utmc takes a timestamp of the exact moment in time when a visitor leaves a site. __utmb expires at the end of the session. __utmc waits 30 minutes, and then it expires. You see, __utmc has no way of knowing when a user closes their browser or leaves a website, so it waits 30 minutes for another page view to happen, and if it doesn’t, it expires.
__utmz:
__utmz keeps track of where the visitor came from, what search engine you used, what link you clicked on, what keyword you used, and where you were in the world when you accessed a website. It expires in 6 months. This cookie is how Google Analytics knows to whom and to what source / medium / keyword to assign the credit for a Goal Conversion or an E-commerce Transaction.
All Google Analytics information is recorded anonymously and does not provide or share any user-identifiable information, for more information, please see Google’s Privacy Policy.
For more detailed information on cookies, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
Like us on Facebook SlaneyLanguageCentre
Slaney Language Centre
© The Slaney Language Centre 2020. All Rights Reserved.
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
HomeAdult Courses
Full Time General English Courses
English Language Academic Year 25 Week – Study and Work Programme General English Group Course Intensive Young at Heart Course
Intensive Combination Courses
General English Group Course Intensive PLUS 4 INDIVIDUAL LESSONS General English Group Course PLUS 10 INDIVIDUAL LESSONS General English Group Course Intensive PLUS CAMBRIDGE ENGLISH:FIRST (FCE) EXAM PREPARATION General English Group Course Intensive PLUS JOB APPLICATION SKILL TRAINING General English Group Course Intensive PLUS SLANEY BOOK CLUB
Individual Classes
One-to-one English Language Course Two-to-one English Language Courses Business English Course for Executives
Part Time Courses
General English Group Course – Part Time – Morning Course General English Evening Classes – Part Time – Evening Course Cambridge English: First (FCE) Exam Preparation Evening Classes – Part Time
Other Programmes
English and Internship Programme English and Wwoofing
Erasmus Courses
Erasmus Plus Teacher Refresher Course Erasmus Plus: Theory and Practise of CLIL for Teachers
Junior Courses
Easter and Summer Teen Programmes Full Immersion Stays Secondary School Placements English and Golf Programme for Teenage Golfers Cool Kids and Keen Teens Courses – Family Course Programme
Family CoursesMinistays for GroupsAccommodation
Full Board Host Family Stay Self-catering Host Family Stay B&B, Guesthouses and Hotels Self-catering accommodation in Wexford
Information
Reasons to Study With us Our Location Meet our Team Activities and Excursions How to Register for your English Language Course Your First Course Day News Photo Gallery What our Students Say Work with us Study Information
Study Visa Information Payment Options Insurance (Personal Accident and Course Cancellation) English Language Exams Learner Protection Emergency Contacts Slaney Language Centre Policies Links