http://www.patriciacornwell.com/privacy-policy/
Your Privacy Rights
The patriciacornwell.com Website is provided by Cornwell Entertainment, Inc.  Let us know if you have any question about this Privacy Policy (please put “privacy policy” in the subject matter area).
This Privacy Policy describes how CEI collects, uses and shares personally identifiable information (referred to as “Personal Information” below), such as your name, address, email address, and telephone number, that CEI obtains from individuals located in the U.S., in connection with patriciacornwell.com (referred to as the “Website” below). Protecting and respecting your Personal Information is very important to CEI.
This Privacy Policy applies to adults and all children who have reached their 13th birthday. CEI does not knowingly permit children under the age of 13 to use the Website and does not knowingly collect
Personal Information from anyone under the age of 13. The effective date of this policy is July 10, 2015.  Except as explicitly
stated below, CEI will not affirmatively notify users of changes in our Privacy Policy; but we will abide by the Privacy Policy in effect at the time CEI collects Personal Information from a visitor, respecting uses of that Personal Information.  By using the Web Site, you agree to and accept the terms of this Privacy Policy, which is part of the Terms of Use.
Collection of Personal Information by CEI
When you register with Website or submit any data on this Website, you may be asked for basic information, such as your email address and an acceptable username that CEI will use to identify you as the source of content you upload. From time to time, CEI may also ask you about your likes and dislikes in order to provide information and services to you that suits your preferences. Apart from retaining your e-mail address and IP address when you visit the Website, CEI only collects Personal Information from you when you voluntarily submit information to CEI in order to participate in activities offered at the Website.
When you use the Website, cookies may be set up in your computer to make your experience easier, more personalized and more enjoyable — for example, to remember which media player you use, your password. Cookies also may help CEI monitor site usage and traffic so CEI can better configure the site for visitors’ needs.  We may record information about your usage and associate that
information with your username, IP address, and/or email address through theuse of a cookie; otherwise, Personal Information will not be collected by or stored on a cookie. It goes without saying that should you voluntarily disclose any Personal Information or other information or content for public posting in book reviews, chat rooms, or otherwise within the Website, it will become publicly available.
Also, any content that you submit may be distributed through the Internet and other media, and seen by the general public.
Personal Information Received from Third Party Sources
CEI may also obtain Personal Information from third parties, who might provide CEI with a mailing list for a newsletter or solicitation.  CEI will always ask for confirmation that such Personal Information has been furnished to CEI in accordance with the privacy policy of the third party who provides the information.  CEI is not responsible, however, for compliance with the privacy practices of third parties.
Use by CEI of Personal Information
CEI may use Personal Information to address you personally throughout your visit at the Website; to otherwise provide personal services to you; and to authenticate your presence at the Website.  CEI will also use your username and email to notify you should you win a contest. CEI may use Personal Information for internal purposes to better understand the use of the Website and
how to make your use easier and more enjoyable.  As long as you OPT IN, and then unless and until you OPT OUT, CEI will also use your name and/or email address, and survey responses you have provided: for customer service purposes, to send you news about the Website and Patricia Cornwell’s books, and to give you the opportunity to participate in offers made by CEI and CEI’s
business partners and advertisers.   CEI will not, however, share any of your Personal Information with third persons, except as provided in the following section.
Use by Third Parties of Personal Information
When you give CEI information for a specific purpose, CEI will use that information solely for that purpose unless CEI tells you otherwise and gives you an opportunity to OPT OUT.  When you sign up for E-Mail Alerts, CEI may share your personal information with the publishers of Patricia Cornwell’s books for the purpose of delivering E-Mail Alerts to you; they, too, will give you an opportunity to OPT OUT.  CEI  may also share your Personal Information with other third parties who provide support for the internal operations of our website and who will not disclose or use that information for any other purpose. CEI may also share your Personal Information with a third party in the event of a transfer of ownership or assets, or bankruptcy, by CEI’s owners. CEI may also disclose your Personal Information as required or permitted by law, to protect the interests or safety of CEI or a third party, or in an emergency situation.  CEI may share with third parties aggregated non-personal information, which might include, for example, how many visitors watched a video or clicked on a specific advertisement, or responded in a particular way to a questionnaire. Such information does not identify you personally, however, and is not Personal Information.
Tracking
We do not collect data for ad targeting and do not allow third parties like advertising companies to collect data through our service for this purpose.  Accordingly, we will not track for ad targeting or any other purpose whether or not you give us a “do not track” signal or header.
Linked Websites
CEI may contain links to other Internet sites operated by other companies. Although CEI chooses our business partners and advertisers carefully, CEI is not responsible for the privacy practices of websites operated by third parties that are linked to our website or of third parties that advertise on our website. Once you’ve left CEI via such a link or by clicking on an advertisement, you should check the applicable privacy policy of the third party to determine how they will handle any Personal Information they collect from you.
Internal Security
CEI uses reasonable administrative, technical, personnel and physical measures to safeguard Personal Information in its possession against loss, theft and unauthorized use, disclosure or modification.