http://www.hipgirlie.com/privacy
Home
Sales
About
Advertise
Start a Fashion Blog
Privacy
At HipGirlie.com, we are committed to protecting the privacy of our users and visitors.
Information We Collect
Information Submitted by a user. HipGirlie.com collects personal information when you register or request information from us. The personal information we collect is listed below:
* User Name
* Password
* Email Address
* Personal Preferences
Submitted information about other people. For example, you may enter a friend’s email to invite to HipGirlie.com, or email links to HipGirlie.com. In this circumstance, we collect the following information about the recipient:
* Email address
Non-submitted Information collected. HipGirlie.com may also collect non-personal information not associated with your identity. We collect this data to improve HipGirlie.com. The non-submitted information we collect is listed below:
* IP
* Time
* Transferred Data
* Browser Information
* Operating System
* Cookies
How We Use Your Information
Among our primary goals in collecting information is to provide you with a customized experience when visiting our site and to make our site more valuable to you. We use this information to closely monitor which areas of the site are used most and to determine which areas we need to focus on improving. This information is used exclusively by HipGirlie.com in aggregate form so that we may continue to improve the value of the services and information on HipGirlie.com for our members as a whole.
As a valued customer of HipGirlie.com, we will occasionally contact you, typically by e-mail in order to notify you of special events, and up-to-date news, custom-tailored to your personal interests. Of course, if you do not wish to receive this personalized information, you can remove yourself from receiving such information by changing the appropriate option on your user account.
HipGirlie.com uses your Internet Protocol (IP) address to help diagnose problems with our servers, and to administer our web site. Your IP address is used to help identify you, and to gather broad demographic data. Your IP address contains no personal information about you.
Once you’ve logged into our servers, we use cookies keep track of your application states and log in status. Cookies are small files that take up minimal room on your computer and cannot, by itself, damage your computer’s files. Cookies work by assigning a number to a user that has no meaning outside of the assigning web site, in this case, HipGirlie.com. If you do not want information to be collected through the use of cookies, your browser allows you to deny or accept the use of cookies. There may, however, be some features on HipGirlie.com which requires the use of cookies in order to customize the delivery of information and content to you.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit www.networkadvertising.org.
* Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site.
* Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet.
* Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Except as described above, we will not monitor, edit or disclose any personal information about you or your account, without your prior consent unless we have a belief that such action is necessary to: (i) comply with legal process or other legal requirements of any governmental authority; (ii) protect and defend the rights or property of HipGirlie.com; (iii) enforce our Terms of Service; (iv) protect the interests of users of our services other than you or any other person; or (v) operate or conduct maintenance and repair of HipGirlie.com services or equipment as authorized by law.
Our Disclosure of Your Information
HipGirlie.com does not sell or rent personal information about its customers to any third parties.
HipGirlie.com cooperates with all law enforcement inquires and with all third parties to enforce their intellectual property or other rights.
HipGirlie.com also contains links to other web sites. HipGirlie.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites.
CURRENTLY OBSESSED
Most Wanted
HipGirlie in your Inbox
* indicates required
Email Address
*
First Name
Last Name
HipGirlie.com
About
Privacy
More Fashion
Advertise
Search
Disclosure
Designed by Sophie
This site rocks the Thesis Classic Skin for Thesis.