http://www.japan-zone.com/terms.shtml
Toggle navigation
Japan Travel Guide
Your Source for Information on Japan and Japanese Culture
Buy Direct from Japan
100's of cool Japanese products, shipped direct from Japan
Site Search
Home
Cultural Japan
Entertainment & Arts
Kabuki Theater
Noh Theater
Bunraku Puppet Theater
Geisha
Musical Instruments
Sado - Tea Ceremony
Kodo - The Way of Incense
Entertainment & Arts (cont'd)
Ikebana - Flower Arranging
Ukiyoe - Woodblock Prints
Bonsai - Trees in Miniature
Origami
Classical Literature
Modern Literature
Fashion
Kimono
Footwear
Food & Drink
Food Basics
Popular Dishes
Alcohol
Drinking Out
Calendar
Festivals
Annual Events
The Four Seasons
Hanami - Cherry Blossoms
Valentine's Day/White Day
The Chinese Zodiac
Royalty
The Imperial Family
Imperial Family Members
Modern Japan
Entertainment
Movies
Movie Posters
Anime
Anime Movies
TV Anime
TV Comedy
Manga
Entertainment (cont'd)
Pop Music
Takarazuka
Kawaii Culture
Pachinko
The Gaming Industry
Game Developers
Japan's Impact on Gaming
Famous people
Directors
Actors & Actresses
TV Stars
Comedians
Musicians
Sports Stars
Designers
Japan Inc
Economy
Global 500
Companies A - F
Companies G - L
Companies M
Companies N
Companies O - S
Companies T - Z
New to Japan
General
Visas
Accommodation
Health & Welfare
Local Transport
Long-Distance Transport
General (cont'd)
Earthquakes
Mobile Phones
Money
Etiquette
Meeting People
Language
Learn Japanese
Alphabets
Kanji Characters
Useful Expressions
New Japanese
Employment
Working in Japan
Teaching in Japan
Find a Job
Tokyo 2020 Olympic Games
Olympic Games in Japan
Japan Omnibus
Geography
Facts & Figures
Regions & Cities
Climate
Sightseeing
Travel Essentials
Tokyo - The Capital of Cool
Kyoto - The Ancient Capital
Hokkaido - The Frozen North
Sightseeing (cont'd)
Tohoku - Northern Japan
Kanto - Around Tokyo
Chubu - Central Japan
Kinki - Around Osaka, Kyoto
Chugoku - The Middle Kingdom
Shikoku - Island Life
Kyushu - The Southern Island
Okinawa - Tropical Paradise
Sports
Baseball
Soccer
Sumo
Martial Arts
Other Sports
Leisure Activities
Onsen - Hot Spring Resorts
Scuba Diving
History
Early History
Medieval History
Modern History
Politics
System of Government
Political Parties
Prime Ministers (1885-Present)
Politicians
Religion
Shinto
Buddhism
Other Religions
Superstitions
Shrines
Temples
Zen Gardens
Features
Blogs
Japan Store
Apparel
Footwear
Accessories
Interior
Toys & Games
Food
Sale Items
Japan Zone »
Terms
Japan Zone Terms
The japan-zone.com web site (hereafter referred to as Japan Zone) was created in 1999 with the purpose of providing an up to date and comprehensive online guide to Japan and Japanese culture and providing a forum for people around the world interested in Japan. There is an emphasis on popular culture and a growing database of profiles of famous Japanese people.
Terms of Use
The contents of Japan Zone are published for information purposes only. Visitors to the site may download and copy the material for personal, non-commercial use, without the right to resell, redistribute (that includes publishing on a personal web site) or create derivative works therefrom. No part of Japan Zone may be reproduced without the written permission of the publisher and copyright owner.
Every attempt is made to ensure that the information on Japan Zone is as accurate as possible. However, some inaccuracies may exist. Use of Japan Zone is at the user's sole risk.
Privacy
If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by email at webmaster@japan-zone.com.
At Japan Zone, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information is received and collected by Japan Zone and how it is used.
Log Files
Like many other Web sites, Japan Zone makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Japan Zone uses cookies to store information about visitors preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the users access or visit, customize Web page content based on visitors browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.
DoubleClick DART Cookie
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on Japan Zone.
Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to Japan Zone and other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL - http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include Google Adsense.
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to send the advertisements and links that appear on Japan Zone directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see.
Japan Zone has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. Japan Zone's privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers' respective websites.
For Japan Store Customers
Partners
Orders made for products shipped directly from Japan are processed through PayPal.com (hereafter referred to as "PayPal"), the most popular online payment system in the world, with over 40 million users. Any credit card and address information that you submit is encrypted using the highest levels of SSL ("Secure Socket Layer") encryption, the Internet standard for information security. If you experience any difficulties with this or any other third party sites on Japan Zone, please inform us.
Returns Policy
Please refer to the Japan Store Shipping and Returns page.
For Japan Store Affiliates
Affiliate Terms and Rules
Affiliates who wish to include their products in the Japan Store must agree to some basic guidelines before they can be included. We will not include any pornographic materials, or promote any other sites advocating violence, degradation, or prejudice towards others, for any reason. We have the right to refuse to deal with anyone, at our judgement, for whatever reason. In the event of reports of excessive consumer negative feedback about an affiliate, we will cease to advertise their products.
The terms and conditions summarized below apply to any and all products advertised through Japan Store.
All content, including text, logos, buttons and images in Japan Store is the property of Japan Zone and its content suppliers.
All rights protected by Domestic and International Laws.
Reproduction, conveyance, distribution, display, republication of any content without strict consent from Japan Zone is prohibited.
We are not responsible for and will not participate in any service, ordering, warranty, and shipping disputes other than those processed through PayPal.
We are not responsible for any products ordered from our affiliate listings, including but not limited to warranties, service, ordering, damages, shipping, and false advertising.
We do not supervise any of our affiliate listings' products, services, or marketing activities.
Japan Zone is not responsible for any illegal distributions of unlawfully copied properties or other illegal actions undertaken by our affiliates.
You agree to indemnify and hold Japan Zone, its partners, agents, affiliates and content partners free of responsibility from any dispute that may arise from a breach of terms of this agreement. You agree to hold Japan Zone free of responsibility from any claims and expenses, including reasonable attorney's fees and court costs related to any member's violation of this agreement including the terms of service or any content placed on the features by you.
Support Japan Zone
JZ on Pinterest
Visit Japan Zone's profile on Pinterest.
JZ on Facebook
Japan Zone