http://www.brits.co.uk/terms-and-conditions
Terms & conditions
TicketsVenueWebsite TICKETS1. These terms and conditions (“Conditions”) and the terms and conditions of The O2, London (the “Venue Conditions”) apply to any and all BRIT Awards 2020 tickets (“Tickets”) to The BRIT Awards 2020 (the “Event”).2. Any person or entity who purchases, holds or uses a Ticket (“Ticket Holder”) acknowledges and agrees that he or she is subject to the Conditions and to the Venue Conditions.3. In the event of a breach of the Conditions and/or the Venue Conditions by a Ticket Holder, BAL or its agents may at their sole discretion: (a) cancel the Ticket; (b) render and declare the Ticket void; (c) refuse the Ticket Holder admission to the Event; (d) remove the Ticket Holder from the Event; and/or (e) prevent the Ticket Holder from acquiring further Tickets and/or restrict the Ticket Holder’s opportunity to acquire further Tickets.4. The Event is organised and Tickets are issued by BRIT Awards Limited, Riverside Building, County Hall, Westminster Bridge Road, London SE1 7JA (“BAL”). The Event is taking place at The O2 London, Peninsula Square, London SE10 0DX (“Venue”).5. All persons who wish to gain access to the Event must have a valid Ticket.6. No one under the age of 13 will be admitted to the Event. People between the ages of 13 and 17 years will only be admitted to the Event with an accompanying adult. For the purposes of the Conditions, an adult is a person aged 18 years and over.7. Once you (and your guests, if any) have received/collected your Tickets you may also be given a wristband and/or security pass.  You will be required to present your ticket and wristband/security pass device (if applicable) upon your arrival at the Event.  If you are unable to present both your ticket and your wristband/security pass device, you will not be admitted to the Event. 8. By being present at the Event you consent to being filmed and/or recorded. You also agree not to assert any moral (or similar) rights and give all necessary consents under the Copyright Designs and Patents Act 1988 (as amended) and all other applicable legislation in respect of any film and/or recordings.  BAL is entitled to make full use of any film and/or recording in all current and future media worldwide without any liability or payment to you, including permitting others to do the same.9. If a Ticket is cancelled, declared void or if a Ticket Holder is refused admission or removed from the Event because of a breach of these Conditions or of the Venue Conditions, no money shall be refunded.10. BAL or its agents shall be entitled, but not obliged, to carry out identity and security checks (including photographic ID checks) upon presentation of the Ticket by a Ticket Holder at the Event. The Ticket Holder who purchased the Tickets (i.e. the credit card holder) must attend the event and accompany all of his/her guests at the same time. If any Ticket Holder is not on BAL’s list of intended attendees at the Event (as notified to BAL by the person (i.e. the credit card holder) that purchased that Ticket Holder’s Ticket at the time of purchase or prior to the Event), BAL and its agents may, at their sole discretion, declare that Ticket Holder’s Ticket void and BAL and its agents may refuse that Ticket Holder admission to the Event or remove that Ticket Holder from the Event.11. Neither the Ticket Holder nor any person associated with them (other than BAL or its agents) is entitled to assign, donate, transfer or otherwise dispose of the Ticket itself or any rights arising from the Ticket to any third party.  In particular, but without limitation, a Ticket Holder may not:(a) sell, resell, expose, offer or make available for sale, auction, donate or otherwise dispose of Ticket(s) in any manner or place whatsoever (physical or online), including, without limitation, via an online auction website and/or internet-based facility for the resale of tickets; and/or
(b) transfer or use a Ticket for:(i) advertising, sales or promotional purposes;(ii) premium give-aways, competitions, prize draws or sweepstakes; or(iii) hospitality or travel packages.12. In the event of a conflict between the Conditions and the Venue Conditions, the Conditions shall prevail.13. No briefcases, backpacks or large bags will be allowed at the Event.14. No photographic, audio recording or audio-visual recording equipment is allowed at the Event (other than in the case of a person or entity who holds an appropriate license from BAL). Mobile phones and tablet devices are permitted, but Ticket Holders are not permitted to use them to photograph, record and/or transmit the Event in any capacity. Copyright in any unauthorised photograph, (audio and/or audio-visual) recording and/or transmission of the Event (or any part of the Event) is assigned to BAL.15. Please ensure mobile phones, tablet devices, smart watches, pagers, alarms of any kind and any other electronic devices which may disturb and/or disrupt the Event are switched off during the performance.16. BAL/The O2 reserves the right to refuse admission to the Venue and/or the Event.17. Security searches will take place.18. Latecomers may not be admitted into the auditorium until a suitable break in the Event.19. Re-entry to The O2 will not be permitted without a Ticket and a wristband/security device.20. Artists’ appearances at the Event are subject to change. BAL/ The O2 are under no obligation to provide a Ticket Holder with notice of any such changes.21. Please note that strobe lighting, smoke effects and confetti cannons may be used during the Event. Ticket Holders with known medical conditions who may be susceptible to such effects are recommended to seek further advice.22. BAL accepts no responsibility for loss or damage to any person or any property (including without limitation, any loss of the Tickets).23. BAL shall have no liability whatsoever in relation to any competition, promotion or prize draw through which Tickets can be won.24. BAL reserves the right at any time to withdraw, cancel or void any Ticket issued to the Event.BRITs DIAMOND DINING & OFFICIAL AFTER SHOW PARTY: 25. For the avoidance of doubt, all of the above Conditions (with the exception of clauses 15, 18, 19) shall also apply to (i) the BRITs Diamond Dining (“Dining”) & Official BRITs After Show Party (“Party”) at the 02, Intercontinental Hotel (“Party Venue”) and (ii) all Ticket Holders that have Tickets authorising them to attend Dining, the Party & Party Venue.26. The Conditions shall be governed by English law, and are subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England. VENUETerms and Conditions of AdmissionPlease read these terms and conditions before visiting The O2, and make sure that you understand them. If you enter The O2, you will be taken to have understood and accepted these terms and conditions.If you have any questions about The O2 or these terms and conditions, please contact us on 020 8463 2000. If your query relates to these terms and conditions, please contact us before your visit.1 DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION1.1 In these Terms, certain words have specific meanings, as follows:“AEG” / “we” / “us” / “our”means any or all of the following companies: Ansco Arena Limited, Anschutz Sports Holdings Limited, Ansco Music Club Limited, Ansco Management Limited, Ansco Piazza Management Limited and The Waterfront Limited Partnership.“Event”means a music concert, sporting event or other live event taking place at any Venue.“Organiser”means a person or entity organising an Event, which may be AEG or may be another person such as a promoter, producer, artist, sporting team or record label.“The O2” means the multipurpose entertainment destination located at, Peninsula Square, London SE10 0DX, including each of the Venues (as defined below);“Ticket”means a ticket, electronic ticket, wristband or any other device giving the bearer the right to attend an Event.“Ticket Agent”means a person authorised by the Organiser to sell Tickets on behalf of that Organiser.“Venue”means The O2 arena, the British Music Experience, The IndigO2 Music Club, Building Six, the areas known as the “Live Quarter” or “London Piazza”, and/or any other area within or around The O2 in which Events take place.“Venue Terms”means these terms and conditions.“you” / “your”means any person seeking admission to The O2 or any Venue to attend an Event.2 HOW THESE TERMS WORK2.1 AEG operates The O2 and the Venues, and AEG’s authorised Ticket Agent is AXS.com (www.AXS.com).2.2 Your admission to and conduct at The O2, all Venues and at all Events is governed by these Venue Terms. By purchasing Tickets and/or entering or attempting to enter the Venue, you will be taken to have accepted these Venue Terms.2.3 Some Organisers and/or Ticket Agents may have their own terms and conditions, which may apply to you when using your Tickets and attending an Event, in addition to these Venue Terms. If there is any inconsistency between these Venue Terms and the terms specified by Organisers and/or Ticket Agents, these Venue Terms will apply in priority to the others.3 AMENDMENTS TO THESE TERMS3.1 These Venue Terms may be amended from time to time, to reflect changes in the rules of admission, changes in health and safety and/or security procedures, changes to the arrangements in place between AEG and relevant Ticket Agents, and/or changes in relevant laws and regulatory requirements.3.2 Each visit to The O2 (including each Venue) will be subject to the Venue Terms in force at the time of the visit. It is your responsibility to check the Venue Terms before entering The O2, so that you are aware of any changes.4 YOUR TICKET4.1 Your Ticket may be in the form of paper, mobile/bar code, email, wristband or chip technology or such other form that becomes available over time. Tickets cannot be cancelled or exchanged after purchase, other than in accordance with these Venue Terms and the terms of the Ticket Agent from which they are purchased.4.2 Only persons holding a valid Ticket will be admitted to Events at The O2. You must keep your Ticket with you at all times during an Event.4.3 Keep your Tickets safe. Your Ticket may be invalidated if any part of it is removed, altered or defaced. Removing the Ticket stub of a physical Ticket will invalidate the Ticket. Tickets cannot be duplicated if lost or stolen and neither AEG nor any Organiser will be liable for any lost or stolen Tickets.4.4 Ownership or possession of a Ticket does not confer any rights (by implication or otherwise) on you to use, alter, copy or otherwise deal with any of the symbols, trademarks, logos and/or intellectual property appearing on the Ticket or used in connection with the Event. Tickets may not be used for promotions, competitions, sweepstakes or for other commercial purposes without the prior written consent of AEG and the Organiser.4.5 For Events with seated and standing arrangements, each Ticket provides you with a licence to occupy a seat or to stand in an area (as applicable) of a value corresponding to that stated on your Ticket. We reserve the right to provide alternative seats to those specified on the Ticket where it is not possible to allow you to occupy the specific seat printed on your Ticket. In these circumstances, we will use reasonable endeavours to provide you with a seat of equal value to that which you purchased and where we are unable to do so we will reimburse to you the difference in value of the seat we are able to provide and the value of the seat printed on your Ticket and we shall have no further liability to you as a result of the change in seats.5 TICKET RESALE5.1 Our authorised Ticket Agent is AXS (www.AXS.com). In addition, the Organiser may have appointed its own authorised Ticket Agent(s) for the Event. If you are unsure as to whether or not a person offering Tickets for sale is an authorised ticket agent, please contact us on 020 8463 2000. Please be aware that auction sites are not authorised ticket agents.5.2 Tickets are sold by Ticket Agents on the basis that they are not transferable and must not be exchanged or resold.5.3 Resale, or attempted resale or purchase of a Ticket other than via an authorised Ticket Agent or ticketing partner of the relevant Venue or the Organiser are grounds for seizure or cancellation of such Ticket without refund or other compensation.5.4 The number of Tickets purchased may be subject to a maximum, which will be notified to you by the Ticket Agent before you make your booking. We reserve the right to request the cancellation by the Ticket Agent of any Tickets we have reasonable cause to believe to have been bought in excess of this maximum number or otherwise in breach of these Venue Terms. Unless notified to you otherwise during the Ticket booking process, the Ticket limit for Events at The O2 is 6 Tickets per person, credit card and household.5.5 Neither we nor any Organiser will be required to honour Tickets if we know or have reasonable grounds for believing that they have been purchased from unauthorised agents or other unauthorised sources including, without limitation, ticket touts, or duplicated. We will be entitled to refuse entry to any person holding such a Ticket, or to eject them from the Venue and/or the Event.6 AGE RESTRICTIONS AND YOUNG PERSONS6.1 All children must have a Ticket in order to attend an Event.6.2 For Events taking place at The O2 Arena and indigO2 and, where specified in the booking process, in relation to Events taking place at other parts of the Venue, (subject to any additional age restrictions that may apply to individual Events):(a) No-one under 13 will be allowed access to the Event.(b) Children between 13 and 17 must be accompanied by an adult aged 18 or over.Events may be age restricted and it is the responsibility of the person who purchases the Tickets to check that s/he and persons on whose behalf s/he purchases the Tickets comply with such age restrictions before purchasing the Tickets. If you attend an Event where age restrictions apply and/or if you are claiming a concession, you must be able to provide photographic proof of identity and age or entitlement, as appropriate (e.g. student pass). We reserve the right to refuse entry, without refund, to any person who is unable to provide such photographic proof.6.3 It is your responsibility to check the suitability of an Event for any children in your party regardless of official age restrictions, this includes considering the type of audience the Event is likely to attract and whether such an audience is a suitable environment for children in your party. Refunds will not be issued if any aspect of an Event, including the behaviour of other audience members, causes offence to you or any children on whose behalf you have purchased Tickets.6.4 We do not recommend subjecting children to loud music over a sustained period of time. Hearing protection is advised for Events taking place at The O2 arena and indigO2 and is advisable for any other Events where loud music is involved. A concert environment is not suitable for very young children.6.5 Except for shows specifically aimed at children, accompanying adults should be confident that children within their party will not cause disruption to other audience members. Any disruption may result in you and your children being removed from the Venue and The O2.7 ENTRY7.1 You must produce a valid Ticket to gain entry to The O2 arena and certain other Venues or areas within The O2 and upon request for inspection at any time in such areas. Failure to produce your Ticket when requested may result in you being required to leave The O2 or the relevant Venue.7.2 Searching is a condition of entry to protect your safety and that of other visitors. We may conduct security searches of clothing, bags and other items, as determined by us in our reasonable discretion, including on entry and exit.7.3 Prohibited ItemsWe reserve the right to prohibit within The O2 or individual Venues:(a) items which are or may be illegal. Anyone found in possession of illegal or contraband goods may also be liable for prosecution;(b) weapons, ammunition, explosives, horns, whistles, drums, fireworks, flagpoles, large umbrellas or any other item which in our reasonable opinion, may cause danger or disruption to any Event or to other visitors (regardless of whether or not such item is illegal or is carried for specific purposes);(c) items which artists performing at an Event or their management have asked us to prohibit or are otherwise prohibited pursuant to these Venue Terms.You are not permitted to bring food and beverages into any Venue except as set out in section 10 below.7.4 You are responsible for safeguarding your property when at The O2 and AEG will have no liability for property that is lost, stolen or damaged when at The O2. All items left with stewards before entry into the Venue are left at your own risk.7.5 Animals, with the exception of assistance dogs, are not permitted in The O2. Customers attending with assistance dogs are requested to contact The O2 in advance for further information.7.6 You may not be permitted into The O2 or any Venue, or may be ejected from it, and required to surrender any Tickets you hold, without refund, if you refuse to leave a Prohibited Item (see section 7.3) with our stewards or refuse to be searched or if, in our reasonable opinion, you or your behaviour or any item you are carrying:(a) poses a health and safety risk;(b) affects the enjoyment of other visitors;(c) affects the running of the Event;(d) may cause damage to or interfere with the property of AEG or the Organisers;(e) is in breach of these Venue Terms;(f) is illegal;(g) may lead to a breach of any licensing conditions applicable at the Venue; or(h) is in breach of any rules and regulations exhibited on notices at the Venue, such as:(i) entering any backstage or prohibited areas(ii) standing in seats or in walkways(iii) climbing on the building structure(iv) throwing any objects or substances onto the stage or into the crowd or at another visitor(v) smoking.7.7 Should you experience any problems while in The O2 please contact the nearest steward so that every reasonable effort can be made to resolve the issue prior to, or during the Event you are attending as complaints are very difficult to resolve after the Event.8 EVENTS8.1 There is no re-admission once you have left a Venue except in limited circumstances at our sole discretion. This does not include leaving The O2 arena bowl where the performance is taking place in order to purchase refreshments or use the washroom facilities within The O2 arena.8.2 In relation to seated Events, other members of the audience may stand up during the Event which may block your view if you choose to remain seated or if they are taller than you. Refunds and compensation will not be offered if your view is restricted in this way.8.3 Floor seating is not tiered and refunds or compensation will not be offered if your view is restricted as a result of the floor not being tiered.8.4 There will be no admission to the Event before the designated opening times.8.5 For some specific Events, and at the request of the artist, latecomers may not be admitted into the auditorium until a suitable break in the performance. If you expect that you will not be able to arrive at an Event on time please contact us on 020 8463 2000 before buying your Ticket as we will not refund Tickets if you miss all or part of an Event due to your late arrival.8.6 The use of cameras, video and/or sound recording equipment is prohibited and such items may not be used within individual Venues except with our express written consent.8.7 You are required to observe and comply with all rules and regulations shown on notices at The O2 and individual Venues and to comply with all instructions given to you by Venue stewards and staff at the Event.8.8 All advertised times are approximate and subject to change. It is your responsibility to make appropriate arrangements to ensure that you arrive at the Venue in sufficient time in case the Event starts early and to ensure that you are able to stay until the close of the Event should you wish to if it overruns. No refunds will be payable and we will not be responsible for the cost of alternative travel arrangements or for any other loss you suffer (including loss of enjoyment) as a result of an Event not running to the precise advertised times.8.9 CCTV and film cameras may be present at and around The O2, this includes filming by the police or security staff carried out for the security of visitors, and filming and/or photography by Event Organisers. By purchasing a Ticket to an Event and/or attending The O2 you give your express consent to all such filming and to your actual or simulated likeness being included within any film, photograph, audio and/or audiovisual recording (“Footage”), all rights in which will be owned by us, the Organiser or the relevant third party. You also agree that any such Footage may be used by us or the Organiser in any and all media for any purpose at any time throughout the world, including (with the exception of CCTV or security Footage) for commercial purposes, such as merchandising or DVDs, without payment or compensation to you.8.10 You must leave the Venue quietly in consideration for our neighbours. Any failure to do so may result in you being refused entry to, or permission to purchase Tickets to, future Events.9 HEALTH AND SAFETY9.1 In case of emergency please follow instructions and directions from stewards, staff and/or other officials.9.2 No smoking is permitted in any part of the Venue. Electronic cigarettes may be used only in designated parts of The O2 where indicated by signage.9.3 WARNING – prolonged exposure to loud noise may cause damage to your hearing. Flashing lights may be used during a performance.9.4 If you have any specific access requirements, please contact us on 020 8463 2000 before purchasing Tickets, to ensure that we can accommodate your requirements. Accessible seating may not be available unless it is arranged in advance.9.5 Please note that seats located on level 4 of The O2 arena are not recommended for those who have a fear of heights, or suffer from vertigo. Alternative seats will not be offered or made available to persons who purchase these Tickets.10 FOOD AND BEVERAGES10.1 No food or beverages may be brought into The O2 arena or indigO2 (except in limited circumstances on proven medical grounds) and may be restricted or limited in relation to Events taking place at other Venues at our discretion. A variety of food and beverages will be available for purchase within the Entertainment District of The O2 and within The O2 arena.10.2 Bottle tops will be removed from all bottles to be taken into The O2 arena, indigO2 and Building Six to reduce the risk of them becoming rolling trip hazards, or used as missiles. Occasionally, drinks will be decanted into plastic cups.10.3 When purchasing alcohol, if you appear to be under the age of 25, you may be asked for proof of age.10.4 We reserve the right to refuse to serve you alcohol if, in our reasonable opinion, we believe that you are intoxicated or likely to become intoxicated if we serve you further alcoholic beverages.11 MERCHANDISE11.1 Official merchandise is only available from outlets within The O2. Please be wary of unofficial traders offering inferior goods for which we accept no responsibility.11.2 You are not permitted to sell or offer for sale or distribute any items whilst at or in the environs of The O2 including, without limitation, merchandise, Tickets, food, beverages, cigarettes or smoking materials, newspapers or magazines.11.3 You must not bring into The O2 or display or distribute (whether for free or with a charge) at an Event any sponsorship, promotional or marketing materials nor any leaflets, signage or other materials containing religious or political messaging.12 CANCELLATION, POSTPONEMENT AND ALTERATIONS12.1 AEG or an Organiser may make alterations to Events which are not material in nature and no refunds will be available in respect of non-material alterations. A “material” change is a change to an Event which in the reasonable opinion of AEG or the Organiser, makes the Event materially different to the Event which purchasers of the Ticket could reasonably expect. Changes to performance times, supporting acts and the use of understudies in a theatre performance will not be a material change. A material change is judged by reference to the nature and billing of each Event. Events which are festivals or themed events are judged by reference to the overall theme rather than the individual act scheduled to appear. This includes Events which have multiple artists and/or where the Event name does not include reference to any specific act. In these cases, no scheduled acts may be considered as headline acts, regardless of their relative fame or prominence in the billing.12.2 In the event of a cancellation, postponement or material alteration of an Event you may be entitled to a refund in accordance with the terms and conditions or refund policy of the authorised Ticket Agent from whom you purchased your Ticket(s) and you must contact the Ticket Agent to request all refunds. No refunds will be issued directly to you by AEG or the Organiser of any Event and refunds for cash purchases made at the Venue Box Office will be available by cheque only. Ticket Agents may not make a refund if you fail to follows the instructions provided within the timeframes notified in their terms and conditions.12.3 It is your responsibility to check the website for the Venue, Event or Ticket Agent for news of any cancellation, postponement or alteration of the Event. Information on such matters will be made available on behalf of the Organiser as soon as reasonably practicable on the Venue website at www.theO2.co.uk and/or at the Venue. Customers are advised that the website cannot always be updated immediately and that circumstances giving rise to cancellation or alterations can sometimes arise immediately prior to an Event.13 LIABILITYTHIS SECTION IS IMPORTANT AS IT SETS OUT THE LIMITS OF OUR LIABILITY TO YOU. PLEASE READ IT CAREFULLY13.1 If we breach our obligations to you under these Venue Terms or we are negligent and, as a result, you suffer any loss or damage in connection with your presence at The O2, you may be entitled to claim that loss from us, but:(a) we will only be liable for your loss or damage up to an amount equal to the face value of the Ticket purchased by you for the Event you are attending (if any); and(b) we will not be liable to you for loss or expenses incurred in connection with your visit to The O2, any Event, or its cancellation, such as the cost of any personal travel, accommodation or hospitality arrangements made in connection with any Event.13.2 For the purposes of these Venue Terms, “Force Majeure” means any cause beyond AEG’s or the Organiser’s control, including, without limitation, any act of God, war, insurrection, riot, civil disturbances, acts of terrorism, fire, explosion, flood, national mourning, theft of essential equipment, malicious damage, strike, lock out, weather, national defence requirements or acts or regulations of national or local governments. Neither we nor the Organiser will be liable to you under these Venue Terms to the extent that the failure is cause by a Force Majeure event.13.3 Notwithstanding paragraphs 13.1 and 13.2 above, nothing in these terms shall be construed as excluding or restricting our liability for death and/or personal injury caused by our negligence nor for any other form of liability that may not by law be limited.14 GENERAL14.1 To the fullest extent permissible in law, we shall be entitled to assign any and all of our rights and obligations under these Venue Terms, provided that your rights are not adversely affected.14.2 If any provision of these Venue Terms is found to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the invalid or unenforceable provision shall be severed or amended in such a manner as to render the rest of the provision(s) and remainder of these Venue Terms valid and enforceable.14.3 If we delay or fail to enforce any of these Venue Terms it shall not mean that we have waived our right to do so.14.4 All of these Venue Terms are governed by English Law and any disputes arising under them are subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts.WEBSITEAccess to and use of any part or page of www.brits.co.uk, www.classicbrits.co.uk or the BRITs pages of www.bpi.co.uk, (each a “Website” and, together, the “Websites”) both within the UK and internationally is provided by BRIT Awards Limited (“BAL”) on the following terms: 1. By using a Website, you agree to be bound by these terms, which shall take effect immediately on your first use of that Website. If you do not agree to be bound by all of the following terms please do not access, use and/or contribute to a Website.2. BAL may change these terms from time to time and so you should check these terms regularly. Your continued use of a Website will be deemed acceptance of the updated or amended terms. If you do not agree to the changes, you should cease using the Websites. If there is any conflict between these terms and specific local terms appearing elsewhere on the Websites (including house rules) then the latter shall prevail.Use of the Websites3. You agree to use the Websites only for lawful purposes and in a way that does not infringe the rights of BAL or restrict or inhibit anyone else’s rights, use or enjoyment of the Websites. Prohibited behaviour includes harassing or causing distress or inconvenience to any person, transmitting obscene or offensive content or disrupting the normal flow of dialogue within the Websites.Intellectual Property4. All copyright, trade marks, design rights, patents and other intellectual property rights (registered and unregistered) in and on the Websites and all content (including all applications) located on the Websites shall remain vested in BAL or its licensors (which includes other users). You may not copy, reproduce, republish, disassemble, decompile, reverse engineer, download, post, broadcast, transmit, make available to the public, or otherwise use Website content in any way except for your own personal, non-commercial use. You also agree not to adapt, alter or create a derivative work from any Website content except for your own personal, non-commercial use. Any other use of Website content requires the prior written permission of BAL.5. The names, images and logos identifying BAL or third parties and their products and services are subject to copyright, design rights and trade marks of BAL and/or third parties. Nothing contained in these terms shall be construed as conferring any licence or right to use any trade mark, design right or copyright of BAL or any other third party.Contributions to BAL6. By sharing any contribution (including any text, photographs, graphics, video or audio) with BAL you agree to grant to BAL, free of charge, permission to use the material in any way it wants (including modifying and adapting it for operational and editorial reasons) for BRIT Awards services in any media worldwide (including on BAL’s Websites accessed by international users). In certain circumstances, BAL may also share your contribution with trusted third parties.7. Copyright in your contribution will remain with you and this permission is not exclusive, so you can continue to use the material in any way including allowing others to use it.8. In order that BAL can use your contribution, you confirm that your contribution is your own original work, is not defamatory and does not infringe any UK laws, that you have the right to give BAL permission to use it for the purposes specified above, and that you have the consent of anyone who is identifiable in your contribution.9. We normally show your name with your contribution, unless you request otherwise, but for operational reasons this is not always possible. BAL may need to contact you for administrative or verification purposes in relation to your contribution, or in relation to particular projects. For full details of when and how we may contact you please see BAL’s Privacy Policy and any local terms where applicable.10. Please do not endanger yourself or others, take any unnecessary risks or break any laws when creating content you may share with BAL.11. If you do not want to grant BAL the permission set out above on these terms, please do not submit or share your contribution to or with the Websites.12. If you have any questions about contributing content to BAL, please Contact Us at: britswebmaster@bpi.co.ukWebsite communities and other member pages13. In order to participate in and contribute to selected Website communities and/or other member pages, you may be required to register with a Website. Any personal information supplied to the Websites as part of this registration process and/or any other interaction with the Websites will be collected, stored and used in accordance with BAL’s Privacy Policy14. You agree to use Website communities (including message boards) in accordance with the following Community Rules as well as the rest of these terms and conditions. These apply across all Website community sites and services. You should, however, read the local house rules of the particular site or service you’re using, as there may be some local variations to these Community Rules.(I) About your postsContributions must be civil and tasteful.No disruptive, offensive or abusive behaviour: contributions must be constructive and polite, not mean-spirited or contributed with the intention of causing trouble.No unlawful or objectionable content: unlawful, harassing, defamatory, abusive, threatening, harmful, obscene, profane, sexually oriented, racially offensive or otherwise objectionable material is not acceptable.Be patient: users of all ages and abilities may be taking part in the relevant Website community.No spamming or off-topic material: we don’t allow the submission of the same or very similar contributions many times. Please don’t re-submit your contribution to more than one discussion, or contribute off-topic material in subject-specific areas.No advertising or promoting.No spoilers: material which contains information about the BRITs or other matters which haven’t been made available in the UK may be deleted.Contributions containing languages other than English may be removed unless allowed in the relevant local house rules.No impersonation.No inappropriate (e.g. vulgar, offensive etc) user names.URLs (web site addresses) can only be posted if allowed under any relevant local house rules.Deliberate misuse of the complaints facility is not permitted. If you persist in doing this, action may be taken against your account.(II) Your BRITs Account:If you use multiple logins for the purpose of disrupting a community or annoying other users you may have action taken against all of your accounts.All accounts must be registered with a valid personal email address that you access regularly so that moderation emails can be sent to you. Accounts registered with someone else’s email address, or with temporary email addresses may be closed without notice. We may require users to re-validate their account if we believe they have been using an invalid email address.BAL reserves the right to close accounts if any user is seen to be using proxy IPs (Internet Protocol addresses) in order to attempt to hide the use of multiple BRITs accounts, or if a non UK user pretends to be a UK user, or disrupts any of our services in any way.(III) Safety:We advise that you never reveal any personal information about yourself or anyone else (for example: telephone number, postal address, home address or email address or any other details that would allow you to be personally identified) in any BRITs community.(IV) Legal requirements:You may not submit or share any defamatory or illegal material of any nature in Website communities. This includes text, graphics, video, programs or audio.Contributing material to a Website community with the intention of committing or promoting an illegal act is strictly prohibited.You agree to submit to or share with Website communities only contributions which are your own original work. You must not violate, plagiarise, or infringe the rights of BAL or third parties including copyright, trade mark, trade secrets, privacy, publicity, personal or proprietary rights.(V) If you’re under 16:Please get a parent’s or guardian’s permission before taking part in any Website community.Never reveal any personal information about yourself or anyone else (for example, school, telephone number, home address or email address).(VI) If you breach these Community Rules:If you fail to abide by these Community Rules (and/or any variations in relevant local house rules) or any other term or condition of use when taking part in a Website community, you will be sent an email which informs you why your contribution has been refused or edited. This email will also include a warning that continuing to break the rules may result in action being taken against your account or accounts.This action may include any content posted by you being checked before allowed to go on the site or a temporary or permanent suspension of your ability to participate in any or all Website community areas.If you submit or share offensive or inappropriate content to or with any Website communities or anywhere else on the Websites or otherwise engage in any disruptive behaviour on the Websites, and BAL considers such behaviour to be serious and/or repeated, BAL may use whatever information that is available to it about you to stop any further such infringements. This may include informing relevant third parties such as your employer, school or email provider about the infringement(s). BAL reserves the right to delete any contribution, or take action against any BRITs account, at any time, for any reason.Disclaimers and Limitation of Liability15. The majority of content posted in Website communities is created by members of the public. The views expressed are theirs and unless specifically stated are not those of BAL. Neither BAL nor its group companies are responsible for any content posted by members of the public on the Websites or for the availability or content of any third party sites that are accessible through the Websites. Any links to third party websites from the Websites do not amount to any endorsement of that site by BAL or its group companies and any use of that site by you is at your own risk.16. Website content, including the information, names, images, pictures, logos and icons regarding or relating to BAL its products and services (or to third party products and services), is provided “AS IS” and on an “AS AVAILABLE” basis. To the extent permitted by law, BAL excludes all representations and warranties (whether express or implied by law), including the implied warranties of satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, compatibility, security and accuracy. BAL does not guarantee the timeliness, completeness or performance of the website or any of the content. While we try to ensure that all content provided by BAL is correct at the time of publication no responsibility is accepted by or on behalf of BAL for any errors, omissions or inaccurate content on the website.17. Nothing in these terms limits or excludes BAL’s liability for death or personal injury caused by its proven negligence. Subject to the previous sentence, BAL and/or shall not be liable for any of the following losses or damage (whether such damage or losses were foreseen, foreseeable, known or otherwise): (a) loss of data; (b) loss of revenue or anticipated profits; (c) loss of business; (d) loss of opportunity; (e) loss of goodwill or injury to reputation; (f) losses suffered by third parties; or (g) any indirect, consequential, special or exemplary damages arising from the use of the Websites regardless of the form of action.18. BAL does not warrant that functions available on the Websites will be uninterrupted or error free, that defects will be corrected, or that the Websites or the server that makes them available are free of viruses or bugs. You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to implement sufficient procedures and virus checks (including anti-virus and other security checks) to satisfy your particular requirements for the accuracy of data input and output.General19. If any of these terms are determined to be illegal, invalid or otherwise unenforceable by reason of the laws of any state or country in which these terms are intended to be effective, then to the extent and within the jurisdiction in which that term is illegal, invalid or unenforceable, it shall be severed and deleted from these terms and the remaining terms shall survive and continue to be binding and enforceable.20. The failure or delay of BAL to exercise or enforce any right in these terms does not waive BAL’s right to enforce that right.21. These terms shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of England and Wales which shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any disputes.