http://www.mo.gov/privacy-policy/
Quick Navigation
Skip to Main Content
Find a State Agency
State Services
Open Data
Social Media
Alerts
Information for
Businesses
Jobseekers
Veterans
Individuals with Disabilities
Teens
College Students
Moving to Missouri
State Employees
Home & Family
Browse Home & Family
Driving & Vehicles
Taxes
Finance & Insurance
Family Services
Identification & Vital Records
Marriage & Divorce
Senior Services
Housing & Utilities
Consumer Protection
Renew your Missouri license plates, register your vehicle and reserve your personalized license plate.
File Taxes Electronically
E-filing is convenient, accurate and allows you to direct deposit your tax return.
Locate nearby community services such as hospitals, driver's license offices and more.
Child Support
Make and receive child support payments.
Popular Services
Find a driver's licensing office
Check tax return status
Become a foster parent
Consumer complaints
Insurance complaints
Sign up for the No Call List
Marriage, birth and death certificates
View more services...
Work
Browse Work
Job Seekers
Unemployment
Professional Registration & Licensing
Training & Certification
Workplace Issues
Injured Workers
Missouri Business Portal
New jobs are posted daily at jobs.mo.gov.
Jobs for Missouri Veterans
Services and Resources helping Missouri's military veterans find careers.
Grow your business in Missouri with a small business loan.
Professional Registration
Whether you're a nurse, accountant or social worker - renew your license.
Popular Services
File an unemployment claim
Check an unemployment claim
File for workers' compensation
Renew a professional license
Browse state job openings
Attend a job fair
View more services...
Government
Browse Government
Elections & Voting
Executive Branch
Legislative Branch
Judicial Branch
City & County Government
Federal Government
Transparency & Accountability
Missouri Data Portal
Learn about Missouri's state government, including executive, legislative and judicial branches.
Find a State Agency
Search for state departments, divisions, committees, boards and commissions.
Track how the State of Missouri spends your tax dollars in the Missouri Accountability Portal.
Missouri Statutes
Browse Missouri's state laws and learn about the legislative process.
Popular Services
Find your legislator
Track a bill
Find your polling place
Register to vote
Check voter registration
Track your tax dollars
Attend an open meeting
Employee Phone Directory
View more services...
Education
Browse Education
Early Childhood & Child Care
K-12
Colleges & Universities
Financial Aid for College
Adult Education
Libraries, Museums & more
Learn About Missouri
Colleges & Universities
Resources for college-bound students and their parents on residency requirements and the FAFSA.
Financial Aid for Colleges
Grants, scholarships, student loans and other programs for Missourians.
Libraries, Museums and More
Broaden your education and visit a museum, gallery or live theater near you.
Get Homework Help
Find answers to common homework questions like state symbols and history.
Popular Services
Find a public school
Find a college or university
Find financial aid for college
Licensed child care facilities
High school equivalency test
Search for education data
Apply for educator certification
View more services...
Health
Browse Health
Children's Health
Wellness & Prevention
Hospitals, Clinics & Health Insurance
Mental Health
Senior Health
Public Health
Women, Infants and Children
Women, Infants and Children (WIC) is a special supplemental nutrition program for pregnant women, new mothers, infants and children under 5.
Become an Organ Donor
MO HealthNet
MO HealthNet provides low-income and vulnerable citizens access to excellent health care in order to maximize their quality of life and independence.
Find a Flu Shot
Popular Services
Find a hospital or clinic
Child care facilities
WIC facilities
Local public health agencies
Nursing homes
Food stamps
View more services...
Safety
Browse Safety
Children, Elderly & People with Disabilities
Crime & Law Enforcement
Disasters
Household Safety
Using the Internet Safely
Transportation & Roads
Preparing for severe weather, tips to protect your family and more, get information on
how to be Storm Aware.
Plan & Prepare for Disasters
Be ready when disasters, like tornadoes or flooding, strike.
Stay safe while driving by reviewing these driving laws, safety guidelines and dangerous situations.
Check Road Conditions
Check for road closures due to severe weather and construction.
Popular Services
Pay a traffic violation
Food & drug recalls
Product recalls
Sign up for Amber Alerts
Report a missing person
Sex Offender Registry
Criminal background check
Find local law enforcement
View more services...
Outdoors
Browse Outdoors
Tourism & Recreation
Hunting & Fishing
Boating
Outdoor Kids!
Agriculture
Environmental Conservation
VisitMo.com
From shopping to sightseeing, there's something fun for you to do in Missouri.
Buy Hunting Permits Online
AgriMissouri
Popular Services
Find a state park
Start your state parks passport
Reserve a campsite
Hunting & fishing permits
Find local food
Shop at a farmers' market
Visit a winery
View more services...
Privacy Policy
You are here:Home » Privacy Policy
It’s important that you understand our privacy position. As a state government, the State of Missouri is a public governmental body subject to Chapter 610 of the Revised Statutes of Missouri, commonly known as the Sunshine Law. If an appropriate request is made to this office for information that is subject to disclosure by the Sunshine Law, the State of Missouri will be required to disclose the information requested, even if it may include your personally identifiable information.
There are various locations on the State of Missouri web sites where you may submit registration information. In order to complete your online transactions, we usually must collect information from you, including your e-mail address, your postal address, an identification number or social security number, or other pieces of personal information. Our online forms should indicate the information that is required and the information that is optional-you do not have to complete any “optional” fields on a form. For us to be able to complete your online transactions, however, you must supply the required information. If this is not acceptable to you, we will gladly accept the transaction in person or on paper, rather than online. Providing personal information on-line will always be your choice.
The personal information that you supply will not be sold to others.
Browsing
To ensure our system remains available to all visitors, our operating system tracks unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or that can otherwise cause damage.
While you browse the web site our operating system will automatically record the following information:
The name of the domain from which you accessed our web site. For example, if you are connecting from an America Online account, the fact that someone who visited this web site uses AOL as an Internet service provider will be known, but the individual e-mail address of the user will not be known.
The date and time any page on our site was accessed.
The address (also called the URL) of the web site from which any page on this site was linked. For example, if you clicked on a hyperlink on the Office of Administration web site to reach the State of Missouri web site, that fact is recorded. However, as discussed above, your identity remains unknown.
The type of browser being used, such as “Netscape Version X.X” or “Internet Explorer Version X.X”.
The type of operating system you use such as Macintosh, Unix, or Windows.
This tracking system does NOT record information about individuals. This information is used to monitor traffic and improve this site.
Security
For security purposes, the State of Missouri uses network monitoring software to identify unauthorized access to or tampering with our web site. The software will not collect any personal information. If unauthorized access to or tampering with this web site is detected, the information gathered by us will be furnished to the proper authorities.
E-mail
If you send us e-mail, the message will usually contain your return address. If you include personal information in your e-mail, we may use that information in responding to your request. E-mail is not necessarily secure or confidential. Send only the information that is necessary for us to answer your question or process your request.
Requests for Information
There are various locations on the State of Missouri web site where you may request that information, such as applications, be mailed to you. Should you make a request for information, the personally identifiable information you disclose as part of making that request is disclosed to staff at the Office of Administration so that your request may be fulfilled.
Cookies
The State of Missouri uses Google Analytics to provide additional information about how you use our site. Google will put persistent cookies on your browser to help us know how people use our site. These cookies collect anonymous traffic data; no personal information is kept via cookies. If you block cookies from Google, you can still view our content, but we will not be able to use information from your visit to improve our site. Learn more about Google Analytics cookies.
Links to Other Sites
Our site provides links to other web sites. The privacy policies described here do NOT apply to any external sites. Read the privacy policies of other sites you visit. Be informed. You are the person best qualified to protect your own privacy.
Notice of Change to Policy
We will post any changes in this privacy policy at least 30 days prior to the change taking effect unless ordered by a court to do so sooner.
For More Information
If you have any questions or comments about our privacy policy, contact the webmaster.
Switch to our mobile site