https://www.etprofessional.com/privacy-policy
Cookies
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you click accept my preferences we'll assume that you are happy to receive all cookies on our website. Visit our Cookie Policy and our Privacy Policy for more information about managing your cookies.
accept my preferences
Current preferences
necessary
Third Party Cookies
accept my preferences
This site is intended for healthcare professionals
×
Sign In
Email address:
Password:
Have you forgotten your password?
Don't have a https://www.etprofessional.com account?
create an account now
×
Confirm
Ok
Cancel
Privacy statement
This website is owned by Pavilion Publishing and Media Ltd. We are committed to protecting your privacy online, and we are registered as a 'data controller' with the Information Commissioner's Office (Registration Number Z8503469).
Your Personal Information
This website offers our users the option of registering with us to purchase products, post product reviews, and access membership content where applicable. We also offer visitors the opportunity to subscribe to emails and postal communication.
We undertake to treat any personal information (which means data from which you can be identified, including your name, address, email addresses and the like) that you provide to us or that we obtain from you, in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the provisions of the Data Protection Act of 1998, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (EU) 2016/679, and any amendment to them.
We may analyse the personal information supplied to understand the profile of our users, on an anonymous basis, in order to improve the services we offer. We will make every endeavour to ensure the security of the information you supply. We undertake not to use the personal information you supply to cross-reference with the usage you make of the website or the database.
We will only analyse search patterns and browsing patterns on an anonymous, aggregated basis. Users who register with us have a responsibility to ensure the security of their own username and password.
Users who have registered with us and/or requested email or postal communications can subsequently contact us to request the removal of their registration data from our databases. Pavilion Publishing & Media Ltd values your privacy and confidentiality.
Following a purchase via this website your details will be held electronically on the Pavilion database and utilised by us to keep you informed about Pavilion events, publications and services. In the event of the sale or transfer of any of the assets or business of Pavilion Publishing and Media Ltd to a third party, and notwithstanding any other provision of these terms and conditions, Pavilion Publishing and Media Ltd reserves the right to the transfer to such third party any information of whatever nature obtained from users.
List of Pavilion websites covered by this policy
www.pavpub.comwww.bjfm.co.ukwww.careknowledge.comwww.etprofessional.comwww.fire-magazine.comwww.gmjournal.co.ukwww.learningdisabilitytoday.co.ukwww.mentalhealthtoday.co.ukwww.modernenglishteacher.comwww.myetpedia.com
Cookie Policy
For more information about our cookie policy, please visit this page.