https://www.radioactive.fm/terms-and-conditions/
Listen Back
Active Live
Interviews
Political Views
Garden Shed
NZ Music Show
Top 11
Recharted
Hatched Track
s-ence
Programme
Programme
Shows
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
Friday
Saturday
Sunday
Charts
SRN Top 10
The Vault
Top 11
Guides
Activity Guide
Community Notices
Contact
Donate
To Advertise
Volunteer
Cart
Search
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions of Sale
Returns and Exchange Policy
Radioactive.fm does not accept returns except where the basis of the return is covered by the Consumers Guarantees Act or Fair Trading Act. So please check and then re-check your order before checking out items in the cart!
We make sure the descriptions on our products are as accurate and detailed as possible. Please choose carefully as we are unable to exchange products once the order has been processed and delivered, unless we have genuinely made a mistake in the product description or the request is covered by the Consumers Guarantees Act or Fair Trading Act.
If you think you have a case for a genuine exchange request then please contact us before sending your order back to us. Return postage is your responsibility unless the item is incorrect or faulty, in which case the we will refund the return postage.
In both cases Proof of purchase is required in order to get an exchange. Please note products returned to us for an exchange must be in a resalable condition with packaging intact and all labels etc returned within 14 days of receiving the item the or 28 days if the item is faulty. Return postage is your responsibility unless the item is incorrect or faulty, in which case the We will refund the return postage.
The items you return must be in their original condition save for your right to inspect the goods and try on the garments. It is your responsibility to ensure that you package the returned goods adequately so that it arrives back to us undamaged. If you have any further questions on returns, refunds or cancellations please contact the us.
Consumer Guarantees Act – Your Rights
Faulty good returns
If it should occur that a product you have purchased from Radioactive.fm is faulty, we are committed to meeting our obligations under the New Zealand Consumer Guarantees Act 1993 (CGA).
Consumer Guarantees Act 1993
The New Zealand Consumer Guarantees Act 1993, is legislation that outlines the guarantees and rights of both the seller and consumer for products and services sold.
Minor Fault
If a product sold by Radioactive.fm does not meet one of the guarantees detailed above or cannot be repaired within a reasonable period of time, we will either repair or replace the product with an identical product type. In the event a repair or replacement is not a viable option, or the repair cannot be carried out within a reasonable period of time, Radioactive.fm will refund you the original purchase price.
Major Fault
In the event a product cannot be repaired, due to the nature of the fault or the failure is of substantial character, you may choose either a replacement of an identical product type or a refund of the original product purchase price.
What we will do
When the product is initially returned, we may try to fix (troubleshoot) the problem, in consultation with the supplier, before sending it to an authorised repair agent for assessment.
We recognise that your personal information is confidential and we’re committed to protecting your privacy in accordance with the Privacy Act 1993. Our Privacy Policy can be found on our website at www.radioactive.fm/privacy-policy/
Contact Us
You can contact us by:
E-mail info@radioactive.fm
Mail – Level 1, NEC House, 4o Taranaki Street, Wellington,6011
PO BOX – PO Box 11-971, Wellington, New Zealand
Fair Trading Act 1986
The Fair Trading Act is designed to protect the customer being misled, either intentionally or unintentionally. This applies to all aspects of the promotion and sale of goods and services including: pricing; where the product was made; where the product is from; the meeting of New Zealand safety standards; availability of products in store and the sales techniques used. The Commerce Commission enforces the Fair Trading Act
Out of Stock and Backorders
While we do everything we can to make sure our stock levels are accurate at all times there may be occasions due to unforeseen circumstances where we are unable to fulfill your order or source a replacement product. If this should occur we will contact you and offer a full refund. Please note that we cannot offer a backorder or ‘rain check’ facility.
Errors and Omissions
While we endeavour to ensure that the price and description of goods or services are accurate, if there is an error in the process of listing a product or service on our website or a technical error in the processing of your order we reserved the right to refuse or cancel the order.
Our right to cancel orders applies to orders that have been accepted.
Address
Start
End
{title}
Event details
Start
{fc-start}
End
{fc-end}
Address
Venue
{venue}
Organizer
{organizer}
{description}
[TITLE]
[DATE] [TIME]
[DESCRIPTION]
dddd MMMM d, yyyy
title