https://www.showbusinessweekly.com/privacy-policy/
Our Story
Contact
Log In
Casting Calls
Free Access Now
Facebook
Privacy Policy — Show Business
THIS PRIVACY POLICY WAS UPDATED AND HAS AN EFFECTIVE DATE OF SEPTEMBER 1, 2016
Show Business values your interest in the performing arts community, both online and offline and assures you that your privacy is a priority to us. The Show Business website adheres to a strict policy for ensuring the privacy of your personally identifiable information (such as full name, address, e-mail address, telephone number and/or other identifiable information) and preserving the integrity of this online medium. Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page.
Browsing Our Site
When you visit our website, www.showbusinessweekly.com, our web server automatically recognizes only your domain name, IP address, what browser, operating system and screen size you are using. We use this information in aggregate form to analyze how traffic flows at showbusinessweekly.com, but no one can contact or identify you from this information.
Cookies & Pixel Tags
Show Business places an industry-standard “cookie” file on your computer to more accurately count the number of visitors and track activity on our websites. This cookie is totally anonymous and does not store any personal information about individual users. Cookies can also be used to store certain visitor preferences, like your favorite media player as well as remaining logged in as a Show Business member. In such cases, users have a choice of storing such information in a cookie or typing it each time they visit the site. These cookies are not used to track users. We may also use “pixel tags,” which are small graphic files that allow us and third parties to monitor the use of the website and collect Usage Data.
E-mail Communications:
Show Business regularly sends email Newsletters and membership correspondence to our registered members and visitors with information about performing arts discounts, offers and opportunities as well as Show Business programs, services or membership opportunities. In order to become a Show Business member and receive emails from Show Business.com, a user must follow a double opt-in process – after signing up for the list, a confirmation email will be sent to the user’s email address. Only after the user positively confirms his/her desire to receive emails will the user begin to receive Show Business emails. If you do not wish to receive any email from Show Business, you have a number of options:
At the bottom of each Show Business email is a link to unsubscribe from Show Business emails. Clicking on this link will unsubscribe you from the list.
Email the Show Business webmaster at info@showbusinessweekly.com
Call Show Business at 212-986-4100.
We will do our best to make your change in a timely manner.
Show Business never sells, exchanges or lends to third parties any email information you provide when subscribing to our E-mail communications. If you are asked to provide personal information such as address and phone number, it will be used only to contact you because you requested it. Any other request for personal information will not be used to contact or track you unless explicitly stated at the time the information is requested.
Comments/Bulletin Board Participation:
Show Business reserves the right to collect the e-mail addresses of those who post comments, messages to our bulletin board, information volunteered by the user, such as survey information and/or site registrations. The information we collect is to ensure compliance with bulletin board rules and occasionally to alert members and visitors to opt-in to our e-mail newsletter but is never shared with other organizations.
Security:
When you purchase a subscription on showbusinessweekly.com, the information you provide is encrypted using a Secure Socket Layer Certificate (SSL) and transferred using a secure protocol to Show Business where it is stored in a secure database. The SSL Certificate will provide 128-bit-encryption as long as users are running 128-bit enabled browsers. Show Business has aggressive security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our Site.
Children
Show Business does not knowingly collect personal information from any children under 13. If we discover that we have collected any personally-identifying information from a child under the age of 13, we will remove that information from our database as soon as possible. Any portion of Show Business.com intended for children under 13 will not request any personal information.
Age 13 -18:
Visitors between the ages of 13 and 18 must obtain permission from a parent or guardian before registering sending any personally-identifying information. Unless otherwise specified, you must be a least 18 years old in order to participate in any online contests.
Links:
Our website contains links to a wide variety of related websites, including some which may not follow the same privacy policies as Show Business. Show Business is not responsible for the privacy policies of those other sites or how they treat information about their users. Users who choose to follow links from Show Business.com should make themselves familiar with target sites’ privacy policies.
Changes to Privacy Policy
Show Business reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, modify, add or remove any portion of the Privacy Policy, in whole or in part, at any time. Changes in the Privacy Policy will be effective when posted. Your continued use of the Site and/or the services made available on or through the Site after any changes to the the privacy policy are posted will be considered acceptance of those changes.