http://www.shoutdrive.com/privacy
Toggle navigation
Listen Live
Watch
What's On
Mobile & Smart TV Apps
Your DJs
Photos
On Demand
Launch ShoutPlayer+ On Demand
(Recommended)
iTunes
Windows Media Player
Winamp
Other
Your information
The information you give us about yourself stays with us. We will never sell or share your information with partners or affiliates.
Email
Upon registering an account on our website, you will receive a "welcome email" and will automatically be subscribed to receive our ShoutDRIVE Weekly Update. You may unsubscribe from this weekly email by clicking the Unsubscribe link contained in any of our weekly emails.
You will, by default, receive an email notification when a fellow ShoutDRIVE.com member private messages you. You may turn this feature off at any time in your user control panel.
Our email notifications feature a simple "one click unsubcribe" in every email.
Location (City and/or State)
During registration, we ask you to provide your location (city and state) to us. This information is optional. If provided, we use it to show you upcoming Tour Dates nearby you, from artists you've added to your Favorite Tracks list. We do not share this information or use it for anything else.
Content
ShoutDRIVE's website is "community-based", meaning that our members create discussion threads and topics. Our moderation team does a great job at removing posts with offensive and illegal content, however, we cannot be held responsible for any illegal or otherwise offensive material found on our website.
Cookies
ShoutDRIVE uses cookies to gather statistics about your usage of our website. We will also use a cookie to keep you logged in, if you choose to register an account.
Partner websites and outgoing links
ShoutDRIVE will, on occasion, place links to third-party sponsors on our website. We may not be held responsible for any illegal or otherwise offensive content found on websites we link to, as we have no control over those websites.
Phone and text messaging rates
Our phone & text line is free to call and text message, however you are responsible for any fees your carrier might charge you per minute or per text message.
Contests and prizes
Occasionally ShoutDRIVE will hold contests, where you have a chance to win something for free. For tangible items, we will pay standard ground shipping to your United States or Canada address if you win. We are not able to ship internationally at this time.
For event ticket contests, ShoutDRIVE cannot be held responsible for any damages or unforseen circumstances out of our control which may occur before, during or after the event. This includes the possibility that you are not admitted to the event. ShoutDRIVE makes all reasonable efforts to ensure that passes are available and ready for pickup as promised.
ShoutDRIVE does not provide transportation to or from events.
Reserved rights
We reserve the right to block "stream rippers", and visitors who break our official forum rules. Otherwise, have a great day and enjoy ShoutDRIVE!
Agreement
By using our website and/or listening to our webcast, you agree to these guidelines.
Questions?
If you have questions or comments about our policies, please contact us.
Live
Working...
{{apiPadData.trackData.artist}}
{{apiPadData.trackData.title}}
Listen Live
Tweets by ShoutDRIVE
Front Page |
What's On |
Music News |
Your DJs |
Photos |
Mobile Apps
On Demand |
Privacy Policy/Terms of Use |
About ShoutDRIVE
© ShoutDRIVE.com