http://www.proloops.com/privacy-policy
ACCOUNT / LOGIN / YOUR CART
HOMEINFODOWNLOAD PACKSLOOPS ON DISKFEEDBACK
Privacy Policy
This is the web site of Proloops.com. Proloops is trading name of Edoru Ltd - Company No 5872238 Our office address is Edoru Ltd, Office 10A, Wellgate, Ossett, WF5 8NL, England. 01924 280661 We can be reached via e-mail here [ Contact Page] For each visitor to our web page, our web server automatically recognizes only the consumer's domain name, but not the e-mail address (where possible). We collect the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations. The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web page, used to notify consumers about updates to our web site, not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes. Edoru Ltd will not disclose customer information unless we have reason to believe that disclosing such information is necessary to identify, make contact with, or bring legal action against someone who may be causing harm or interfering with the rights or property of Edoru Ltd , our customers, or others, or where Edoru Ltd believes that the law requires such disclosure, or where we are required to do so by law. With respect to cookies: We use cookies to record session information, such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart, record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit, customize web page content based on visitors' browser type or other information that the visitor sends. If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address. With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies. Upon request we provide site visitors with access to all information [including proprietary information] that we maintain about them. Consumers can access this information by e-mail us at the above address. Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information. Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us e-mailing via the [ Contact Page ].With respect to security: We always use industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving consumer data exchanged with our site. If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact The DMA's Committee on Ethical Business Practices at mgoldberger@the-dma.org.
Mailing List Subscribe
For our latest news and special offers, enter your email address below to register on our mailing list
Customer Feedback
“The loops sound great and with (thousands) to choose from--Proloops is an exceptional value!”
Jack Donaldson Video Visions, Inc - USA
© Proloops 2001 - 2017 All rights Reserved. Site from Edoru