http://www.operamemphis.org/privacy
Close
Buy Tickets
Donate Now
Blog
Event Calendar
Email Signup
About Us
Misson & Values
Board of Trustees
Staff Directory
Handorf Company Artists
The McCleave Project
Privacy Policy
2020-21 Season
Sing2Me
COVID-19 Updates
Home
Get Involved
Volunteer
Audition
Employment & Internships
Camerata
Education and Outreach
Elementary Spring Tour
Holiday Caroling
Operatizer: A show just for you!
Summer Conservatory
Plan your Visit
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)
Opera Preludes: Pre-Show Talks
Ticketing Policies
Support
Donate Now
Ways to Give
Benefits at a Glance
Annual Report 2018-19
Rentals
Blog
Venue Rental
Production Rentals and Orchestra Parts
Season
BUY TICKETS
Support Us
More
Season
Privacy Policy
About Us
Misson & Values
Board of Trustees
Staff Directory
Handorf Company Artists
The McCleave Project
Privacy Policy
This website is maintained by the marketing department of Opera Memphis for the primary purpose of providing information about the Opera's performance schedule and to allow visitors to purchase subscriptions, single tickets, merchandise, and other events via secure transactions through the Internet.
Automatically Gathered Information
The web servers hosting our site collects some information about visitors to our site automatically. This information is used to help us better understand our visitors by compiling server statistics regarding how visitors are using our site.
The type of information gathered in this manner may include:
The length of time spent browsing the site
The domain name and/or ISP address used to visit the site (MSN, AOL, etc.)
The type of browser(s) being used to access the site (IE, Netscape, etc.)
The type of operating system(s) used (Windows 98, NT, MAC OS, etc.)
Please note: e-mail addresses are not automatically gathered.
Like most other websites, Opera Memphis' site deposits certain bits of information called "cookies" in a visitor's computer. Cookies are sent back only to the website that deposited them when a visitor returns to that site. Cookies can tell us how and when pages in a website are visited and by how many people. This technology does not collect personal, identifiable information; the information collected is in an aggregate, non-identifiable form. We hope to use the information we collect through this technology to improve our site and our patrons experience when using it.
We use Google Analytics, Google AdWords Conversion tracker, and other Google services that place cookies on a browser across the website. These cookies help us increase the website’s effectiveness for our visitors. These cookies are set and read by Google. To opt out of Google tracking, please visit this page.
We use AdWords remarketing to market our site across the web. We place a cookie on a browser, and then a third party (Google) reads these cookies and may serve an ad on a third party site. You may opt out of this ad serving on Google’s opt out page. If you are concerned about third party cookies served by networks, you should also visit the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
Information You Provide
1. E-mail Address
Visitors to our site may choose to join our e-mail list in order to receive news, special announcements, discount ticket offers, and other information from Opera Memphis via e-mail. Every e-mail sent by Opera Memphis includes a link the recipient may use to unsubscribe from our list.
An e-mail address is also requested as part of the online order form for ticket and merchandise purchases. From time to time, these will be added to our e-mail database. At that time, you will receive a confirmation e-mail regarding your order. To unsubscribe from our e-mail list please contact info@operamemphis.org, or follow the instructions at the bottom of the e-mail you receive from the Opera.
Opera Memphis does not share patron email addresses with outside organizations, unless it is in regards to an Opera Memphis event.
2. Financial Information
When ordering tickets or merchandise online from Opera Memphis' ticket portal, we will require you to fill out a secure online order form which may request information such as name, billing address, shipping address, day and evening phone numbers, e-mail address, credit card number, and expiration date. This information is used to process your transaction, and to contact you if there is a problem processing your order.
All demographic information (name, mailing address, e-mail address, etc.) relating to ticket purchases is entered and stored in the box office ticketing system. For reasons of security, credit card information is not stored on our Web server. We will retain order information for our records, but this information is never shared with third parties.
Opera Memphis will send a confirmation e-mail that allows visitors to keep track of their online orders.
3. Contact Us/Updating personal information
To help Opera Memphis maintain the accuracy of your personal information we ask that you notify us when you change your address, phone number, e-mail address or other personal information. Visitors may contact info@operamemphis.org to update their personal information or contact Patron Services at:
Opera Memphis
6745 Wolf River Parkway
Memphis, TN 38120
Main: 901.257.3100
Hours: M-F 10:00 a.m. – 5:00 p.m.
info@operamemphis.org
Please provide your old and new contact information so we can make the appropriate corrections.
Links To Other Web Sites
We may make content or services from other web sites available to you from links located on this site. These other web sites are not subject to this Privacy Policy. We recommend that you review the Privacy Policy at each such web site to determine how that site protects your privacy.
Terms Of Use
The information provided on this site is for general use by its audience, and all programs and artists are subject to change without notice. Information contained on this site is presented "as is" and may contain inaccuracies.
Copyright
This site is owned, operated, and maintained by Opera Memphis. Unless otherwise specified, all information and content of this site, including text, logos, graphics and site design, are the sole property of Opera Memphis.