https://www.designhistorysociety.org/legal/privacy
This website places cookies on your computer to improve your experience.
By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
For more details, see our cookie policy.
Close
Home
Conferences
Events
Awards
News
Blog
Publications
Membership
About
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how the Design History Society (DHS) uses and protects any
information that you give the Design History Society when you use this website. The DHS is
committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain
information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured
that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. The DHS may change this
policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to
ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 05/05/2015.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
Contact information including email address
Anonymous website analytics statistics
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service,
and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent
unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and
managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once
you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you
visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The
web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and
remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data
about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only
use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the
system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which
pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your
computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies,
but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may
prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used
these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other
website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information
which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy
statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the
website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following
ways:
Whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to
indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing
purposes
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have
your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to
send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting
if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data
Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information
held on you please write to:
The Design History Society
70 Cowcross Street
London
EC1M 6EJ
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please
write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any
information found to be incorrect.
© 2020 Design History Society
Design History Society
70 Cowcross StreetLondon EC1M 6EJ
Map
Terms & Conditions
Cookies
Privacy
Site by Ten4
Membership
The Design History Society is a registered charity (Charity
Number 1155117) and relies on the support of our members.
Join
Newsletter
Keep informed of all Society events and activities,
subscribe to our newsletter.
First Name:
Last Name:
Email address:
Submit
Join the conversation
Download the DHS Constitution of a Charitable Incorporated
Organisation