http://www.ukschooloffloristry.com/terms-conditions
UK School of Floristry
SCHOOL COURSES
ONLINE COURSES
RESOURCES
FLORAL SUPPLIES
FAQ
CONTACT
Back
BOOK A COURSE
VIEW COURSES
COURSE CALENDAR
PATHWAYS
Back
VIEW OUR ONLINE COURSES
VIEW OUR E-BOOKS
Back
SIGN UP TO THE RESOURCES
VIEW THE RESOURCES
Back
FAQ
COVID-19 POLICY
TERMS & CONDITIONSMINIMUM AGE REQUIREMENTYou must be at least eighteen years old at the time of booking.FEESAll fees stated are inclusive of VAT at the prevailing rate.METHODS OF PAYMENTFees can be paid online or by bank transfer (please contact us for account details). Please note we do not accept cash payments. VISASIf you do not hold a UK / EU / EEA passport, you may require a visa that allows you entry to the U.K. in order to take one of our courses. For more information, please see the UK Home Office website at http://www.gov.uk. It is your responsibility to determine how far in advance you need to apply for a visa if it is required, and to allow sufficient time to obtain a visa. If you are refused entry to the UK, you will not be eligible for a refund of course fees. If your visa is delayed, you will also not be eligible for a refund of course fees. At our discretion we will consider transferring you to another course at a later date. We require a copy of your passport and visa at least five working days in advance of course commencement. We will not allow you to join the course if you do not have the required documentation that allows you entry to the U.K.CANCELLATIONSIn standard trading times, if you must cancel a place on a course, our cancellation policy is as follows:A You may cancel your place on a course up to one month before the course start date. Under these circumstances you will be entitled to a full refund of course fees, less the required booking fee for the course purchased.B - If you wish to cancel within one month of the course start date on any course, you will not be entitled to a refund.C- We can not offer refunds for travel or accommodation costs that you may have incurred as a result of booking a UKSOF course.D - Cancellation requests must be made in writing to: hello@josephmassie.com. In standard trading times, if we must cancel a course, our cancellation policy is as follows:A
- Please note that courses have minimum attendance levels and may be cancelled if too few bookings are received. We reserve the right to amend or cancel courses.B -
If we cancel a course we shall endeavour to give you at least one week’s notice. You will have the option of transferring to another course or having a full refund of the fees, which we will return to you within three weeks.C - We will not be liable for any losses (including, but not limited to, travel and accommodation costs) arising as a consequence of any modification or cancellation of courses or timetabling constraints as set out above, beyond the cost of the course fee.If you cannot make your course due to illness, personal, or professional reasons? Our cancellation policy is as follows:Unfortunately you will not be entitled to a refund, extra tuition or to automatically transfer to another course. However, we will consider such action that we believe to be fair. Please note that if alternative options are offered to you, there may be an additional charges incurred.What is your policy with regards to the Covid-19 pandemic and course cancellations? Our cancellation policy is as follows:As we are not operating in standard trading conditions, if we cancel a course we shall endeavour to give you at least one week’s notice. You will have the option of transferring to another course, at our discretion, or a refund of the balance paid. The non-refundable booking fee paid cannot be refunded - however we will hold this as credit for use on a future course.PHOTOGRAPHY AND VIDEOPhotography of your own work is encouraged at our School, however you are not permitted to record videos during your time at our School. STUDENT CONDUCTStudents are expected to conduct themselves in a professional manner and to recognise that other students also require support and assistance. If a student becomes persistently disruptive, we reserve the right to issue an oral or written warning and, if this does not resolve the situation, we may, at our discretion, ask the student to leave the course. No refunds will be permitted in this instance.MATERIALS All tools, sundries and flowers are included in the course fees.HEALTH AND SAFETYStudents are expected to follow Health and Safety guidelines that are given at the start of each course.Students are asked to wear appropriate clothing and footwear during the course.Students who fail to comply with Health and Safety rules will be unable to participate in the course, and no refunds will be permitted in this instance.FORCE MAJEUREWe shall not be liable for any failure or delay in the performance, in whole or part, of any of our obligations arising from or attributable to acts, events, omissions or accidents beyond our reasonable control including, but not limited to, strikes, lock-outs or other industrial disputes (whether involving our workforce or the workforce of any other party), act of God, war, riot, civil commotion, terrorism, malicious damage, compliance with any law or governmental order, rule, regulation or direction, accident, breakdown of plant or machinery or heating, lighting, air conditioning or telecommunications equipment, fire, flood, storm, pandemics, epidemics or other outbreaks of disease or infection, or failure in the external supply of electricity, water or telecommunications (including internet) connections.APPLICABLE LAWThese Terms and Conditions shall be read and construed in accordance with English law and any dispute between us will be dealt with by the English Courts.This website is operated by Kingsway Cultivated Limited. We are registered in England and Wales under company number 11398085.Throughout the site, the terms “we”, “us” and “our” refer to Kingsway Cultivated Limited. We offer this website, including all information, tools and services available from this site to you, the user, conditional upon your acceptance of all terms, conditions, policies and notices stated here.By visiting our site and/ or purchasing something from us, you engage in our “Service” and agree to be bound by our Terms of Service. The Terms and Conditions apply to all users of the site, including without limitation users who are browsers, vendors, customers, merchants, and/ or contributors of content.We can be contacted regarding these terms at hello@josephmassie.comWe reserve the right at any time to modify or discontinue the website (or any part or content thereof) without notice at any time.We shall not be liable to you or to any third-party for any modification, price change, suspension or discontinuance of the website.In using our website you agree to act in accordance with the law and accept and abide by all of our Terms and Conditions and Terms of Service. You may not alter, amend, impair or interfere with our website in any way. If you default negligently in any obligations set out in these Terms of Service, you shall be liable for all losses and damages that this may cause to Kingsway Cultivated Limited.PERSONAL INFORMATIONYour submission of personal information through the website is governed by our Privacy Policy : https://www.josephmassie.com/privacy-policy Our Cookie Policy maybe be found here: https://www.josephmassie.com/cookie-policy INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTSAll intellectual property rights regarding this website including, but not limited to, text, graphics, design, logos, photographs, images and all other materials are owned by Kingsway Cultivated Limited. No trademarks or content may be copied, reproduced, sold or used without our prior written consent. If we believe our intellectual property rights to have been breached you must at our direction return, delete or destroy any copies of the materials you have duplicated.PROHIBITED USESIn addition to other prohibitions as set forth in our Terms and Conditions and Terms of Service, you are prohibited from using our website or its content: (a) for any unlawful purpose; (b) to solicit others to perform or participate in any unlawful acts; (c) to violate any international, federal, provincial or state regulations, rules, laws, or local ordinances; (d) to infringe upon or violate our intellectual property rights or the intellectual property rights of others; (e) to harass, abuse, insult, harm, defame, slander, disparage, intimidate, or discriminate based on gender, sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity, race, age, national origin, or disability; (f) to submit false or misleading information; (g) to upload or transmit viruses or any other type of malicious code that will or may be used in any way that will affect the functionality or operation of the Service or of any related website, other websites, or the Internet; (h) to collect or track the personal information of others; (i) to spam, phish, pharm, pretext, spider, crawl, or scrape; (j) for any obscene or immoral purpose; or (k) to interfere with or circumvent the security features of our business or any related businesses, other websites, or the Internet. We reserve the right to terminate your use of our website or any related website for violating any of the prohibited uses.LAW AND JURISDICTIONThe contracts made through the purchasing of products through our website will be governed by English law. Any dispute that may arise from such contracts will be subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.