http://www.apexawards.com/privacy.htm
APEX AWARDSWRITINGCATALOGLINKSNEWSBLOGABOUTCONTACTSEARCH
Privacy, Security & eCommerce Policies
All of Concepts' privacy policies are based on one simple idea. If we don't want it done to us, we won't do it to you.
Concepts considers your telephone, fax and e-mail addresses confidential. They are never given, rented or sold to third parties.
Any personal information data that you provide to us on this site (and in any other way-by phone, mail, fax or e-mail) is kept confidential. Your personal data is never given, rented or sold to third parties.
When you visit our site
Our server recognizes your domain name and the pages that you visit. We use this data only in an aggregate manner to draw conclusions about what our site visitors, subscribers and customers want. We may find, for example, that you want more information on editing and less on writing. Such data is very helpful to us in improving this site and the publications, products and services that you obtain from Concepts and Concept's APEX Awards.
We collect your email address when you send e-mail to us, so we can respond to your inquiries. We also collect information that you send to us on surveys, registration and order forms. We never ask for confidential, personal information, such as your financial or health status.
When you sign-up for our free e-mail newsletter
Our free e-mail newsletter, Writer's Web Watch, is emailed periodically to site visitors who choose to subscribe. Each time you receive an issue, it contains an easy unsubscribe option.
We don't give, rent or sell your email address to third parties.
When children visit our site
We do not market to children or solicit personal information about children at this site. While this site is intended for adult professionals, we don't believe anything on this site is harmful to children. Some of the site content may interest young adults who are considering careers in publishing, journalism or communications.
E-commerce policies
1. We provide products and services to our customers which reflect our APEX Awards and Concepts name, under which we do business.
2. We clearly display our Customer Service Phone Number on every page, and key staff contacts on the 'Contact Us' page on our website, www.ApexAwards.com.
3. Our return policies:
You may return any printed special reports for a full refund within 30 days of purchase.
Entries into the APEX Awards competitions are non-refundable.
If you win an award in APEX, orders for additional certificates are non-refundable. However, defective or incorrect certificates will be replaced at no charge.
4. Orders for printed materials are either mailed via first class mail or shipped via UPS or FedEx. We normally mail or ship orders within 30 days.
5. See our Privacy Policy above.
6. We conduct transactions in U.S. dollar-denominated funds, drawn on U.S. banks.
7. Prices for our products and services are always clearly stated wherever there is a product or service description on our website.
List rentals
Concepts sometimes allows other organizations to rent its (postal) mailing list to mail information on programs and services that might be of interest to professional communicators. Our list is managed by a highly reputable list management company, well known in its field. They screen all rental requests. In addition, Concepts reviews and approves each individual mailing to make sure that the material sent to you covers appropriate, professional topics. If, however, you would prefer not to receive such postal mailings, we will be happy to restrict them. Just let us know.
Credit card security
Via fax. Concepts fax machines are in our security-monitored, alarmed office facility in the immediate work area of the staff responsible for them. When you fax us a credit card order, it is only seen and handled by reliable, trustworthy Concepts staff with clearance to process such orders. Each order is checked by a Concepts management staffer.
Via the Web. Credit card transactions on our APEX Awards competition website take place in a secure online environment.
Online PaymentsAPEX ALERTSAPEX News
2021 APEX AWARDS
A note to our loyal customers --
APEX Awards is on Social Media.  Click on any of the icons below to follow us.
Results for last year's competition, APEX 2020, can be viewed here.
Best of luck in APEX 2021!
Ken Turtoro
Executive Editor
The APEX Awards
Communications Concepts, Inc.
Online Payments
APEX UPDATESTo reach us by regular mail, please address your correspondence to:
Communications Concepts, Inc.
6604 Richmond Road, #19
Williamsburg, VA  23188-7233
You may reach us by phone at  703-643-2200 or via email at info@ApexAwards.com.
See Frequently Asked Questions about APEX 2021.
To be notified of any APEX news or updates, just sign up to receive our free email newsletter, Writer's Web Watch.
• If you wish to recognize participating staff and vendors for previous APEX winning entries, you can order additional APEX Award certificates.
• Award winners may download the APEX logo to display on their websites and in their publications.
• APEX entrants automatically receive an email receipt upon payment for entries. However, if you need an additional receipt for your entries, just complete the easy online receipt form.
APEX BLOGClick to access our WordPress Blog!
The judges comment on the APEX® Awards, as well as writing, editing, publishing and media topics.WINNING IDEAS FROM APEX
See top award-winning APEX entries below.SUMMER ART IN CHINA2011 Summer Art in China --
Zhiyuan Cong, Thomas G. Uhlein, William Paterson University,
Wayne, NJ ...
"Striking photo spreads and a compelling narrative with storytelling reminiscent of Marco Polo make this an exceptional guide to -- and a record of -- one group's journey of exploration and discovery."   Privacy, Security & eCommerce Policies
Terms of Use
Credits
© Copyright 2021 Communications Concepts, Inc. - All Rights Reserved.