https://www.pembrokeshirecoast.wales/planning/planning-policy/local-development-plan-2/delivery-agreement/
Jump to Main content
Highlight Links
High contrast Mode
Readable Fonts
Greyscale Mode
Invert Mode
XClose this tab
Search for:
Search
The Delivery Agreement is a public statement that contains a timetable for preparing a revision of a Local Development Plan setting out how and when stakeholders and the community can contribute. The Authority has provided an opportunity to comment on the draft Delivery Agreement. The Delivery Agreement was approved by Welsh Government on 25 July 2016.
Delivery Agreement
Full list of Other Consultees
Report of Consultations on Delivery Agreement
Easy Read Version of the Delivery Agreement
Covid Temporary Edit July 20 Delivery Agreement Agreed WG July 2016 Eng
For further information, please contact the Park Direction Service at Pembrokeshire Coast National Park Authority, Llanion Park, Pembroke Dock, Pembrokeshire. SA72 6DY, call 01646 624800 or email devplans@pembrokeshirecoast.org.uk.
Discover more about Local Development Plan 2
Supplementary Planning Guidance (LDP2)
Read more
Sustainability Appraisal Scoping Report
The Sustainability Appraisal Scoping Report sets out the sustainability appraisal issues and objectives/criteria against which the Replacement Local D...
Read more
Preparation Stages
These are the stages in preparing a replacement Local Development Plan.
Read more
LDP Review Report
The Review Report sets out where changes are required, what needs to change and why, based on evidence.
Read more
Community Council Workshops
Community and Town Councils can provide a central source of information for their local communities, help to raise awareness of the LDP process and ar...
Read more
Background papers
These Background Papers will be updated and added to throughout the preparation of the Plan.
Read more
Appraisal Processes
Environmental, Social and Economic Appraisals for Local Development Plan 2
Read more
Get In Touch
Contact us and register your details to get the latest updates on what's happening in the Pembrokeshire Coast National Park.
Contact Us
Cookie Policy
To help us make this website better, the cookie settings are set to ‘allow all cookies’. If you continue without changing these settings, you consent to this – for more information and to change this at any time, see our cookie policy and privacy policy.
I understand
View Basket
Checkout
Continue Shopping