http://www.tonyawards.com/privacy-policy/
The American Theatre Wing’s Tony Awards® Presented By:
Presented By:
Privacy Policy and Legal Notice
This statement discloses the privacy practices for the official site of the American Theatre Wing's Tony Awards® ("the Site"). Tony Award Productions (TAP) created this Privacy Policy and Legal Notice in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site: Tony Awards (www.tonyawards.com) (the "site"). All references to "we" or "us" in this Privacy Policy and Legal Notice refer to TAP.
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING TONYAWARDS.COM. By using TonyAwards.com, you signify your agreement to this privacy policy and our terms of use. If you do not agree to this privacy policy and the terms of use, you may not use TonyAwards.com.
Information Collected and How We Use It
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is also used to gather broad demographic information, such as country of origin.Our site also may use unique identifiers to confirm data, such as your geographical location and we use such data in the aggregate to run internal analyses to improve upon your user experience.Through surveys and newsletter registration, our site may request users to give us contact, demographic, and/or general financial information (such as their name, locale, gender, age, phone number and email address). The demographic information is used to enhance user experience so we can be more content specific. The contact information is used to notify users of new content, for surveys and newsletters, via email and/or text message. Users may opt-out of receiving future email mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. Opt out instructions for mobile are provided within the first text message.In addition, we may employ outside agents, meaning other companies or individuals to perform functions on our behalf, such as sending postal mail and e-mail, conducting sweepstakes and other promotional activities, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments and providing customer service. These agents have access to personal information needed to perform their functions. Other than such outside agents, suppliers and vendors, we keep all of your personal information private and will not share it with any third party, unless you have authorized us to or we are legally required to do so. We may also release personal information when we believe, in good faith, that such release is reasonably necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of TAP, our partners, our users, or others.ContestsWe may run contests on this site in which we ask visitors for contact information (such as their name and email address) and demographic information (such as their zip code, age, and/or income level). The user's contact information is used to contact the visitor when necessary, such as if they win a contest or to notify users of upcoming contests. There are three primary types of contests: (1.) We host solely and all information that is collected is used only by us (subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy and Legal Notice). (2.) We may share address information with third parties for shipping purposes. (3.) In some rare instances, a third party may host the contest and all information is then shared with us and that third party. In our contest registration, we give our users the opportunity to sign up for the website newsletter. However, users may opt-out of receiving future mailings by selecting the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of the newsletter.
CookiesOther information may be sent to your computer in the form of an Internet "cookie" to allow the Site's server to better serve files to you by tailoring information. The cookie is stored on your hard drive. The Site's server may request that your computer return a cookie to it. These return cookies do not contain any information supplied by you or any personally identifiable information about you.
Site Directed at Adult MarketThis website's products and services are directed at an adult market, and therefore this site is intended for use by adults only. This website encourages parents to take an active role in their children's use of the Internet, and to inform them of the dangers of providing information about themselves over the Internet. Children of any age should always ask a parent for permission before sending personal information to anyone online. No information should be submitted to or posted on this Web site by users under 13 years of age without the consent of their parent or guardian.
Users that this website knows to be under the age of 13 are hereby required to provide the e-mail address of their parent or guardian to the Administrator (privacy@TonyAwards.com) so that this website may alert the parent or guardian of their child's use of this Website. The parent or guardian must consent to this website's collection of their child's personal information. A known child user will be restricted from providing personal information until such consent is received. No information collected from users known to be under age 13 will be used for any marketing or promotional purposes outside this website. If this website collects personally identifiable information from children, it will do so in compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (U.S.C. 6501 et seq.).
Links to Other SitesThis site contains links to other sites. This site is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other web sites.
Security
This site has commercially reasonable security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us and our partners at the point where we request information about the visitor.
This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service.
1. Users can send email to: privacy@TonyAwards.com
2. Users can send mail to the following postal address: Tony Award Productions, 729 Seventh Avenue, Fifth Floor, New York, NY 10019
3. Users can call the following telephone number: (212) 764-1122.
Use of Third Party Ad Networks
We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads on our behalf. These companies may employ cookies and action tags (also known as single pixel gifs or web beacons) to measure advertising effectiveness. Any information that these third parties collect via cookies and action tags is anonymous.
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided. 1. Users can send email to: privacy@TonyAwards.com
2. Users can send mail to the following postal address: Tony Award Productions, 729 Seventh Avenue, Fifth Floor, New York, NY 10019
3. Users can call the following telephone number: (212) 764-1122.
Copyright Notice
All text, images, graphics, sounds and software code ("Content") on this site are copyrighted property of TAP, its clients, contributors and its programmers unless otherwise noted. They may only be used for the personal education of site visitors. They may not be placed in the public domain. You may not reproduce, redistribute, publish or otherwise use by electronic or any other means any of the Content without our prior written consent.
Trademarks
"Tony Awards" and other trademarks, service marks, brands, product names, designs and logos related to "Tony Awards" and indicated on our site are owned, controlled or licensed by TAP or our partners. They may not be used or displayed without the prior written consent of TAP or its partners. All other trademarks, service marks, brands, product names, designs, company names and logos appearing on the site are the property of their respective owners.
Applicable Law
These terms will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard to any principles of conflicts of law. You agree that any action at law or in equity that arises out of or relates to any use of this site will be filed only in the state or federal courts located in New York County, and you hereby consent and submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purposes of litigating any such action.
Your Acceptance of These Terms
By visiting this site, you consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy and Legal Notice and to the collection and use of this information by us. We will always fully disclose our privacy policies, and we will promptly post any changes to our policy on this page.
You agree that Tony Award Productions may retain and use your personal information as described in this policy until you inform us that you do not agree with this Privacy Policy and Legal Notice and agree that you will not use this site for a reasonable period of time thereafter. By using this site after we post any changes to this Privacy Policy and Legal Notice, you agree to accept those changes. If you choose to visit this site, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy and Legal Notice.
Contacting the Website
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy and Legal Notice, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Website, you can send an email to privacy@TonyAwards.com.