https://www.fernmichaels.com/privacy-policy/
Fern Michaels® – Privacy Statement
Personal Information: Your personal information will never be sold or given to any third party. Any information submitted by you to fernmichaels.com will be used solely to allow us to contact you to keep you apprised of relevant information (new releases, contests, etc.) for Fern Michaels®. Subscribers may opt-out of receiving future newsletters by emailing: remove@fernmichaels.com from the address from which they subscribed with “Unsubscribe” in the subject or body of the message. On some contest entry forms you are given the option of adding your email address to the Fern Michaels® mailing list to receive information on new releases, book signings and contests by Fern Michaels®. If you opt-in to the mailing list, your information will be treated with the same degree of privacy. Your name and address will not be given or sold to any third party. Once subscribed, you may opt-out of receiving the Fern Michaels® mailing list by emailing: remove@fernmichaels.com from the address from which you subscribed with “Unsubscribe” in the subject or body of the message. Spam: We do not use, nor do we condone the use of unsolicited bulk email. Please report any incidents of unsolicited email coming from or mentioning fernmichaels.com domain to abuse@fernmichaels.com for a prompt and personal reply. All matters will be investigated and dealt with promptly. fernmichaels.com nor any associated entities can be held responsible for any personal information you give to a third party in any of our public forums. Contacting the Web Site: If you have any questions about this statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with fernmichaels.com, contact: info@fernmichaels.com
Privacy Policy:
Fern Michaels (“Fern Michaels“) operates fernmichaels.com and may operate other websites. It is Fern Michaels’ policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Fern Michaels collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Fern Michaels’ purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Fern Michaels’ visitors use its website. From time to time, Fern Michaels may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Fern Michaels also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on fernmichaels.com blogs/sites. Fern Michaels only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Fern Michaels’ websites choose to interact with Fern Michaels in ways that require Fern Michaels to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Fern Michaels gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at fernmichaels.com to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Fern Michaels are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Fern Michaels collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Fern Michaels. Fern Michaels does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Fern Michaels may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. Fern Michaels may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Fern Michaels does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Fern Michaels discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Fern Michaels’ behalf or to provide services available at Fern Michaels’ websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Fern Michaels’ websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Fern Michaels will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Fern Michaels discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Fern Michaels believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Fern Michaels, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an Fern Michaels website and have supplied your email address, Fern Michaels may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with Fern Michaels and our products. If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Fern Michaels takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Fern Michaels uses cookies to help Fern Michaels identify and track visitors, their usage of Fern Michaels website, and their website access preferences. Fern Michaels visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Fern Michaels’ websites, with the drawback that certain features of Fern Michaels’ websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Fern Michaels, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Fern Michaels goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Fern Michaels may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Fern Michaels and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Fern Michaels may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Fern Michaels’ sole discretion. Fern Michaels encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a fernmichaels.com account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.