https://www.boxcarpress.com/privacy-and-security/
PRIVACY AND SECURITY POLICY
TERMS OF USE
This is an Agreement between you and Boxcar Press, Inc. (“Boxcar”) regarding your use of the Internet Web sites located at https://www.boxcarpress.com and http://www.letterpresscommons.com, as well as the associated Web pages, features and functions made available by Boxcar (individually and collectively, the “Boxcar Sites”).  These Terms of Use are effective as of October 1, 2012.
THE BOXCAR SITES
The Boxcar Sites are available to users in the general public age 13 years and older without registering and you may visit and browse the Boxcar Sites without charge or obligation; provided, however, we reserve the right in our sole discretion to make changes, limit or restrict any portion of the Boxcar Sites at any time and from time to time, without notice to you.  By using the Boxcar Sites: (i) you certify that you are at least 13 years of age or have a parent or guardian’s permission for your use of the boxcar sites and (ii) you understand, acknowledge and agree to be bound by these terms of use.  Your remedy for dissatisfaction with the Boxcar Sites, or any services, content or other information available on or through the Boxcar Sites, is to stop using the boxcar sites and/or those particular services or content.  Your agreement with us regarding compliance with these terms of use becomes effective immediately upon commencement of your use of the Boxcar Sites.
OWNERSHIP AND PROPRIETARY RIGHTS.
The Boxcar Sites, including all content, media and materials created and placed on the site by Boxcar, are the property of Boxcar and are legally protected, without limitation, under U.S. Federal and State, as well as applicable foreign laws, regulations and treaties.  User submissions intended for posting on the Boxcar Sites are done so under license to Boxcar and, where expressly indicated, subject to the BY-NC-SA Creative Commons License (http://creativecommons.org)   Boxcar authorizes you to access and use the Boxcar Sites strictly for communicating with Boxcar and the letterpress community.  All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
USE OF THE BOXCAR SITES
If you establish a user account with the Boxcar Sites, you must complete the registration process by providing us with current, complete and accurate information as prompted by the applicable registration form, including choosing a password and a user name.  You are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and account.  Furthermore, you are entirely responsible for any and all activities that occur under your account.  You agree to notify Boxcar immediately of any unauthorized use of your account or any other breach of security.  Boxcar will not be liable for any loss that you may incur as a result of someone else using your password, account, either with or without your knowledge.  However, you could be held liable for losses incurred by Boxcar or another party due to someone else using your account or password.  You may not use anyone else’s account at any time.  You may not authorize others to use your account, or sub-license, transfer, sell or assign your account to any third party.  Boxcar reserves the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders for services in its sole discretion.
You may not use the Boxcar Sites to transmit unsolicited email. You may send unsolicited email to the Boxcar Sites or to anyone whose email address includes the domain name used on the Boxcar Sites strictly for the purposes of communicating with Boxcar about its printing services or the letterpress community. You may not use our domain name as a pseudonymous return email address for any communications which you transmit from another location or through another service. You may not pretend to be someone else-or spoof their identity-when using the Boxcar Sites.
You agree that we have the right (but not the obligation) to investigate any complaint received. By reserving this right, we do not undertake any responsibility in fact to investigate complaints or to remove, disable or restrict access to or the availability of content on the Boxcar Sites. We support free speech on the Internet and therefore will not act on complaints that we believe, in our subjective judgment, to be deficient. If you believe that material that remains on this site that violates your rights, your sole remedy shall be against the person(s) responsible for posting or storing it, not against us.
SUBMISSION OF MATERIAL TO THE BOXCAR SITES
The Boxcar Sites contain certain areas where you may upload or submit information, data, databases, music, audio, video or audio-visual files, photographs, images, documents, text, digital files or other material (“Material”).  Your rights associated with such Material may vary depending on the nature of your submission, such as whether the Material is intended strictly for use by Boxcar in fulfilling an order or for posting on the Boxcar Sites for viewing by others.
You agree that Boxcar shall have a limited license to reproduce Material submitted via the Boxcar Sites for use in connection with fulfilling orders placed with Boxcar.  You represent and warrant that you are the owner of the copyrights in such Material, or have right to use the Material in the manner requested.  You represent and warrant that Boxcar’s use of the Material will not infringe the intellectual property rights of any third party and you hereby agree to indemnify and defend Boxcar against any and all claims that the use of the Material infringes any third party rights.
By submitting Material to be posted on the Boxcar Sites, such as in a user blog, you grant us an irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, royalty free worldwide license to reproduce, adapt, distribute, perform (either publicly or by digital audio transmission) or publicly display all or any portion of the Material on the Boxcar Sites.  You also agree that Material submitted to certain locations on Boxcar Sites will be identified as being governed by the BY-NC-SA Creative Commons License (http://creativecommons.org) and you agree that the BY-NC-SA Creative Commons License will govern Material submitted to those locations.
You agree that you will not post any Material which violates or infringes anyone’s intellectual property rights (including copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, patents, publicity rights or, to the extent protectable, confidential ideas) or which violates U.S. law or which is obscene, obscene as to minors, child pornography, defamatory, racist, lewd, lascivious, filthy, excessively violent, harassing, or otherwise objectionable.
You expressly agree that we may edit, remove, disable or restrict access to or the availability of any Material from this site (including, but not limited to, Material which you have posted or stored) which we believe, in good faith and in our sole discretion, to violate these TOU (regardless of whether we are in fact correct in our assessment) or which is the subject of a Notification duly sent to us pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act. If you believe that we have acted mistakenly with respect to certain Material, you may contact us in the manner described below, in which case we may investigate the matter further. We reserve the right, however, to take no further action. Posting or storing Material at this site is a privilege, not a right. Under no circumstances may we be held liable for removing, disabling or restricting access to or the availability of Material.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
We respect the intellectual property of others, and we ask you to do the same.  Accordingly, Boxcar has adopted the following Intellectual Property Compliance Policy.  If you or any user of the Boxcar Sites believes its copyright, trademark, or other property rights (“IP Rights”) have been infringed, the IP Rights owner (“Complaining Party”) should send notification to our Designated Agent (as identified below) immediately.  To be effective, the notification must include:
a. A physical or electronic signature of the Complaining Party or such person authorized to act on behalf of the Complaining Party;
b. Identification of the IP Rights claimed to have been infringed;
c. Information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact the Complaining Party or such person authorized to act on behalf of the Complaining Party, such as address, telephone number and, if available, an electronic mail address at which the Complaining Party may be contacted;
d. Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be subject to infringing activity on the Complaining Party’s IP Rights that is to be removed and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate such materials;
e. A statement that the Complaining Party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, agent, or by law; and
f. A statement that the information in the notification is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, the Complaining Party or such person authorized to act on behalf of the Complaining Party is the owner of an exclusive IP Right that is allegedly infringed.
Pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, 17 U.S.C. § 512(c) (“DMCA”), our Designated Agent for notice of claims of IP Rights infringement can be reached as indicated below.
Designated Agent for Claimed Infringement:
Contact Party
Boxcar Press, LLC
Fax: 315.473.0967
E-mail:info@boxcarpress.com
On notice, we will act expeditiously to review and if necessary to remove content on the Boxcar Sites that infringes the copyright rights of others and will disable the access to the Boxcar Sites and its services of anyone who uses them to repeatedly infringe the intellectual property rights of others.  Any such removal will be without liability to you or any other party and that the claims of the Complaining Party will be referred to the United States Copyright Office for adjudication as provided in the DMCA.  We take protection of copyrights, both our own and others, very seriously.
The brands, names, logos, trade names, trademarks, service marks and other distinctive identifications (collectively “Marks”) on or of the Boxcar Sites, including, without limitation, “Boxcar Press” are the intellectual property of and proprietary to Boxcar, its advertisers, suppliers and others with whom Boxcar may do business.  You have no right to use any of these Marks or any confusingly similar marks for any purpose without the express prior written consent of Boxcar.
HYPERLINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES
The appearance, availability, or your use of URLs or hyperlinks referenced or included anywhere on the Boxcar Sites or any other form of link or re-direction of your connection to, with or through the Boxcar Sites, does not constitute an endorsement by, or does it incur any obligation, responsibility or liability on the part of the Boxcar Sites, Boxcar or any of their affiliates, any of their successors and assigns, and any of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives, licensors, advertisers, suppliers, and operational service providers.  We do not verify, endorse, or have any responsibility for, any such third party sites, their business practices (including their privacy policies), or any goods or services associated with or obtained in connection with any such site in any manner.  If any third party site obtains or collects personally identifiable information from you, in no event shall we assume or have any responsibility or liability.  Please read our Privacy Policy below, which describes how Boxcar collects and uses your personally identifiable information.
DISCLAIMER AND LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY
IN ORDER TO PROVIDE YOU WITH THE BOXCAR WEBSITES, WE ARE UNABLE TO OFFER ANY WARRANTIES OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT ANY BENEFITS OR OPPORTUNITIES WHICH YOU MAY OBTAIN AT THIS SITE. WE HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. THIS WEB SITE IS MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU “AS IS,” WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES WHATSOEVER ABOUT THE NATURE, CONTENT OR ACCURACY (EITHER WHEN POSTED OR AS A RESULT OF THE PASSAGE OF TIME) OF ANY MATERIAL AT THE SITE, AND WITHOUT ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR GUARANTEES. IN ADDITION, WE MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES OR GUARANTEES THAT THIS WEB SITE WILL BE SECURE, ACCESSIBLE CONTINUOUSLY AND WITHOUT INTERRUPTION, OR ERROR FREE.
TO THE EXTENT THAT YOU MIGHT OTHERWISE BELIEVE THAT ANY WARRANTIES, GUARANTEES OR REPRESENTATIONS HAVE BEEN MADE TO YOU, YOU HEREBY AGREE THAT SUCH STATEMENTS, WHETHER MADE ORALLY OR IN WRITING, ARE TO BE CONSTRUED AS MERELY NON-BINDING EXPRESSIONS OF POLICY RATHER THAN AFFIRMATIVE REPRESENTATIONS, OBLIGATIONS, GUARANTEES OR WARRANTIES.
IN ORDER TO PROVIDE YOU WITH THE BOXCAR WEBSITES, WE ARE UNABLE TO ACCEPT LIABILITY FOR ANY CONDUCT, ACTS OR OMISSIONS OCCURRING AT THIS WEB SITE OR ANY LOSSES YOU MAY INCUR. IN NO EVENT WILL WE BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL OR SPECIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY LOST PROFITS, EVEN IF YOU CLAIM TO HAVE NOTIFIED US ABOUT SUCH DAMAGES, OR FOR ANY CLAIMS BY ANY THIRD-PARTIES.
MODIFICATION OF THESE TERMS OF USE
Boxcar reserves the right to change the terms, conditions, and notices under which the services are offered.  You are responsible for regularly reviewing these terms and conditions and additional terms posted on particular websites.  Your continued use of the Boxcar Sites constitutes your agreement to all such terms, conditions, and notices.
MISCELLANEOUS TERMS
Without limitation, this Agreement contains the entire understanding and agreement between you and Boxcar and supersedes any and all prior, inconsistent or other understandings relating to the Boxcar Sites and your use of the Boxcar Sites. This Agreement cannot be modified, changed or terminated, except as specifically described herein.
If any provision of this Agreement is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, this will not affect any other provisions herein and this Agreement will be deemed amended to the extent necessary to make it legal, valid and enforceable. Any provision which must survive in order to allow us to enforce its meaning shall survive termination of this Agreement; provided, however, no action arising out of this Agreement or your use of the Boxcar Sites, regardless of form or the basis of the claim, may be brought by you more than one year after the cause of action has arisen (or if multiple causes, from the date the first such cause arose).
This Agreement and your use of the Boxcar Sites shall be governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with the substantive laws of the State of New York.  You specifically agree and submit to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the applicable New York State and Federal Courts situated in New York and you agree you will not object to such jurisdiction or venue on the grounds of lack of personal jurisdiction, forum non conveniens or otherwise; provided, however, that notwithstanding the foregoing, you agree that Boxcar has the sole right and discretion to commence and prosecute an action against you in connection with this Agreement, in your home jurisdiction.  To the extent it may be applicable, you agree to opt out from and expressly exclude any applicability of the Uniform Computer Information Transactions Act.
IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING COMMENCED TO ENFORCE ANY RIGHT OR OBLIGATION OF THE PARTIES UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, YOUR USE OF THE BOXCAR SITES OR WITH RESPECT TO THE SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF, YOU HEREBY WAIVE ANY RIGHT YOU MAY NOW HAVE OR HEREAFTER POSSESS TO A TRIAL BY JURY.
A printed version of this Agreement and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to this Agreement to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form.
If you have any questions about this Policy, the practices of the Boxcar Sites, or your dealings with the Boxcar Sites, please send us a letter via facsimile or email to:
Boxcar Press, Inc.
Fax:  315.473.0967
Email: info@boxcarpress.com
Attn.: Website Terms of Use Issues
PRIVACY POLICY
Your privacy and the security of your information are very important to us.  This Privacy Policy governs the Internet Web sites located at https://www.boxcarpress.com and http://www.letterpresscommons.com, as well as the associated Web pages, features and functions made available by Boxcar (individually and collectively, the “Boxcar Sites”).  It explains how we collect your information, and the choices you have concerning the use and disclosure of such information.  Please read this Privacy Policy carefully.
This Privacy Policy applies only to information collected by the Boxcar Sites.  We are not responsible for the privacy of the information you reveal, allow access to or post in any public forum.
WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT
When you visit our Website or use any of the features on our Website, we capture your internet provider’s domain name, IP address and standard web log information, such as your browser type and the pages you accessed on the Boxcar Sites.  We may also collect information about your computer or other access device for fraud prevention purposes.
We also collect and store the information that you have chosen to provide in connection with registering a user account.  For example, if you establish a user account with the Boxcar Sites, we may collect and store the following personal information:
Contact information – your name, address, phone number, email address, and other similar information.
Other information from your interaction with our Website, services, content, and advertising.
We may also supplement the information we collect with information from other sources to assist us in providing and supporting the Boxcar Sites, such as for improving the Boxcar Sites and to determine your preferences so that we can tailor the Boxcar Sites to your needs.  Information obtained from other sources and compiled with your information by us is the sole property of Boxcar.
THE WAY WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
You agree that we may use your personal information:
in a manner that you have expressly agreed to, such as in your user account profile or privacy settings;
to resolve disputes and troubleshooting;
to prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities;
to enforce this Privacy Policy, the Terms of Use, and/or our other policies;
to customize, measure, and improve the services and the content and layout of the Boxcar Sites and applications;
to compare to other information for accuracy and for verification; and
to aggregate user information for statistical and analytical purposes.
Except as set forth in this Privacy Statement, we DO NOT share personal information with third parties.  We may disclose personal information to respond to legal requirements, enforce our policies, respond to claims that any other content violates the rights of others, or protect anyone’s rights, property, or safety in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.
SELLING OR RENTING PERSONAL INFORMATION
We do not sell or rent your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent.
USE OF COOKIES
The Boxcar Sites use “cookie” technology to make your visits more convenient for you.  When you access our Website, we track how the Boxcar Sites are used, and may place small data files called “cookies” on your computer and to personalize your experience.  A cookie is a small text file that contains a unique identification number stored on your computer.  Cookies by themselves cannot be used to find out the identity of any user. This unique identification number automatically identifies your browser – but not you – to our computers whenever you interact with our Website.  Only when you agree to provide personally identifiable information directly to our Website through our registration form will we be able to know anything about you other than the random number that our server computers originally assign to your browser.  If you prefer, you can configure your web browser to reject all cookies, or to notify you when a cookie is set.  However, rejecting all cookies may render you unable to use some features on our Website.
DATA SECURITY
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. However, third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions. Accordingly, while we work very hard to protect your privacy, we do not promise and you should not expect your personal information will always remain private.  It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer.  Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.
CONTENT YOU PROVIDE
The Boxcar Sites contain certain areas where you may upload or submit information, data, databases, music, audio, video or audio-visual files, photographs, images, documents, text, digital files or other material for posting on the Boxcar sites (“Material”).  You agree that your submission of any such Material is governed by the BY-NC-SA Creative Commons License (http://creativecommons.org). This section does not apply to content, such as press-ready design files, submitted to Boxcar via the Boxcar Sites strictly for use in connection with printing orders placed with Boxcar.
PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES
We reserve the right to change, modify, or amend this Privacy Policy at any time and will take reasonable steps to notify you of any material changes to the Privacy Policy when they occur.  If we decide to change this Privacy Statement, we may post those changes to this Privacy Statement, the Boxcar Sites, and/or other places we deem appropriate so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.  All changes to the Privacy Statement will be effective immediately upon posting.  If we change this Privacy Policy in such a way that your personal information may be used in a manner not described in the Privacy Policy at the time you provided it, we will give you the opportunity to opt out of having your information used in that manner.  You are responsible for reviewing the Privacy Statement on a regular basis so as to stay informed of our practices, as they may change from time to time.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have questions or concerns regarding this policy, you should contact us by mail, telephone or email at:
Boxcar Press, Inc.
Fax:  315.473.0967
Email: info@boxcarpress.com
Attn.: Privacy Policy Issues