http://www.animefringe.com/legal/
Site Navigation
>>
skip contents |
about us |
back issues |
final issue
>>
>>  no. 2005 /
Privacy Statement
Visitor Notice and Consent
We will ask you when we need information that personally identifies you (Personal Information) or allows us to contact you. Generally this information is requested when you are entering a contest or ordering e-mail newsletters.
You are not obligated at any time to submit any personal information to the Animefringe web site and not doing so will never hamper your viewing of the magazine or the information contained in the web site.
Distribution and Security of Personal Information
Animefringe does not distribute personal information to any third parties. Should this change, Animefringe will not distribute any information without your prior express consent.
Animefringe strictly protects the security of your personal information and honors your choices for its intended use. We carefully protect your data from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration, or destruction.
The Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA)
Animefringe gives children between the ages of 13 and 18 the ability to submit to us, in confidentiality, personally identifiable contact information without prior parental consent. Please take proper measures if you do not wish your child to do so. In order to comply with the COPPA ruling, if you are younger than 13 years of age, you are forbidden from submitting any personal information to the Animefringe web site without direct parental consent.
Changes to this Document
Changes to this document may be made any time without warning. Animefringe may or may not notify you of changes in this policy (except where superseding directives exist), however, we will make an effort to notify you if there are any major changes to this policy.
Disclaimer / Copyright Info
All original material found within the Animefringe web site is copyrighted by Animefringe (unless otherwise specified). All Animefringe-related HTML, layout, scripting, text, and images found within the Animefringe web site (unless otherwise specified) are copyrighted by Animefringe. Any and all other characters and images found on this site are copyrighted by their original creators and are used on these pages for informational use only under Fair Use policies. No explicit, illegal or immoral material will be posted to any of the Animefringe web pages.
Please feel free to contact us via our Mail Desk if you have any questions or comments.
This page available at: /legal/index.php
<<
ISSN 1705-3692. Copyright © 1999-2005 Animefringe. XHTML / CSS.
<<
privacy policy / legal | contact us
<<