http://www.alexggarcia.com/index.php/en/legal-disclosure
Legal Disclosure
Information in accordance with section 5 TMG
Alexandra Gerhard-GarciaHeinricht-Klerx-Straﬂe 1951469 Bergisch GladbachGermany
Contact
Tel.: +49 1512 4053280
E-Mail: alex@alexggarcia
Internetadresse: www.alexggarcia.com
Indication of source for images and graphics Alexandra Gerhard Garcia
Disclaimer
Accountability for content
The contents of our pages have been created with the utmost care. However, we cannot guarantee the contents' accuracy, completeness or topicality. According to statutory provisions, we are furthermore responsible for our own content on these web pages. In this context, please note that we are accordingly not obliged to monitor merely the transmitted or saved information of third parties, or investigate circumstances pointing to illegal activity. Our obligations to remove or block the use of information under generally applicable laws remain unaffected by this as per ßß 8 to 10 of the Telemedia Act (TMG).
Accountability for links
Responsibility for the content of external links (to web pages of third parties) lies solely with the operators of the linked pages. No violations were evident to us at the time of linking. Should any legal infringement become known to us, we will remove the respective link immediately.
Copyright
Our web pages and their contents are subject to German copyright law. Unless expressly permitted by law (ß 44a et seq. of the copyright law), every form of utilizing, reproducing or processing works subject to copyright protection on our web pages requires the prior consent of the respective owner of the rights. Individual reproductions of a work are allowed only for private use, so must not serve either directly or indirectly for earnings. Unauthorized utilization of copyrighted works is punishable (ß 106 of the copyright law).
Erstellt unter Nutzung der folgenden Quelle: Impressum-Generator Muster-Vorlagen.net
We use cookies just as session cookies. But concerning our Newsletter and the links to social media please read our Privacy policy.
Ok
Privacy Policy