https://www.scottishballet.co.uk/website/terms-and-conditions
Coronavirus update: join us this winter for online events, classes and our first-ever feature film. Please click here for the latest update on performances and other activities.< About this siteAccessibilityCookiesTerms and conditionsPrivacy StatementThis web-site, (“the Site”) is operated by or on behalf of Scottish Ballet. Your use of the Site is regulated by these Terms and Conditions (“the Terms”) and, by browsing the Site, you are demonstrating that you accept the Terms and agree to be bound by them. If you do not accept the Terms either in whole or in part, you should stop using the Site immediately.
1. Intellectual PropertyThe content of this Site (except where otherwise stated) is copyright © Scottish Ballet. This includes the text and graphics used, contained or displayed on the Site and any material which is available to download from the Site. You may print or download the content of this Site for your own personal, non-commercial use only but any such downloads should acknowledge that the material is copyright © Scottish Ballet.
The distribution or copying of the content of the Site (or any part of it) for any commercial purpose whatsoever is expressly prohibited other than with the prior written consent of Scottish Ballet. A written licence for commercial distribution or copying may be obtained on request on such terms and at such costs as we may determine.
Any trade mark, service mark or other intellectual property contained in or relating to this Site is the property of Scottish Ballet, unless otherwise stated. The use of such trade marks, service marks or other intellectual property without Scottish Ballet’s permission is strictly forbidden.
2. ExclusionsWe shall not be liable to you (whether directly or indirectly and whether as a result of negligence or otherwise) in respect of any losses or damage which you may incur as a result of your use of the Site, its content or any material which is available to download from the Site.
We have taken, and will continue to take, reasonable steps to ensure that the Site and all information which is published on the Site is accurate and virus-free. We cannot however guarantee (and make no representations whatsoever):
that material, information or data obtained from or through this Site is complete, accurate or not an infringement of any party’s intellectual or other property rights; orthat material, information and data submitted via this Site will be fully secure; orthat material, information and data obtained from or through this Site will meet your requirements; orthat your access to or use of this Site will be uninterrupted, timely or error-free; orthat the Site, its content and/or any material which is available to download from the Site is free of viruses, bugs or Trojans.The information on the Site is published “as is” for general informational purposes only and Scottish Ballet expressly disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, as to the accuracy of any of the content provided on the Site, its security, its quality or as to the fitness of the information for any purpose whatsoever.
Scottish Ballet recommends that you employ your own virus detection and protection measures when accessing the Site.
3. HyperlinksThis Site may contain hyperlinks to websites operated by other parties. These links are suggested for information only and our inclusion of hyperlinks to such websites does not imply any endorsement of views, statements or information contained in such websites. You should exercise care when visiting any external sites linked from this Site and remember such external sites will have their own terms and conditions. No liability is accepted for any information contained on any external site. If you consider that the content of any external site linked from this Site is illegal, immoral or offensive please advise us by sending an e-mail to feedback@scottishballet.co.uk.4. Ticket salesScottish Ballet does not sell tickets for its performances. The local theatre where the performance is taking place controls on-line ticket sales through their website. Scottish Ballet are not responsible for the content accuracy of the theatre's information or the on-line sale of the tickets. Please check with your local theatre as they may have specific terms and conditions for on-line sales.
When you purchase tickets you will be required to supply more personal details than when you join the mailing list. This information will be held by the theatre that takes your booking and may be passed on to Scottish Ballet.5. Classes & Workshops - OnlineThese terms and conditions relate to all bookings made online & over the phone and for attendance at all online classes and one-off workshops.Full refunds will only be issued in the unlikely event of cancellation of a class or workshop by Scottish Ballet and will not be issued for situations outwith our control e.g. a change of participant’s personal circumstances or blackout of WiFi services.CancellationsBefore the term starts: All cancellations made up until 3 working days before the first class will incur a 25% administrative charge. 75% of the class fee will be refunded.Within the 3 days prior to the start of the term and up to 7 days from the first class: 50% of the class fee will be refunded. 50% will be retained as an administration charge.After one week into the term: no refunds are given. Change of class: If you wish to transfer from one class to another, we can only move your booking if there is space in your preferred class. Changing classes will incur a £5 administration fee.One-off workshops: Cancellations can only be accepted up to 7 days prior to the date of the workshop. 75% of the workshop fee will be refunded. The remaining 25% will be retained as an admin charge.Double booking will incur a £5 administration fee.Please ensure that you are ready in plenty of time for your class/workshop as latecomers may not be admitted. Scottish Ballet will only admit you to a class if you are less than 15 minutes late.Participants take classes at their own risk. Please complete the online form and inform your teacher of any medical condition that may affect your participation. We may require a doctor’s confirmation that your participation is approved.Scottish Ballet will not be liable in any way if a class or workshop is abandoned after more than half of it has taken place due to factors which are beyond our reasonable control. Without limiting the foregoing, the following shall be regarded as causes beyond our reasonable control: (i) Acts of God, which include earthquakes, cyclones, storms, flooding, fire, disease, fog, snow or frost; (ii) Force Majeure which includes war, accidents, acts of public enemies, strikes, embargoes, perils of the air, local disputes and civil commotions; (iii) Power failure and failure of sound or lighting equipment.6. Shop and MerchandisePostage Postage is £2.75 for delivery within UK and £10 for international delivery.
We
will make every effort to dispatch goods within two working days, and
usually this means you will receive your goods within seven working days
of making your order, provided the goods are in stock. If an item is
out of stock we will notify you via email.
We endeavour to ship
all items in an order together. If for any reason an item is not
available we will process and dispatch the remainder of your order
separately. Regardless of the number of deliveries you receive, you’ll
only be charged the shipping/ postage fee once. Items available for
pre-order or which are temporarily out of stock will be dispatched
separately with no additional postage charge.
If you have any queries or wish to discuss your order, please email us at shop@scottishballet.co.uk Refunds We
hope that you are happy with your purchase. However, if you are not
then please let us know within 14 days of receipt; if you return the
item to us in its original condition within 28 days of receipt we will
be happy to give you a refund. When returning items we recommend that
you ask your Post Office for a proof of posting (available free of
charge). Refunds will be issued within 14 days of receipt of the
returned goods. Returns should be sent to: Shop Orders,
Scottish Ballet, Tramway, 25 Albert Drive, Glasgow G41 2PE. Return
postage charges are non-refundable unless your order was faulty or
incorrect. If your order arrives damaged or has a fault please contact us by email at shop@scottishballet.co.uk  so we can arrange a replacement, or return the item to us for a refund. Exchanges We only replace items if they are defective or damaged. If you need to exchange an item please send us an email at shop@scottishballet.co.uk and send your item to: Shop Orders, Scottish Ballet, Tramway, 25 Albert Drive, Glasgow G41 2PE. Third Party Sales Our
official merchandise is regularly sold in our touring venues. Any
faulty items should be returned to the venue for a replacement. If not
in stock a full refund will be offered by the venue.7. Alteration of Terms and ConditionsScottish Ballet reserves the right to update or modify these Terms in which case any such changes will be effective from the date of posting on the Site. Your continued use of the Site indicates your acceptance of any changes which we may make to the Terms.8. Complaints If you have any cause for complaint about this Site please contact us at Scottish Ballet, Tramway, 25 Albert Drive, Glasgow G41 2PE.
9. Use of InformationWhere you submit information to Scottish Ballet through the Site, we shall (except where the information constitutes personal data) be entitled to use that information for any purpose which we consider appropriate. Any personal data which we collect about you through the Site will be processed in accordance with our Privacy Statement.
10. GeneralThese Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of Scotland, and each of the parties submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Scotland.