https://www.bigmachinelabelgroup.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
X
Privacy PolicyEffective Date: June 26, 2020
At Big Machine Label Group (“BMLG”), we take protecting your privacy seriously. In order for our websites, applications, and any corresponding service to function properly, we need to collect some of your information. This privacy policy explains the information we collect about you, how we use it and share it, and your privacy rights in connection with visiting our websites, installing and using our applications, using or participating in our online or offline services, or purchasing products from us (collectively, our “Service”).
This policy covers our Service. This policy does not cover, and we are not responsible for, third-party websites or applications that may be linked from our services; linking to them does not imply an endorsement. We are not responsible for these websites or applications or any information they may collect. You should always review the privacy policy of any third-party website or application that collects your personal information.
By using our Service, you acknowledge that you have accepted this policy without exception. If you do not consent to this policy, please neither use our Service nor provide us with any of your information.
Personal information we collect
When you use our Service, we may collect the following types of personal information from you:
Identifiers and Demographic Information: Your name, mailing address, email address, phone number, age, country, and your account information. We also may collect preference information such as music or artist preferences.
Photos and videos that you post to our Service or provide to us.
Transaction Information: Shipping and billing information, credit or debit card information or other preferred payment means, order confirmation and shipping tracking number, and records of your purchases from us, any returns you make, or products you are considering purchasing from us (e.g., items in your cart).
Technical Data and Log Information: Information about your device and your use of our Service, including the device hardware model, operating system and version, type of browser you use, times you access our Service, average time spent on one of our websites, pages viewed, your IP address, device information related to your choice of settings such as GPS and Bluetooth settings, location information if you enable this on your device operation system and you are using a location-based service (you may turn off location information at any time within the device settings), MAC address, transactions with APIs, website or application usage activity, and the referring link through which you accessed one of our websites.
Cookies: We use cookies, pixel tags, and other similar technologies to collect information about you when you interact with our Service, including technical data and log information as well as information about your browsing behavior across third-party partner sites. We may use this information to understand usage patterns of our websites, analyze trends, administer our Service, or tailor and deliver advertising that may be more relevant or interesting to you, such as in cases where you have previously searched for, viewed, or purchased our products or similar products. You may opt out of this type of advertising on our websites by toggling off targeting cookies on our cookie banner or, if you are a California consumer, by following the opt-out instructions in the “Your CCPA Rights” section of this policy.
You may also opt out of such advertising by blocking and deleting cookies, pixel tags, or similar technologies in your browser. Please note, however, if you choose to block and delete cookies, pixel tags, and other similar technologies, some parts of our Service may not function correctly.
In addition, assocations in the digital advertising ecosystems provide methods for opting out of interest-based or behavioral advertising, including the Network Advertising Initiative (here), Digital Advertising Alliance (here), and YourOnlineChoices (here).
Social Media: If you use a third-party service (e.g., Facebook, Google, or Twitter) to create an account, we may receive personal information that you allow such a third-party service to share with us such as your name, email address, profile picture, or other personal information.
If you choose to interact with us through a third-party social network (e.g., Instagram), we may collect personal information from your profile on the social network, like your username and any other personal information you make publicly available. Please be aware that any information you submit or post to a social media site, such as Instagram, is done at your own risk and without any expectation of privacy. We cannot control the actions of social media site users and are not responsible for any content or submissions contained on such sites.
The sources from which we may collect personal information are directly from you, automatically when you use our Service, from affiliates or subsidiaries, from recording artists or their representatives, or from non-affiliated companies (e.g., service providers, third parties) that assist us in providing, maintaining, and operating our Service. This may include providing customer support, web hosting, web development, marketing, data management, payment processing, product fulfillment, security, fraud control, events and promotional services, or analytics services on our behalf.
Uses of personal information
We may use your personal information to:
Develop, provide, and improve our Service;
Administer offers, promotions, events, and sweepstakes;
Communicate with you about our Service, offers, promotions, events, and sweepstakes; provide you with information, such as a newsletter, about an artist; or send you marketing and promotional communications and other information we believe may be of interest to you (Note: at any time you may choose to withdraw your consent to our use or disclosure of your personal information for marketing and promotional purposes by contacting us as outlined in the “Contact Us” section of this privacy policy);
Personalize your experience and provide content or features that may be more relevant or interesting to you;
Create and maintain your account;
Complete the transactions you request and perform our contractual obligations;
Process your orders, payments, and account adjustments and initiate, render, bill, and collect payment for our Service;
Send you notifications related to your account, purchases, exchanges, and returns;
Respond to your requests and any other communications from you, including to provide customer service;
Monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities;
Conduct internal research and development and make business decisions about current and future Service offerings and marketing efforts;
Detect security incidents and protect against malicious, deceptive, or illegal activity, including fraudulent transactions, error, negligence, and breach of contract;
To protect our rights, property, or safety, and that of our users, customers, employees, third parties, or the public;
Comply with and enforce applicable legal and regulatory obligations, and respond to government requests;
Enforce this policy, our terms of use, or our other policies and agreements;
Defend against or pursue claims, disputes, or litigation in court or elsewhere; or
Carry out certain short-term activities and other reasonable internal purposes related to our Service, especially with respect to products you purchase from us or your ongoing relationship with us.
These uses of your personal information are processed according to the following:
As necessary to fulfill our responsibilities under a contract with you (e.g., processing payments for and providing the products you have ordered);
As necessary for our legitimate interests (e.g., our interest in providing a relevant and secure Service, improving our Service, and maintaining our books and records);
As necessary to comply with our legal obligations (e.g., notifying you as required by law in the event of a breach regarding the security of your personal information); or
As is consistent with your consent, which you may revoke at any time (e.g., marketing communications).
Sharing personal information
We do not share your personal information with third parties, except for the purposes described below:
Non-affiliated Companies: Disclosures of your personal information to non-affiliated companies or individuals we hire or work with that perform services on our behalf, including customer support, web hosting, web development, data management, payment processing, product fulfillment, security, fraud control, marketing, events and promotional services, and analytics services. We only disclose the information required by the service provider or third party to perform the respective service for us.
Affiliates and Subsidiaries: Disclosures of your personal information to our holding company, subsidiaries, and affiliates for one or more purposes described in the “Uses of Personal Information” section above.
Relevant recording artists and/or their representatives for one or more purposes described in the “Uses of Personal Information” section above.
Corporate Transaction: Personal information may be disclosed or transferred as part of, or during negotiations for any purchase, sale, lease, merger, amalgamation or any other type of acquisition, disposal, securitization, or financing involving us.
We may also disclose your personal information to:
Comply with and enforce applicable legal and regulatory obligations, and respond to government requests (e.g., request from an administrative agency, civil suit, subpoena, court order, or judicial or administrative proceeding);
Protect our rights, property, or safety, and that of our users, customers, employees, third parties, or the public;
Enforce this policy, our terms of use, or our other policies and agreements;
Defend against or pursue claims, disputes, or litigation in court or elsewhere;
Detect security incidents and protect against malicious, deceptive, or illegal activity, including fraudulent transactions, error, negligence, and breach of contract; and
Any other party with your prior consent to do so.
How we protect your personal information
The security of your personal information is important to us and we take reasonable precautions to protect it. However, since the internet is not a completely secure environment, we cannot ensure the security of information during its transmission between you and us. Accordingly, you acknowledge that when you transmit such information, you do so at your own risk and in accordance with applicable law.
How long we keep your personal information
We will retain your personal information as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy policy, unless applicable law prescribes a specific retention period.
How you are notified if this policy changes
We may change this policy from time to time, and any updates or modifications will be posted on our websites. In some cases, we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our homepage or sending you a communication). We encourage you to read this policy carefully to stay informed about our personal information practices and the choices available to you.
Children under 13
We do not, in providing the Service, knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you have reason to believe that a child has provided personal information to us via the Service, please contact us as described in the “Contact Us” section below, and we will take steps to remove the personal information from our storage systems and terminate the account if we determine that a child under 13 has used the Service.
For non-U.S. residents
The Service is operated from the United States. If you are located outside the United States and choose to use the Service or provide information to us, you acknowledge and understand that your information will be transferred, processed, and stored in the United States. United States privacy laws may vary from those in your jurisdiction.
Your rights related to your personal information
While we take various steps to ensure the accuracy and completeness of your personal information, we rely on you to provide accurate and complete information when interacting with us.
Upon your request, and as allowed or required by applicable law, you may request that we take the following actions with your personal information: (i) provide you with a copy; (ii) correct it; (iii) update it; or (iv) delete it (including to delete your online account). To make such a request, or if you have a privacy-related complaint, please contact us as provided in the “Contact Us” section of this policy.
Please note, after you contact us, we may require that you (or your authorized agent) provide us with certain information (e.g., take proportionate steps to verify your identity and, as applicable, verify that the authorized agent is indeed authorized to act for you). Also, we may retain certain personal information after processing your requet as required by law or for legitimate business purposes.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights related to your personal information.
Information for California consumers
Shine the Light Law
California residents may opt-out of us disclosing their personal information to third parties for marketing purposes. If you are a California resident and do not want us to disclose your information to third parties for marketing purposes, please contact us as provided in the “Contact Us” section below.
California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”)
If you are a California consumer, the CCPA requires us to disclose the following items with respect to our collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information:
Categories of personal information collected: In the preceding 12 months, we have collected the following categories of personal information: identifiers, California Customer Records personal information categories, commercial information, internet or other electronic network activity information, geolocation data, audio and visual information, inferences drawn about your preferences, and other categories of personal information that relate to or are reasonably capable of being associated with you. For examples of personal information we collect, please see “Personal Information We Collect” above.
Categories of sources of personal information: The sources from which we collect personal information are described in the “Personal Information We Collect” section above.
Business or commercial purpose for collecting and using personal information: We collect personal information for the business purposes described in the “Uses of Personal Information” section above.
Categories of personal information disclosed: In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information for business or commercial purposes: identifiers, California Customer Records personal information categories, commercial information, internet or other electronic network activity information, geolocation data, audio and visual information, inferences drawn about your preferences, and other categories of personal information that relate to or are reasonably capable of being associated with you.
Categories of third parties with whom we share personal information: We may share your personal information with the third parties as described in the “Sharing Personal Information” section above.
Sale of Personal Information: We do not sell personal information as the term is traditionally understood. However, under the CCPA, in the preceding 12 months certain methods of advertising we have used could be considered a sale of personal information to third parties that assist us in providing, maintaining and operating our marketing. This personal information includes the following categories: identifiers, internet or other electronic network activity information, and inferences drawn about your preferences. We use this personal information to tailor and deliver advertising that may be more relevant or interesting to you, including targeting and retargeting ads. Please note, we do not sell the personal information of individuals under the age of 16 if we have actual knowledge of the individual’s age.
Your CCPA Rights
If you are a California consumer, you have the right to submit an access request for a copy of the personal information we have about you; the right to submit a deletion request asking that we delete any or all of the personal information that we have collected about you and retained, subject to certain exceptions; and the right to opt out of the sale of your personal information.
To exercise your access, deletion, or opt-out right, please contact us as provided in the “Contact Us” section below. After you contact us with an access, deletion, or opt-out request, we may require that you (or your authorized agent) provide us with certain information (e.g., take proportionate steps to verify your identity, verify that the authorized agent is indeed authorized to act for you).
In addition, if you visit our website, we engage in selling that may not identify you specifically, but rather the device and browser you use. You may opt out of this type of selling by toggling off certain cookies or other similar technologies. This is done by navigating to the “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” link on our homepage, selecting “Sale of Personal Information,” and toggling off “Targeting Cookies.” You may also opt out of this type of sale of your personal information by blocking and deleting cookies or similar tracking technologies in your browser. Please note, however, that if you block and delete cookies or similar tracking technologies, some parts of our site may not function correctly.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights related to your personal information.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this policy, want to exercise a privacy right with respect to your personal information, or have a privacy-related complaint, you can contact us at privacy@bmlg.net or 615-324-7777.