https://www.ncicap.org/privacystatement
HOME
ABOUT US
Services
Industry
Client Support
RESOURCES
CONTACT US
CAPTIONING
CAPTION INTEGRATION
FEATURED NEWS
REQUEST A QUOTE
DID YOU KNOW
Back
Our Services
REQUEST A QUOTE
Real-time Captioning
ASR Captioning
PRERECORDED CAPTIONS
Recapd Web Captioning
Live Captioning Translation
Caption Integration
Audio Description
Spanish Captioning
Back
Internet/Web
Media and Entertainment
Education
Corporations
Government
Back
Resources Intro
Viewer FAQ
NCI Client FAQ
Captioning Terms
Educational Uses
Public Policy
History of CC
Privacy StatementOur Commitment To PrivacyNCI recognizes that users of this website and our programs and services may have questions about how and why this information is collected. This Privacy Statement explains what kinds of information we collect through our website and how we use this information. NCI is mindful of its responsibility to treat with care the information it collects about individuals and to respect their privacy relative to personal information concerning them.Your use of the NCI website signifies your understanding of this Privacy Statement and your acknowledgement of the collection, use, and storage of, and your rights with regards to, your personal information, as described below.What Information Is Collected And How Is It UsedLike most websites, NCI uses cookies to help us learn more about website visitors. Cookies allow us to differentiate between repeat and new users and to identify site traffic patterns. NCI staff use website visitor data to help share and direct the creation and maintenance of content. The data compiled via cookies is considered confidential and will not be sold to entities outside of the organization. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you a chance to decide whether or not to accept it.NCICAP.org does not collect personally identifiable information about you except when you specifically provide this information on a voluntary basis. For example, the website includes forms which may ask for your address, phone number and/or email address to provide you with personalized service, to respond to service quotes, or to answer an inquiry. In each case, our objective is to have your contact information so that we can serve you better. NCI does not provide, sell, or rent email addresses to anyone outside the organization.External LinksThis web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that NCI is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this web site.Updates To This Privacy StatementNCI may update or change this Privacy Statement at any time in its sole discretion and without notice. Updates to this Privacy Statement will be posted here or at another location on the site as may be disclosed thereon. Any information collected from you is subject only to NCI’s most current Privacy Statement. It is the obligation of users to learn of changes to the Privacy Statement since their last visit. Any change to this Privacy Statement shall be effective as to any visitor who has visited the site before the change was made. Your continued access and use of the site following any posting of any change to this Privacy Policy will automatically be deemed to be your acceptance of the same.