https://www.elocal.com/information#privacy_california
calling-businessman-ico
handshake-ico
handshake-alt-ico
lightbulb-ico
pause-ico
pause-upcoming-ico
trending-down-ico
trending-up-ico
eLocal Acquires Felix and CityGrid to Further Expand Performance-Based Advertising Platform.
January 4, 2019
eLocal today announced the acquisitions of Felix and CityGrid.
eLocal, Felix, and CityGrid have separately been leaders in providing performance-based advertising for local, regional and national service businesses for over a decade. Together, they become one of the largest players in the pay-per-call and pay-per-lead industry.
As a result of this acquisition, along with its acquisition of Ring Router in October 2018, eLocal can now offer pay-per-call and pay-per-lead solutions within the Home Services, Legal, Insurance, Medical, and Financial verticals.
The combined eLocal, Felix, and CityGrid offering leverages the best aspects of each individual organization.
"We are excited to now partner, rather than compete, with two of the early leaders in performance-based marketing,"
said Bruce Aronow, CEO at eLocal. "eLocal has built an extraordinarily robust performance-based advertising platform and we intend to continue leveraging our technology and operational infrastructure to strategically expand and grow."
The combined management team, with representation from each organization, has significant depth of experience and is well-positioned to execute on a shared vision. "There were tremendous synergies between what eLocal and Felix have built," said Jill Labert, who assumes the role of Chief Revenue Officer at eLocal. "By leveraging the best-in-class aspects of each organization, we expect to deliver significant value to our clients and publishing partners."
Fueled by an infusion of growth capital from LLR Partners in late 2017, eLocal is focused on continuing to augment its organic growth through targeted acquisitions. "Ring Router, Felix, and CityGrid are an important first step in our vision, as we continue to look for strategic acquisitions in 2019 and beyond," Aronow added. "Piece by piece, together, we’re building something exceptional here, and this is just the beginning."
About eLocal
eLocal is a fast-growing, 10-year-old performance-based advertising company, whose mission is to connect consumers with local businesses. eLocal has been at the forefront of a changing advertising industry by offering pay per call and pay per lead advertising solutions to businesses of all sizes. In 2017, eLocal’s founders won an EY Entrepreneur of the Year Award for E-Services, while, for the second year in a row, the company itself ranked among the fastest-growing in the Philadelphia Business Journal’s Soaring 76. Learn more
here.
Media Contact:
Kristy DelMuto, LLR Partners, 215-344-1372
kdelmuto@llrpartners.com
eLocal, the leaders in pay per call, head to Las Vegas for Affiliate Summit West 2019
Immediate Release
eLocal is kicking off 2019 by sending its business development team to the Affiliate Summit West conference in Las Vegas which starts on Sunday, January 6th.
After explosive growth in 2017 and again in 2018, eLocal is looking to expand its base of publishers/affiliates by partnering with the best of the best in the pay per call industry.
eLocal drives calls and leads to thousands of advertisers in the home services, legal, debt and addiction verticals
and with the acquisition of Ring Router in 2018, they have recently added insurance to the mix.
Over the years, the Affiliate Summit conference has evolved to include more networking opportunities for pay per call affiliates due to the growth of the performance based advertising industry. eLocal is regarded as one of the best monetization engines for highly experienced affiliates that have the ability to generate a high volume of calls. The team is looking forward to networking with like-minded and equally ambitious industry professionals, and to start the new year with an aggressive push to create new pay per call partnerships and to grow existing ones in 2019.
Delivering on the promise of performance marketing.
Immediate Release
Proving unmatched transparency and accountability, eLocal’s performance-drive model is poised to turn the world of traditional advertising on its head.
Innovating with Integrity
Time and experience continue to teach business owners that honesty and integrity don’t necessarily go hand-in-hand with the marketing and advertising industries. As companies become increasingly disillusioned with traditional advertising, options built on transparency and results naturally stand out. And it’s exactly these values – transparency and accountability – that form the backbone of eLocal, a performance-based advertising platform designed to connect local, regional, and national businesses with consumers needing their services.
With transparency and accountability in mind, eLocal’s "Pay for Performance" model stands out by only charging clients for calls from real, potential customers. They make the program easy to love – there are no sign-up fees or long-term commitments.
Each client gets access to a user-friendly dashboard displaying every call they’ve received, allowing them to listen to recordings, request a credit for invalid calls, and track spending. Coupling total transparency with a program of concrete deliverables puts eLocal in rarefied air. They not only guarantee their program – they also back it up with measurable results.
...Read More
eLocal is proud to announce the hiring of its new VP of Finance, Melissa Gingrich.
October 11, 2018
Melissa brings a diverse and extensive experience to the continued growth of eLocal.
Prior to joining eLocal, Ms. Gingrich served as the CFO/COO of NXT Sports, an ever-growing youth sports company based out of Philadelphia, specializing in education and events management for youth sporting events.
She brings 20 years of experience across multiple industries, holding both financial and operational roles.
Melissa holds a BS in Finance from Lehigh University and an MBA from Villanova University.
eLocal to Acquire Ring router and Expand Performance-Based
Lead Generation Platform into Insurance Industry.
October 1, 2018
eLocal, a leading provider of performance-based advertising for local, regional and national service businesses, today announced they have reached agreement on principal terms to acquire Ring Router. The acquisition is expected to close in the immediate term.
Based in Pasadena, CA, Ring Router provides performance-based advertising in the form of pay-per-call programs within multiple insurance verticals. For years, Ring Router has helped large, national insurance agencies as well as independent local agents drive high intent, highly qualified insurance phone calls.
For more than 10 years, eLocal has offered a pay-per-call/pay-per-lead solution to businesses in the home services, legal, debt and addiction sectors. With the acquisition of Ring Router, eLocal will be able to deploy its best in class performance-based advertising solutions to insurance agencies nationwide. "We are excited to build upon Ring Router’s strong foundation within the insurance marketplace," said Bruce Aronow, CEO at eLocal.
Fueled by an infusion of growth capital from LLR Partners in late 2017, eLocal is focused on augmenting its organic growth through targeted acquisitions in its existing and new verticals. "As we looked to expand our reach into new verticals, Ring Router quickly emerged as the right partner, with their similar performance-based pricing model and such a strong reputation in the insurance industry," added Aronow.
"There was a natural fit between eLocal’s pay-per-call platform and what Ring Router has built," said Brett Sweeney, head of business development at Ring Router who will lead eLocal’s new insurance division.
"By leveraging eLocal’s technology and resources, I believe we have an incredible opportunity to accelerate the growth of the eLocal insurance division and deliver significant value to our clients and our publishing partners."
About eLocal
eLocal is a fast-growing, 10-year-old performance-based advertising company, whose mission is to connect consumers with local businesses. With a specialization in the home services and legal verticals, eLocal has been at the forefront of a changing advertising industry as one of the only media companies offering businesses of all sizes a performance-based pricing model to support new customer acquisition. In 2016 and 2017, eLocal ranked in the Philadelphia Business Journal’s Soaring 76 for the fastestgrowing companies in the region. Its founders also won EY Entrepreneur of the Year Awards in 2017 for E-Services. Learn more at www.elocal.com.
EY Announces Bruce Aronow and Andy Aronow of eLocal.com
Joint Finalists for Entrepreneur Of The Year® 2017 in Greater Philadelphia.
Immediate Release
Conshohocken, PA 4/19/2017
EY has announced that CEO Bruce Aronow and President Andy Aronow of eLocal.com are joint finalists for the Entrepreneur Of The Year® 2017 Award in the Greater Philadelphia Region. The awards program, which is celebrating its 31st year, recognizes entrepreneurs who are excelling in areas such as innovation, financial performance, and personal commitment to their businesses and communities. The Aronow brothers were selected as finalists by a panel of independent judges, beating out other highly qualified hopefuls.Under the Aronows' leadership, the company has grown dramatically and boasts an impeccable reputation within the industry.
Their company, eLocal.com, has been at the forefront of a changing advertising industry since 2008, offering local businesses a performance-based pricing model. Under the Aronows' leadership, the company has grown dramatically and boasts an impeccable reputation within the industry. Their achievements make them strong contenders for the EY award, winners of which will be announced at a special gala event on Wednesday, June 7, 2017 at the Kimmel Center for Performing Arts, Perelman Theater Plaza.
...Read More
eLocal Awards $1000 to The Eliminate Project
Immediate Release
eLocal announces The Eliminate Project as the winner of its "Save the World" charity contest Project as the winner of its "Save the World" charity giveaway contest. The contest, which ran from late November until December 21, 2012, encouraged people to vote for their favorite charities through eLocal's Facebook and Twitter pages. As the winner,
the Eliminate Project will receive a $1,000 donation from eLocal.
The money will be used to help the charity achieve its goal of eliminating maternal and neonatal tetanus. According to charity administrators, a donation of $1,000 will save or protect over 550
lives.
eLocal's "Save the World" campaign centered around a 3-part video series that spoofed on the idea of the Mayan calendar's "End of the World" set to occur on December 21, 2012. The videos parodied end of the world style disasters with cartoon ninjas, whales and wacky waving inflatable tubemen.
...Read More
eLocal.com Creates Legal Resource Network
February 23, 2013
eLocal.com, an internet company that seeks to connect customers with local businesses and services nationwide, is proud to announce
the launch of the Legal Expert Network. eLocal is hosting this question-and-answer forum on eLocalLawyers.com, its legal focused site,
as a resource for lawyers and their potential clients looking for answers and insight into common legal questions.
The Legal Resource Network follows a Q&A-style format, though it aims to expand on the traditional approach of a single question with a single answer. eLocal's staff creates a question based on trending legal issues and then poses it to top legal experts that comprise the eLocal Resource Network
eLocal's Q&A differs from other, similar platforms because responses from a range of legal professionals are combined to create a much more thorough, authoritative, and easily digestible answer, presented as a comprehensive article.
...Read More
eLocal Partners with Charities to "Save the World
October 27, 2012
eLocal.com launches social media contest to award a charity $1,000
On Monday October 29th, national web directory eLocal.com will launch its "Save the World"
campaign and charity fundraising contest with non-profit partner, Urban Farming.
The campaign will help raise money for Urban Farming and include a social media contest
allowing Facebook and Twitter users to nominate a charity of their choice to win $1,000.
eLocal's "Save the World" campaign is centered around a 3-part video series that spoofs on the idea of the Mayan calendar "End of the World" set to occur on December 21, 2012. The videos parody end of the world style disasters with cartoon ninjas, whales and wacky waving inflatable tubemen. Viewers can help eLocal "Save the World" by supporting Urban Farming or by entering eLocal's charity contest.
...Read More
Voting Rights Video Infographic Educates and Inspires
October 24, 2012
New animated infographic explores the history and evolution of our nation's voting rights
In the midst of election season, national web directory eLocal.com has created a video infographic, entitled Democracy Distilled, which traces the most important events in the history of our nation's voting rights.
The animated infographic examines the struggle for suffrage among several minority groups from the founding of our nation to the late 1970s.
"Democracy Distilled: Exploring the Evolution of Our Nation's Voting Rights" is an ideal video for any organization
looking to educate viewers on how our current voting rights were formed.
It's ideal for educational institutions, political organizations and anyone looking for an innovative way to learn about our nation's civil rights history. Democracy Distilled was created by eLocal.com with help from members of the Brennan Center of Justice, Harvard University, History Half, The Hispanic Blog, and US History Files. Democracy Distilled can be found on YouTube and on eLocal.com.
YouTube: (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2k57ARG7Kxg)
eLocal.com : (https://www.elocallawyers.com/infographics/democracy-distilled.html)
eLocal Unites Home Improvement Industry with Blog-Off
January 26, 2011
Industry Leaders Gather at eLocal to Share Expertise and Help Homeowners eLocal USA LLC ("eLocal]") is thrilled to announce its new Blog-Off series that will bring bloggers and professionals together to discuss hot topics and exciting trends in home improvement. This series will
provide homeowners with information directly from the experts,
while simultaneously creating a new forum for industry leaders to network and exchange ideas.
The response for the series so far has been overwhelming. Participants include recognizable navbar-brands, such as Kohler and Roto-Rooter, and television personalities, such as HGTV's season 5 Design Star winner Emily Henderson of Secrets from a Stylist. Experts involved in the blog-off range from plumbing, roofing, and electrical contractors to green living and interior design professionals. eLocal aims to unite the home improvement industry through its network of blogs. "The Blog-Off concept is a great way for industry professionals to come together in providing the most accurate information for consumers to use," said Paul Abrams, Roto-Rooter's Public Relations Manager and blog-off participant.
...Read More
For media inquiries or to request eLocal.com navbar-brand information, contact
eLocal.com Public Affairs.
Summary
Thank you for visiting the eLocal™ website located at www.elocal.com (the "Site").
The Site is an Internet property of eLocal USA LLC ("eLocal™," "we" or "us").
The following eLocal™ Website Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") sets forth our policy with respect to the collection, storage and use of your personal information and other information that we collect from you.
Please note, if you are a resident of a European Union Member State (“EU Resident”), you are not permitted to use the Site and/or eLocal™ Offerings (as defined below).
Users with disabilities who wish to access this Privacy Policy in an alternative format can contact us by calling us at: (877) 913-5622; or by sending us mail to: eLocal.com | P.O. Box 495 | Dresher, PA | 19425.
Background
You agree to this Privacy Policy, in its entirety, when you:
access the Site;
utilize the eLocal™ search directory ("Directory Service") in order to obtain Listings
regarding a variety of businesses, professionals, venues, products and/or services
(collectively, "Third Party Offerings") as offered and provided by the third party
business entities and professionals featured on the Site (collectively, "Third Party
Service Providers");
access articles, discussions and feedback on the eLocal™ Home Expert Network ("Home
Expert Network") and/or access other content on the Site (collectively, "Content");
utilize the Site’s many interactive features designed to facilitate interaction between
you, eLocal™, the Ongoing Contributors and Expert Panelists participating in the Home
Expert Network and other Site users including, but not limited to, blogs, comment
sections, reviews and question and answer options located in designated areas of the Site
(collectively, "Interactive Services");
register to submit a free Listing of your Third Party Offerings;
register for Paid Advertiser Services in connection with promoting your Third Party
Offerings as an Advertiser; and/or
access links to our social media pages on third party social media websites, such as
Facebook® and Twitter® ("Social Media Pages," and together with the Site, Directory
Services, Listings, Home Expert Network, Content, Interactive Services, Paid Advertiser
Services and Social Media Pages, the "eLocal™ Offerings").
Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning set forth in the
eLocal™ Website Terms and Conditions ("Terms and Conditions").
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY IN ITS ENTIRETY, YOU MAY NOT ACCESS
OR OTHERWISE USE THE ELOCAL™ OFFERINGS.
Any use of the Directory Service by Site Users is not intended to, and will not
create, an attorney-client relationship between any such Site Users and eLocal™.
Without limiting the foregoing, any information submitted to eLocal™ and/or any
electronic or other communication sent to eLocal™ will not create, or be covered by,
an attorney-client relationship between Site Users and eLocal™.
Your California Privacy Rights
Shine the Light.
If you are a resident of the State of California and would like to know how your
"personal information" (as defined in the Shine the Light Law,
Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.83) is shared with third parties, what categories of personal
information that we have shared with third parties in the preceding year,
as well as the names and addresses of those third parties, please contact us
via contact form here or eLocal.com | P.O. Box 495 | Dresher, PA | 19425,
Phone: 877-913-5622.
Further, if you are a resident of the State of California and would like to
opt-out from the disclosure of your personal information to any third party for
marketing purposes, please contact via contact form here or
eLocal.com | P.O. Box 495 | Dresher, PA | 19425, Phone: 877-913-5622.
Please be advised that where California State residents opt-out from permitting
their personal information to be shared, such individuals may still receive
selected offers directly from us, in accordance with applicable law.
California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”).
In addition to the foregoing, if you are a resident of the State of California
certain other privacy-related rights may apply to you in accordance with the
CCPA, including the right to opt-out of our sale of your personal information,
as well as the right to know what personal information about you we have collected,
whether your personal information was shared with third-parties in the preceding
year and, if so, what categories of personal information were shared,
as well as the categories of third parties with whom we shared that personal information.
Please see our “Provisions for California Residents” below
for a more complete description
of your rights under the CCPA as a California resident.
Privacy Policy Quick Links
Below are links to key sections of our Privacy Policy:
Privacy Policy Quick Links
Your Nevada Privacy Rights
Personally Identifiable Information We Collect
Use and Sharing of Personally Identifiable Information
Non-Personal Information Collection and Use
Behavioral Tracking/Do Not Track
Security of Your Personal Information
Children's Privacy
Opt-Out/Unsubscribe
Deleting, Modifying and Updating Your Information
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Your Nevada Privacy Rights
If you are a resident of the State of Nevada and would like to opt-out from the disclosure
of your personal information to any third party data broker, please contact us via
contact form here or at eLocal.com | P.O. Box 495 | Dresher, PA | 19425,
Phone: 877-913-5622.
Personally Identifiable Information We Collect
We collect your personally identifiable information when you register on the Site
in order to utilize the various eLocal™ Offerings.
We may also collect your personally identifiable information when you otherwise agree
to the terms of this Privacy Policy, but do not complete the applicable registration
process in full.
The personally identifiable information that you must provide on the applicable Site Forms
and/or in connection with your request for eLocal™ Offerings may include, depending on the
applicable eLocal™ Offerings requested, all or some of the following:
your first and last name;
your e-mail address;
your primary telephone number;
your credit card information;
the category applicable to your inquiry (where searching for a Listing);
your company name;
your company’s address;
your business telephone number;
categories that apply to your company’s business practice, if applicable;
at your option, your mobile telephone number;
at your option, your business profile and link to your company’s website;
any other information requested on the applicable Site Form.
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, item (d) in the preceding sentence shall be
considered "Sensitive Information".
Consent to Call Recording
From time to time, when you call us, when we call you, or when we forward calls between
users and thirty party businesses, we may record those calls for quality assurance and
customer satisfaction purposes. We will notify you at the beginning of any and all calls
that we record.
Use and Sharing of Personally Identifiable Information
Please see our Provisions for California Residents below for additional details
regarding how we use the personal information collected.
Other than as expressly provided for hereunder, eLocal™ will never sell, rent, exchange
or barter your personal information to or with any third party for financial gain
or marketing purposes. By submitting your personal information on the Site, you agree that
we may share such personal information (other than your Sensitive Information) with
Third Party Service Providers that you request to be contacted by in order to complete your
request for Third Party Offerings, and that the Third Party Service Providers may use
such personal information for any lawful purposes, subject to any restrictions contained
herein. Any information that you supply to any Third Party Service Provider shall be governed
by the applicable Third Party Service Provider’s privacy policy.
Please be advised that eLocal™ does not itself provide Third Party Offerings, or any other
related products and/or services. The ultimate terms and conditions of any Third Party
Offerings provided by any Third Party Service Providers will be determined by those Third
Party Service Providers.
Where you register to access any of the eLocal™ Offerings, we use the personal information
that you make available to personalize your experience with the Site, facilitate the provision
of the applicable eLocal™ Offerings to you and for verification purposes.
You also agree that we may contact you at any time, via e-mail or other means:
with updates and/or any other information that we may deem appropriate for you to receive
in connection with your continued use of the eLocal™ Offerings;
with information regarding third party products, services, offers and/or promotions
that we think might be of interest to you.
If you wish to stop receiving future communications from us, please see the
Opt-Out/Unsubscribe section below.
By submitting your personal information in connection with the eLocal™ Offerings,
you agree that such act constitutes an inquiry and/or application for purposes of the
Amended Telemarketing Sales Rule (16 CFR §310 et seq.), as amended from time to time
(the "Rule") and applicable state do-not-call regulations.
As such, notwithstanding that your
telephone number may be listed on the Federal Trade Commission’s Do-Not-Call List,
and/or on applicable state do-not-call lists, we retain the right to contact you via
telemarketing in accordance with the Rule and applicable state do-not-call regulations.
In addition, where you provide "express written consent" within the meaning of the
Telephone Consumer Protection Act (47 USC § 227), and its implementing regulations adopted
by the Federal Communications Commission (47 CFR § 64.1200), as amended from time-to-time
("TCPA"), you consent to receive telephone calls from eLocal™ and any designated Third
Party Service Provider(s), including artificial voice and pre-recorded messages and/or
calls (including SMS text messages) delivered via automated technology, to the telephone
number(s) that you provided. Please note that you are not required to provide this consent
in order to obtain access to the eLocal™ Offerings, and your consent simply allows
eLocal™, as well as the designated Third-Party Service Provider(s), to contact you via
these means.
Please be advised that by agreeing to this Privacy Policy, you are obligated to
immediately inform us if and when the telephone number that you have previously provided
to us changes.
Without limiting the foregoing, if you:
have your telephone number reassigned to another person or entity;
give up your telephone number so that it is no longer used by you;
port your telephone number to a landline or vice versa; or
otherwise stop using that telephone number for any reason (collectively “Phone
Number Change”),
you agree that you shall promptly notify eLocal™ of the Phone Number Change via e-mail
at: correspondence@elocal.com.
We may also employ other companies and individuals to perform certain functions on our behalf. Examples include sending direct and electronic mail, removing duplicate information from user lists, analyzing data and providing marketing analysis. The agents performing these limited functions on our behalf shall have access to our users’ personal information as needed to perform their functions for us, but we do not permit them to use your personal information for other purposes.
We will also use your personal information for customer service, to provide you with information that you may request, to customize your experience on the Site and/or to contact you when necessary in connection with transactions entered into by you on the Site. We may also use your personal information for internal business purposes, such as analyzing and managing our business. We may also combine the information we have gathered about you with information from other sources.
We also reserve the right to release current or past user information:
in the event that we believe that the user is using, or has used,
the eLocal™ Offerings to commit unlawful acts and/or in violation of the Terms
and Conditions, this Privacy Policy or any other of our operating rules,
policies, price schedules and other supplemental terms and conditions or documents
that may be published by us from time to time;
if the information is subpoenaed; provided, however, that, where permitted by
applicable law, we shall provide you with e-mail notice, and opportunity to
challenge the subpoena, prior to disclosure of any personal information pursuant
to a subpoena; or
if we are sold, merge with a third party or are acquired; provided, however,
that if eLocal™ is involved in a merger, acquisition or sale of all or a portion
of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on the
Site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any
choices that you may have regarding your personal information.
Moreover, you hereby consent to disclosure of any record or communication to any
third-party when eLocal™, in its sole discretion, determines the disclosure to be
appropriate including, without limitation, sharing your e-mail address with other
third-parties for suppression purposes in compliance with the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003,
as amended from time to time.
Non-Personal Information Collection and Use
Please see our Provisions for California Residents below
for additional details
regarding how we collect and share your non-personal information.
IP Addresses/Browser Type
We may collect certain non-personally identifiable information about you when you visit many of the pages of the Site. This non-personally identifiable information includes, without limitation, the type of browser that you use (e.g., Internet Explorer, Chrome, Safari), your IP address, the type of operating system that you use (e.g., Windows or Mac OS) and the domain name of your Internet service provider (e.g., Verizon, AT&T). We use the non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the design and content of the eLocal™ Offerings and to enable us to personalize your Internet experience. We also may use this information in the aggregate to analyze eLocal™ Offerings usage, as well as to offer you products and services.
Cookies
When an end-user visits the Site, we send one (1) or more cookies and/or gif files (collectively, "Cookies") to assign an anonymous, unique identifier to the applicable end-user’s computer or other device. A Cookie is a piece of data stored on your hard drive containing non-personally identifiable information about you. Cookies have many benefits to enhance your experience at the Site. To find out more about Cookies, please visit www.cookiecentral.com. We use Cookies to improve the quality of the Site, including for storing user preferences, and tracking Site-user trends (such as pages opened and length of stay at the Site).
Most Internet browsers are initially set up to accept Cookies, but you can reset your browser to refuse all Cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. To disable and reject certain Cookies, follow the instructions associated with your Internet browser. Even in the case where a user rejects a Cookie, he or she may still use the eLocal™ Offerings. We reserve the right to retain Cookie data indefinitely.
Behavioral Tracking/Do Not Track
As a general rule, other than as set forth below, neither eLocal™, nor any third parties, track the activity of Site Users in connection with the Site. However, when an Advertiser is logged into its account, we track changes in such Advertiser’s status and updates to its profile. We may use this activity data to target those Advertisers with more specific marketing messages. In addition, when an Advertiser opens or clicks on links in email marketing messages from us, we record that information and may use it to refine subsequent marketing messages. This tracking will usually occur even where the applicable Advertiser has selected the "do-not-track" option on its Internet browser.
We use Google Analytics on the Site, as well as a conversion rate optimization platform called Visual Website Optimizer. These platforms do not record personal information of Site Users, but aggregate information and activity only.
Cross Device Tracking
eLocal™ does not track Site Users’ use of the eLocal™ Offerings across multiple devices,
including personal computers and mobile devices.
Other Websites
The Site may contain links to third-party owned and/or operated websites including, without limitation, websites owned and/or operated by our Third Party Service Providers. eLocal™ is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. In some cases, you may be able to make a purchase through one of their third-party websites. In these instances, you may be required to provide certain information, such as a credit card number, to register or complete a transaction at such website. These third-party websites have separate privacy and data collection practices and eLocal™ has no responsibility or liability relating to them.
Security of Your Personal Information
We endeavor to safeguard and protect our users’ personal information. When users make personal information available to us, their personal information is protected both online and offline (to the extent that we maintain any personal information offline). The privacy of your personal information is very important to us.
When our registration process asks users to submit Sensitive Information (such as credit card information), and when we transmit such Sensitive Information, that Sensitive Information is encrypted and is protected with Transport Layer Security (“TLS”) encryption software.
Access to your personal information is strictly limited, and we take reasonable measures to ensure that your personal information is not accessible to the public. The servers that we store personal information on are kept in a secure physical environment. We also have security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of personal information under our control. Please be advised, however, that while we take every reasonable precaution available to protect your data, no storage facility, technology, software, security protocols or data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
Computer hackers that circumvent our security measures may gain access to certain portions of your personal information, and technological bugs, errors and glitches may cause inadvertent disclosures of your personal information; provided, however, that any attempt to breach the security of the network, our servers, databases or other hardware or software may constitute a crime punishable by law. For the reasons mentioned above, we cannot warrant that your personal information will be absolutely secure. Any transmission of data at or through the Site is at your own risk.
All of our users’ personal information is restricted in our offices. Only employees or third party agents who need personal information to perform a specific job are granted access to personal information. Our employees are dedicated to ensuring the security and privacy of all user personal information. Employees not adhering to our firm policies are subject to disciplinary action. In compliance with applicable federal and state laws, we shall notify you and any applicable regulatory agencies in the event that we learn of an information security breach with respect to your personal information. You will be notified via e-mail in the event of such a breach. Please be advised that notice may be delayed in order to address the needs of law enforcement, determine the scope of network damage, and to engage in remedial measures.
Children’s Privacy
Visitors under eighteen (18) years of age are not permitted to use and/or submit their personal information at the Site. eLocal™ does not knowingly solicit or collect information from visitors under eighteen (18) years of age. eLocal™ encourages parents and guardians to spend time online with their children and to participate and monitor the interactive activities of their children.
Opt-Out/Unsubscribe
Please see our Provisions for California Residents below for additional details regarding how California State residents can opt-out from the sale of their personal information.
To opt-out of receiving e-mail advertising, SMS text-based marketing (where and to the extent permitted by applicable law), telemarketing and direct mail marketing from us, you can follow the instructions at the end of the applicable marketing message or email us by submitting a contact form here.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, we may continue to contact you for the purpose of communicating information relating to your use of the eLocal™ Offerings and to respond to any inquiry or request made by you. To opt-out of receiving eLocal™ Offerings-related and inquiry response-related messages from eLocal™, you must cease utilizing the eLocal™ Offerings and submitting inquiries to eLocal™, as applicable.
Deleting and Updating Your Information
Please see our Provisions for California Residents below for additional details regarding how California State residents can delete and/or access their personal information.
At your request, we will inform you of what personal information we have on file for you. In addition, at your request, we will remove and/or modify the personal information that you have provided to us, or that we have collected. You may do so by contacting us via contact form here; provided, however, that we ask individuals to identify themselves and the information requested to be accessed, corrected or removed before processing such requests, and we may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic, require disproportionate technical effort, jeopardize the privacy of others or would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backup tapes).
Please be advised that deleting your personal information will terminate your access to some or all of the eLocal™ Offerings. If you wish to continue using the eLocal™ Offerings, you may not delete the personal information that we have on file for you.
Please be further advised that, after you delete your personal information, residual copies may take a period of time before they are deleted from our active servers and may remain in our backup systems.
Transfer of Personal Information Internationally
If you are visiting the Site from a country other than the country in which our servers are located, your communications with us may result in the transfer of personal information across international boundaries. By visiting the Site and/or otherwise communicating electronically with us, you consent to such transfers.
Even if your jurisdiction does not have the same privacy laws as the jurisdiction where our servers are located, we will treat your information as subject to the protections described in this Privacy Policy.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
eLocal™ reserves the right to change or update this Privacy Policy at any time by posting a notice on the Site that we are changing this Privacy Policy. If the manner in which we use personally identifiable information changes, eLocal™ will notify users by: (a) sending the modified policy to our users via email; and/or (b) any other reasonable means acceptable under applicable state and federal law. You will have a choice as to whether or not we use your information in this different manner, and we will only use your information in this different manner where you opt-in to such use.
Contacting the Site
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the privacy practices of eLocal™, please feel free to e-mail us at: correspondence@elocal.com.
Filing a Complaint with the Federal Trade Commission
To file a complaint regarding our privacy practices, please
Click here
Privacy Provisions for California Residents
These Privacy Provisions for California Residents (“Privacy Provisions”) supplement the information contained in the Privacy Policy set forth above These Privacy Provisions apply solely to residents of the State of California (“CA Users”).
We adopt these Privacy Provisions in compliance with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”).
Any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in these Privacy Provisions.
Categories of Information We Collect
We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular CA User or device (“personal information”). In particular, we have collected the following categories of personal information from CA Users within the last twelve (12) months:
Category
Examples
Collected
A. Identifiers
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier,
Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, telephone number, or other
similar identifiers.
YES
B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records
statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description,
postal address, telephone number, passport number, driver's license or State
identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment,
employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or
any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance
information. Some personal information included in this category may overlap with
other categories.
YES
D. Commercial information.
Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered,
or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
YES
F. Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a CA User's interaction with a website,
application or advertisement.
YES
I. Professional or employment-related information.
Current or past job history or performance evaluations.
YES
Personal information does not include:
Publicly available information from government records.
De-identified or aggregated CA User information.
Information excluded from the CCPA's scope, such as:
health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability
Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA)
or clinical trial data; and
personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the
Fair Credit Reporting Act (FRCA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California
Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver's Privacy Protection Act of 1994.
We obtain the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories
of sources (with the specific categories of personal information indicated in parenthesis):
Directly from our CA Users. For example, from online registration forms that our CA Users
submit to us related to the products and/or services that we (and our third party service
providers) offer by and through the Site. (Category A, B, D and I)
Indirectly from our CA Users. For example, through information we collect from our CA Users
in the course of providing our products and/or services to them. (Category A, B, D, F and I)
Directly and indirectly from activity on the Site. This includes the type of browser that you
use (e.g., Safari, Chrome, Internet Explorer), your IP address, the type of operating system
that you use (e.g., Windows or iOS) and the domain name of your Internet Service Provider.
In addition, we obtain certain Site usage details and analytics as same are collected
automatically by us and our third party partners. (Category F)
From third-parties that interact with us in connection with the products and/or services
that we offer to our CA Users. For example, third party entities that assist us in sending
direct and electronic mail, removing duplicate information from CA User lists, analyzing data
and providing marketing analysis. (Category A, B, D, F and I)
From third-party data brokers or aggregators. (Category A, B, D and I)
Use of Personal Information
We may use or disclose the personal information that we collect for one or more of the following
business purposes (with the specific categories of personal information indicated in parenthesis):
To fulfill or meet the reason for which the information is provided. For example, if you provide
us with personal information in connection with your request for products and/or services from
the third party service providers featured on the Site, as well as information regarding the
other products and/or services featured on the Site, we will use that personal information to
better provide you with the requested information. (Category A, B, D and I)
To enable the third-party service providers featured on the Site to contact you regarding the
featured products and/or services. (Category A, B, D and I)
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us. (Category
A, B, D and I)
To create, maintain, customize and secure your account with us. (Category A, B, D, F and I)
To provide you with e-mail, direct mail and telemarketing messages concerning certain Company
products and/or services, as well as third-party products and/or services, that we believe may
be of interest to you. (Category A, B, D, F and I)
To deliver relevant Site content and advertisements to you and measure or understand the
effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you. (Category A, B, D, F and I)
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into
between you and us, including the Site’s Terms and Conditions. (Category A, B, D, F and I)
To improve the Site and better present its contents to you. (Category A, B, D, F and I)
For customer service purposes and to respond to inquiries from you. (Category A and B)
For testing, research, analysis and product development. (Category A, B, D, F and I)
As necessary or appropriate to protect our rights, property or safety, and that of our clients
or others. (Category A, B, D, F and I)
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or
governmental regulations. (Category A, B, D, F and I)
As described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in
the CCPA. (Category A, B, D, F and I)
To evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or
other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of
bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us is among
the assets transferred. (Category A, B, D, F and I)
We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated or incompatible purposes without providing you with notice.
Sharing Personal Information
Subject to your right to opt-out of such sharing/sale, we may share, rent and/or sell your personal information (Category A, B, D, F and I): (a) with/to the third party service providers that offer the products and services featured on the Site; and (b) for the other business purposes set forth above.
When we disclose personal information to a third party service provider or other entity, we enter into a contractual relationship that describes the purpose for which such third party may use the personal information and requires that third party to both keep the personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose other than the performance of its services under the applicable contract.
Please note, we do not collect information from CA Users that we actually know are less than eighteen (18) years of age and we do not share or sell the personal information of CA Users that we actually know are less than eighteen (18) years of age.
Without limiting the foregoing, we have not shared or sold the personal information of CA Users that we actually know are less than sixteen (16) years of age in the preceding twelve (12) months.
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose:
Category A
Identifiers
Category B.
California Customer Records personal information categories.
Category D.
Commercial information.
Category F.
Internet or other similar network activity.
Category I.
Professional or employment-related information.
We disclose your personal information for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties (with the specific categories of personal information indicated in parenthesis):
Our affiliates. (Category A, B, D, F and I)
Service providers. (Category A, B, D, F and I)
The third party service providers that offer the products and services featured
on the Site. (Category A, B, D, F and I)
Third parties to whom you authorize us to disclose your personal information
in connection with the products and/or services that we provide to you.
(Category A, B, D, F and I)
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have sold the following categories of personal
information to third parties:
Category A
Identifiers
Category B.
California Customer Records personal information categories.
Category D.
Commercial information.
Category F.
Internet or other similar network activity.
Category I.
Professional or employment-related information.
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have sold the above referenced categories of personal information to the third party service providers that offer the products and services featured on the Site.
Your Rights and Choices
The CCPA provides CA Users (California residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
Opt-Out from the Sale of Your Personal Information
You have the right to opt-out of our sale of your personal information to third parties.
To exercise your right to opt-out of our sale of your personal information to third parties, please submit a verifiable CA User request to us by either:
Clicking here
Calling us at: (877) 913-5622;
Emailing us at: correspondence@elocal.com; or
Sending us U.S. mail to: eLocal.com, P.O. Box 495, Dresher, PA 19425.
We endeavor to act on all opt-out requests as soon as practicable, but in all cases within fifteen (15) days of the receipt of your request.
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past twelve (12) months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable CA User request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we have shared that personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).
If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:
sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and
disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
Deletion Request Rights
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable CA User request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our (their) records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service providers to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our obligations in connection with our contract with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech rights, ensure the right of another CA User to exercise their free speech rights or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 seq.).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information's deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research's achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with CA User expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Exercising Access, Data Portability and Deletion Rights
To exercise your access, data portability and/or deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable CA User request to us by either:
Clicking here
Calling us at: (877) 913-5622;
Emailing us at: correspondence@elocal.com; or
Sending us U.S. mail to: eLocal.com, P.O. Box 495, Dresher, PA 19425.
Only you or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable CA User request related to your personal information.
You may only make a verifiable CA User request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable CA User request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify that you are: (1) the person about whom we collected personal information; or (2) an authorized representative of the applicable CA User.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm that the personal information relates to you.
Making a verifiable CA User request does not require you to create an account with us.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable CA User request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request.
Response Timing and Format
We endeavor to respond to all verifiable CA User requests within forty-five (45) days of the receipt thereof.
If we require more time (up to ninety (90) days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.
We will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the twelve (12) month period preceding the receipt of your verifiable request.
The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.
For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable CA User request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded.
If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services;
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties;
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services; and/or
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Changes to these Provisions
We reserve the right to amend these Provisions in our discretion and at any time. When we make changes to these Provisions, we will notify you by email or through a notice on the Site’s homepage.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or comments about these Provisions, our Privacy Policy, the ways in which we collect and use your personal information, your choices and rights regarding such use, or wish to exercise your rights under California law, please do not hesitate to contact us by either:
Clicking here
Calling us at: (877) 913-5622;
Emailing us at: correspondence@elocal.com; or
Sending us U.S. mail to: eLocal.com, P.O. Box 495, Dresher, PA 19425.
Privacy Notice for California Residents
This Privacy Notice for California Residents (“Privacy Notice”) supplements the information contained in the eLocal Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy”) made available on the website located at www.elocal.com (the “Site”).
The Site is owned and operated by eLocal USA LLC (“Company,” “we,” “us” or “our”).
This Privacy Notice applies solely to residents of the State of California (“Users”).
We adopt this Privacy Notice in compliance with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”).
Any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this Privacy Notice.
Users with disabilities who wish to access this Privacy Notice in an alternative format can contact us by calling us at: (877) 913-5622; emailing us at: correspondence@elocal.com; or sending us U.S. mail to: eLocal.com, P.O. Box 495, Dresher, PA 19425.
Categories of Information We Collect
We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular CA User or device (“personal information”). In particular, we have collected the following categories of personal information from CA Users within the last twelve (12) months:
Category
Examples
Collected
A. Identifiers
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier,
Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, telephone number, or other
similar identifiers.
YES
B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records
statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description,
postal address, telephone number, passport number, driver's license or State
identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment,
employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or
any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance
information. Some personal information included in this category may overlap with
other categories.
YES
C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information).
NO
D. Commercial information.
Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered,
or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
YES
E. Biometric information.
Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data.
NO
F. Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a CA User's interaction with a website,
application or advertisement.
YES
G. Geolocation data.
Physical location or movements.
NO
H. Sensory data.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
NO
I. Professional or employment-related information.
Current or past job history or performance evaluations.
YES
J. Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).
Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records.
NO
K. Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
NO
Personal information does not include:
Publicly available information from government records.
De-identified or aggregated CA User information.
Information excluded from the CCPA's scope, such as:
health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability
Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA)
or clinical trial data; and
personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the
Fair Credit Reporting Act (FRCA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California
Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver's Privacy Protection Act of 1994.
We obtain the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories
of sources (with the specific categories of personal information indicated in parenthesis):
Directly from our CA Users. For example, from online registration forms that our CA Users
submit to us related to the products and/or services that we (and our third party service
providers) offer by and through the Site. (Category A, B, D and I)
Indirectly from our CA Users. For example, through information we collect from our CA Users
in the course of providing our products and/or services to them. (Category A, B, D, F and I)
Directly and indirectly from activity on the Site. This includes the type of browser that you
use (e.g., Safari, Chrome, Internet Explorer), your IP address, the type of operating system
that you use (e.g., Windows or iOS) and the domain name of your Internet Service Provider.
In addition, we obtain certain Site usage details and analytics as same are collected
automatically by us and our third party partners. (Category F)
From third-parties that interact with us in connection with the products and/or services
that we offer to our CA Users. For example, third party entities that assist us in sending
direct and electronic mail, removing duplicate information from CA User lists, analyzing data
and providing marketing analysis. (Category A, B, D, F and I)
From third-party data brokers or aggregators. (Category A, B, D and I)
From publicly available sources, such as Internet search engines.
Use of Personal Information
We may use or disclose the personal information that we collect for one or more of the following
business purposes (with the specific categories of personal information indicated in parenthesis):
To fulfill or meet the reason for which the information is provided. For example, if you provide
us with personal information in connection with your request for products and/or services from
the third party service providers featured on the Site, as well as information regarding the
other products and/or services featured on the Site, we will use that personal information to
better provide you with the requested information. (Category A, B, D and I)
To enable the third-party service providers featured on the Site to contact you regarding the
featured products and/or services. (Category A, B, D and I)
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us. (Category
A, B, D and I)
To create, maintain, customize and secure your account with us. (Category A, B, D, F and I)
To provide you with e-mail, direct mail and telemarketing messages concerning certain Company
products and/or services, as well as third-party products and/or services, that we believe may
be of interest to you. (Category A, B, D, F and I)
To deliver relevant Site content and advertisements to you and measure or understand the
effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you. (Category A, B, D, F and I)
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into
between you and us, including the Site’s Terms and Conditions. (Category A, B, D, F and I)
To improve the Site and better present its contents to you. (Category A, B, D, F and I)
For customer service purposes and to respond to inquiries from you. (Category A and B)
For testing, research, analysis and product development. (Category A, B, D, F and I)
As necessary or appropriate to protect our rights, property or safety, and that of our clients
or others. (Category A, B, D, F and I)
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or
governmental regulations. (Category A, B, D, F and I)
As described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in
the CCPA. (Category A, B, D, F and I)
To evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or
other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of
bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us is among
the assets transferred. (Category A, B, D, F and I)
We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated or incompatible purposes without providing you with notice.
Sharing Personal Information
Subject to your right to opt-out of such sharing/sale, we may share, rent and/or sell your personal information (Category A, B, D, F and I): (a) with/to the third party service providers that offer the products and services featured on the Site; and (b) for the other business purposes set forth above.
When we disclose personal information to a third party service provider or other entity, we enter into a contractual relationship that describes the purpose for which such third party may use the personal information and requires that third party to both keep the personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose other than the performance of its services under the applicable contract.
Please note, we do not collect information from CA Users that we actually know are less than eighteen (18) years of age and we do not share or sell the personal information of CA Users that we actually know are less than eighteen (18) years of age.
Without limiting the foregoing, we have not shared or sold the personal information of CA Users that we actually know are less than sixteen (16) years of age in the preceding twelve (12) months.
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose:
Category A
Identifiers
Category B.
California Customer Records personal information categories.
Category D.
Commercial information.
Category F.
Internet or other similar network activity.
Category I.
Professional or employment-related information.
We disclose your personal information for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties (with the specific categories of personal information indicated in parenthesis):
Our affiliates. (Category A, B, D, F and I)
Service providers. (Category A, B, D, F and I)
The third party service providers that offer the products and services featured
on the Site. (Category A, B, D, F and I)
Third parties to whom you authorize us to disclose your personal information
in connection with the products and/or services that we provide to you.
(Category A, B, D, F and I)
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have sold the following categories of personal
information to third parties:
Category A
Identifiers
Category B.
California Customer Records personal information categories.
Category D.
Commercial information.
Category F.
Internet or other similar network activity.
Category I.
Professional or employment-related information.
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have sold the above referenced categories of personal information to the third party service providers that offer the products and services featured on the Site.
Your Rights and Choices
The CCPA provides CA Users (California residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
Opt-Out from the Sale of Your Personal Information
You have the right to opt-out of our sale of your personal information to third parties.
To exercise your right to opt-out of our sale of your personal information to third parties, please submit a verifiable CA User request to us by either:
Clicking here
Calling us at: (877) 913-5622;
Emailing us at: correspondence@elocal.com; or
Sending us U.S. mail to: eLocal.com, P.O. Box 495, Dresher, PA 19425.
We endeavor to act on all opt-out requests as soon as practicable, but in all cases within fifteen (15) days of the receipt of your request.
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past twelve (12) months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable CA User request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we have shared that personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).
If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:
sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and
disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
Deletion Request Rights
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable CA User request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our (their) records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service providers to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our obligations in connection with our contract with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech rights, ensure the right of another CA User to exercise their free speech rights or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 seq.).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information's deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research's achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with CA User expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Exercising Access, Data Portability and Deletion Rights
To exercise your access, data portability and/or deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable CA User request to us by either:
Clicking here
Calling us at: (877) 913-5622;
Emailing us at: correspondence@elocal.com; or
Sending us U.S. mail to: eLocal.com, P.O. Box 495, Dresher, PA 19425.
Only you or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable CA User request related to your personal information.
You may only make a verifiable CA User request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable CA User request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify that you are: (1) the person about whom we collected personal information; or (2) an authorized representative of the applicable CA User.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm that the personal information relates to you.
Making a verifiable CA User request does not require you to create an account with us.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable CA User request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request.
Response Timing and Format
We endeavor to respond to all verifiable CA User requests within forty-five (45) days of the receipt thereof.
If we require more time (up to ninety (90) days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.
We will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the twelve (12) month period preceding the receipt of your verifiable request.
The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.
For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable CA User request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded.
If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services;
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties;
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services; and/or
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Changes to these Provisions
We reserve the right to amend these Provisions in our discretion and at any time. When we make changes to these Provisions, we will notify you by email or through a notice on the Site’s homepage.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or comments about these Provisions, our Privacy Policy, the ways in which we collect and use your personal information, your choices and rights regarding such use, or wish to exercise your rights under California law, please do not hesitate to contact us by either:
Clicking here
Calling us at: (877) 913-5622;
Emailing us at: correspondence@elocal.com; or
Sending us U.S. mail to: eLocal.com, P.O. Box 495, Dresher, PA 19425.
Thank you for visiting the eLocal™ website located at www.elocal.com (the "Site"). The Site is an Internet property of eLocal USA LLC ("eLocal™," "we," “our” or "us"). The following eLocal™ Website Terms and Conditions ("Terms and Conditions") shall incorporate and govern the eLocal™ Website Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy"), the eLocal Advertiser Terms ("
Advertiser Terms
") and any and all other applicable eLocal™ operating rules, policies, price schedules and other supplemental terms and conditions or documents that may be published from time to time (collectively, the "Agreement").
You agree, without limitation or qualification, to be bound by the terms of the Agreement in its entirety when you: (a) access the Site; (b) utilize the eLocal™ search directory ("Directory Service") in order to obtain search listings and related information (collectively, "Listings") regarding a variety of businesses, professionals, venues, products and/or services (collectively, "Third Party Offerings") as offered and provided by the third party business entities and professionals featured on the Site (collectively, "Third Party Service Providers"); (c) access articles, discussions and feedback on the eLocal™ Home Expert Network and/or eLocal™ Legal Resource Network (collectively, "Resource Network") and/or access other content on the Site (collectively, "Content"); (d) utilize the Site’s many interactive features designed to facilitate interaction between you, eLocal™, the "Contributors," "Expert Panelists," "Members" and "Ongoing Contributors" (collectively, "Network Participants") participating in the Resource Network and other Site users including, but not limited to, blogs, comment sections, reviews and question and answer options located in designated areas of the Site ("Interactive Services"); (e) register to submit a free Listing of your Third Party Offerings; (f) register for enhanced services ("Paid Advertiser Services") in connection with promoting your Third Party Offerings as an "Advertiser"; (g) participate in the eLocal™ Rewards Program ("Rewards Program"); and/or (h) access links to our social media pages on third party social media websites, such as Facebook®, Instagram®, LinkedIn® and Twitter® ("Social Media Pages," and together with the Site, Directory Services, Listings, Resource Network, Content, Interactive Services, Paid Advertiser Services, Rewards Program and Social Media Pages, the "eLocal™ Offerings").
PLEASE REVIEW THE AGREEMENT CAREFULLY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THE AGREEMENT IN THEIR ENTIRETY, YOU ARE NOT AUTHORIZED TO USE THE ELOCAL™ OFFERINGS IN ANY MANNER OR FORM.
NOTICE: THE AGREEMENT CONTAINS DISCLAIMERS OF WARRANTIES, LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY, RELEASES, A CLASS-ACTION WAIVER, AND THE REQUIREMENT TO ARBITRATE ANY AND ALL CLAIMS THAT MAY ARISE HEREUNDER AGAINST ELOCAL™, AS WELL AS ITS PARENT, SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATED COMPANIES, RELATED PARTIES, NETWORK PARTICIPANTS AND THIRD PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS (COLLECTIVELY, “COVERED PARTIES”), WHO ARE EXPRESS THIRD-PARTY BENEFICIARIES OF THE MANDATORY ARBITRATION PROVISION CONTAINED HEREIN. THE AFOREMENTIONED PROVISIONS ARE AN ESSENTIAL BASIS OF THE AGREEMENT.
NEW JERSEY STATE RESIDENTS ARE ENCOURAGED TO REVIEW THEIR RIGHTS UNDER THE AGREEMENT, AS PROVIDED UNDER THE NEW JERSEY TRUTH-IN-CONSUMER CONTRACT WARRANTY AND NOTICE ACT (“TCCWNA”).
You understand and agree that eLocal™ shall not be liable to you, any other Site User (as defined below) or any third party for any claim in connection with your use of, or inability to use, the eLocal™ Offerings. eLocal™ disclaims any and all liability for any loss, damage, or injury based on Site Content, Third Party Offerings or other products, services and information directly or indirectly obtained through the eLocal™ Offerings. You understand and agree that eLocal™ is not responsible or liable in any manner whatsoever for any dispute between you and any Site User.
Instagram® and Facebook® are registered trademarks of Facebook, Inc. ("Facebook").
LinkedIn® is a registered trademark of LinkedIn Corporation (“LinkedIn”).
Twitter® is a registered trademark of Twitter, Inc. ("Twitter"). Please be advised that eLocal™ is not in any way affiliated with Facebook, LinkedIn or Twitter, and the eLocal™ Offerings are not endorsed, administered or sponsored by any of the aforementioned entities.
Scope/Modification of Agreement.
The Agreement constitutes the entire and only agreement between you and eLocal™ with respect to your use of the eLocal™ Offerings, and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements, representations, warranties and/or understandings with respect to the Site. We may amend the Agreement from time to time in our sole discretion, without specific notice to you; provided, however, that: (a) any amendment or modification to the arbitration provisions, prohibition on class action provisions or any other provisions applicable to dispute resolution (collectively, "Dispute Resolution Provisions") shall not apply to any disputes incurred prior to the applicable amendment or modification; and (b) any amendment or modification to pricing and/or billing provisions ("Billing Provisions") shall not apply to any charges incurred prior to the applicable amendment or modification. The latest Agreement will be posted on the Site, and you should review the Agreement prior to using the eLocal™ Offerings. By your continued use of the eLocal™ Offerings, you hereby agree to comply with, and be bound by, all of the terms and conditions contained within the Agreement effective at that time (other than with respect to disputes arising prior to the amendment or modification of the Dispute Resolution Provisions, or charges incurred prior to the amendment or modification of the Billing Provisions, which shall be governed by the Dispute Resolution Provisions and/or Billing Provisions then in effect at the time of the subject dispute or incurred charges, as applicable). Unless explicitly stated otherwise, any future offer(s) made available to you on the Site that augment(s) or otherwise enhance(s) the current features of the eLocal™ Offerings shall be subject to the Agreement. If eLocal™ terminates the Agreement for any reason, eLocal™ shall have no liability or responsibility to you. You understand and agree that refusal to use the eLocal™ Offerings is your sole right and remedy with respect to any dispute with eLocal™. The Agreement only governs your use of the eLocal™ Offerings.
Non-Endorsement: Site Content and Site Users.
eLocal™ does not sponsor, recommend or endorse: (i) any Third Party Service Providers (including Advertisers) that are accessible by and through the Directory Service and/or Interactive Services; and/or (ii) any Network Participants that are accessible by and through the Resource Network and/or Interactive Services; and/or (iii) any Site visitors ("Visitors") that are accessible by and through the Resource Network and/or Interactive Services. The Site facilitates communication between Third Party Service Providers, Network Participants, Visitors and potential users of associated Third Party Offerings. Some of the Third Party Service Providers that are accessible by and through the Directory Service pay a fee for inclusion in the Directory Service.
The eLocal™ Offerings contain comments, opinions, statements, feedback and other content (collectively, "Feedback"), Listings, Content, Network Articles (as defined below), advertisements, responses, statements, promises and other information (collectively, "Site Content") that is provided directly by Third Party Service Providers, Network Participants, Visitors and any other parties that use the Site (collectively, "Site Users"). You agree that eLocal™ shall have no obligation and incur no liability to you in connection with any Feedback appearing in or through the Interactive Services. eLocal™ does not represent or warrant that the Feedback posted through the Interactive Services is accurate, complete or appropriate. Please use caution and common sense when using the Site and Directory Service. eLocal™ in no way endorses the Site Content made available by Site Users through the Interactive Services, Directory Service, Resource Network and/or any other eLocal™ Offerings. The Site Content and other information submitted or made available by Site Users is not verified or reviewed in any way before it appears on the Site or otherwise through the eLocal™ Offerings. eLocal™ does not warrant the validity or accuracy of any such Site Content. Each Site User shall be solely responsible for the Site Content posted by and through the eLocal™ Offerings. eLocal™ reserves the right to prohibit any conduct by Site Users or remove any Site Content from the eLocal™ Offerings at any time and for any reason, in eLocal’s™ sole discretion. The reasons for removal may include where eLocal™ believes that the Site Content posted by a Site User is unsuitable for the eLocal™ Offerings for any reason including, without limitation, where: (i) the Site Content contains or links to material that could be considered unlawful, harmful, threatening, defamatory, obscene, harassing or otherwise objectionable; (ii) the Site Content contains or links to material that infringes upon the trademark, trade name, service mark, copyright, license, or other intellectual property or proprietary right of any third party; (iii) eLocal™ believes that a Site User is, at any time, conducting any commercial activity by and through the Site; and/or (iv) eLocal™ believes that a Site User is in violation of the Agreement including, without limitation, Section 12 below.
eLocal™ does not involve itself in the agreements arrived at by and between Visitors and Third Party Service Providers, or in the actual provision of Third Party Offerings in connection with the relationships created thereby. Therefore, eLocal™ does not make any representations regarding the competency, trustworthiness, honesty, integrity and/or behavior of either its Visitors or Third Party Service Providers. Visitors, and not eLocal™, are solely responsible for assessing the competency, trustworthiness, honesty and integrity of all Third Party Service Providers that such Visitors contact via the Directory Service.
Terms Applicable to Attorney Listings.
eLocal™ is not a law firm or a lawyer referral service. As such, eLocal™ offers no legal advice, recommendations, mediation or counseling in connection with any legal matter, under any circumstances, and nothing we do and no element of the Site, Directory Service or other eLocal™ Offerings should be construed as such. You should always check with your attorney, accountant and/or other advisors to be sure that any legal advice, law-related Third Party Offerings, law-related Site Content or other legal products and/or services available by and through the eLocal™ Offerings (collectively, "Legal Services") is/are appropriate for you.
The Site provides paid attorney advertising to those attorneys that are registered as Third Party Service Providers ("Third Party Legal Professionals"). Some of the Third Party Legal Professionals that are accessible by and through the Directory Service pay a fee for inclusion in the Directory Service. eLocal™ does not receive any portion of any Third Party Legal Professional’s fees.
Any use of the Directory Service by Site Users is not intended to, and will not create, an attorney-client relationship between any such Site Users and eLocal™. Without limiting the foregoing, any information submitted to eLocal™ and/or any electronic or other communication sent to eLocal™ will not create, or be covered by, an attorney-client relationship between Site Users and eLocal™ or any Third Party Legal Professionals.
The Site facilitates communication between Third Party Legal Professionals and potential users of associated Legal Services. eLocal™ does not guarantee that Site Users will successfully find legal representation through the Directory Service. The determination of the need for legal services and the choice of legal representation are extremely important decisions and should not be based solely on advertisements, claims of expertise or cost offered by any Third Party Legal Professional.
eLocal™ does not review the standing of any Third Party Legal Professionals with any regulatory authority or bar association. Therefore, eLocal™ makes no representation regarding the status, standing or ability of any Third Party Legal Professional. When considering retaining a Third Party Legal Professional, Site Users should ask for free background information from that Third Party Legal Professional and check that Third Party Legal Professional’s standing with the applicable state bar association. eLocal™ is not responsible for, and in no way endorses, any description or indication of specialization or limitation of practice by any Third Party Legal Professionals that are accessible through the Directory Service. Please be aware that no agency or board may have certified such Third Party Legal Professional as a specialist or expert in any indicated field of law practice. In addition, a Third Party Legal Professional claiming specialization is not necessarily any more expert or competent than other legal professionals. Site Users should make an independent investigation, confirm and verify all claims made by Third Party Legal Professionals. Site Users are encouraged to use caution when reviewing any information submitted by Third Party Legal Professionals. Except where otherwise indicated, the Third Party Legal Professionals are not certified by the Florida State Bar Board of Legal Specialization and Education, the Texas State Board of Legal Specialization ("Not Certified by the Texas Board of Legal Specialization"), or any other entity or body.
Laws vary across legal jurisdictions and may be subject to interpretation by different courts. Laws are also very specific to individual facts and circumstances, and the law-related Site Content may not fit your particular circumstance. The law-related Site Content is provided for informational purposes only, and may not reflect current legal developments or variances in the law of different jurisdictions. The law-related Site Content does not necessarily reflect the opinions of any Third Party Legal Professionals, their partners, clients or affiliates.
Certain Listings and other law-related Site Content may include descriptions of successful lawsuits brought by Third Party Legal Professionals. These descriptions are not meant to create any unjustified expectations that similar results can be obtained for others, because each case is determined on its own specific factual and legal circumstances. No Third Party Legal Professional can guarantee the success of a case, and past successes, even in very similar lawsuits, do not mean that success in a subsequent case is guaranteed or even likely. Results depend upon a variety of factors unique to each case.
ADDITIONAL STATE SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES:
Alabama
No representation is made that the quality of the Legal Services to be performed by the Third Party Legal Professionals is greater than the quality of legal services performed by other attorneys.
Alaska
The Alaska Bar Association does not accredit or endorse certifying organizations.
Florida
eLocal™ operates as a "Lawyer Directory" as defined under Florida Rule 4-7.23.
Hawaii
There is no procedure for review or approval of specialist certification organizations in Hawaii.
Illinois
The Supreme Court of Illinois does not recognize certifications of specialties in the practice of law and such a certificate, award or recognition is not a requirement to practice law in Illinois.
Iowa
Memberships and offices in legal fraternities and legal societies, technical and professional licenses, and memberships in scientific, technical and professional associations and societies of law or field of practice do not mean that a Third Party Legal Professional is a specialist or expert in a field of law, nor do they mean that such Third Party Legal Professional is necessarily any more expert or competent than any other lawyer. A description or indication of limitation of practice does not mean that any agency or board has certified such Third Party Legal Professional as a specialist or expert in an indicated field of law practice, nor does it mean that such Third Party Legal Professional is necessarily any more expert or competent than any other lawyer.
Kentucky
THIS IS AN ADVERTISEMENT.
Massachusetts
If a Massachusetts Third Party Legal Professional holds himself or herself out as "certified" in a particular service, field or area of law by a non-governmental body, the certifying organization is a private organization, whose standards for certification are not regulated by the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.
Mississippi
Free background information is available upon request for any Mississippi Third Party Legal Professional. The listing of any area of practice by a Mississippi Third Party Legal Professional does not indicate any certification of expertise therein.
Missouri
Neither the Supreme Court of Missouri, nor the Missouri Bar, reviews or approves certifying organizations or specialist designations.
Nevada
Neither the State Bar of Nevada, nor any agency of the State Bar, has certified any Third Party Legal Professional identified here as a specialist or as an expert.
New Jersey
Any certification as a specialist, or any certification in a field of practice, that does not state that such certification has been granted by the Supreme Court of the State of New Jersey or by an organization that has been approved by the American Bar Association, indicates that the certifying organization has not been approved, or has been denied approval, by the Supreme Court of the State of New Jersey and the American Bar Association.
New Mexico
Any certification by an organization other than the New Mexico Board of Legal Specialization does not constitute recognition by the New Mexico Board of Legal Specialization, unless the Third Party Legal Professional is also recognized by the Board as a specialist in that area of law.
New York
Prior results obtained by Third Party Legal Professionals do not guarantee a similar outcome.
Rhode Island
The Rhode Island Supreme Court does not license or certify any Third Party Legal Professional as an expert or specialist in any field of practice.
Tennessee
Unless otherwise indicated, Tennessee Third Party Legal Professionals are not certified as specialists by the Tennessee Commission on Continuing Legal Education and Specialization in the areas of practice listed on their Listings.
Texas
Unless otherwise indicated, Texas Third Party Legal Professionals are Not Certified by the Texas Board of Legal Specialization in the areas of practice listed on their Listings.
Washington
The Supreme Court of Washington does not recognize certification of specialties in the practice of law. Any certificate, award or recognition by a group, organization or association used by a Washington Third Party Legal Professional to describe his or her qualifications as a lawyer or qualifications in any subspecialty of law is not a requirement to practice law in the State of Washington.
Wyoming
The Wyoming State Bar does not certify any Third Party Legal Professional as a specialist or expert.
Requirements.
The eLocal™ Offerings are available only to individuals who can enter into legally binding contracts under applicable law. The eLocal™ Offerings are not intended for use by individuals under eighteen (18) years of age (or the applicable age of majority, if greater than eighteen (18) years of age in their respective jurisdictions). If you are under eighteen (18) years of age (or the applicable age of majority, if greater than eighteen (18) years of age in your jurisdiction), you do not have permission to use and/or access the eLocal™ Offerings.
Directory Service.
Please be advised that eLocal™ does not itself provide any underlying products and/or services, and the ultimate terms and conditions of any Third Party Offerings will be determined by the applicable Third Party Service Providers.
Please be advised that eLocal™ does not itself provide any underlying products and/or services, and the ultimate terms and conditions of any Third Party Offerings will be determined by the applicable Third Party Service Providers.
To receive information regarding Third Party Service Providers, you must first fully complete the registration forms located on the Site (collectively, the "Site Form"). The information that you must supply on the Site Form includes, but is not limited to: (i) your zip code; (ii) the category applicable to your inquiry, if any; and/or (iii) any other information requested on the Site Form (collectively, the "Directory Registration Data"). You agree to provide true, accurate, current and complete Directory Registration Data and to update your Directory Registration Data as necessary in order to maintain it in a current and accurate fashion. eLocal’s™ use of the Directory Registration Data shall be governed by the Privacy Policy.
Please be advised that the Directory Registration Data submitted by you, and any and all other information provided by you to eLocal™ is not protected by the attorney-client privilege, and submitting this information does not create an attorney-client relationship.
Upon entering your Directory Registration Data and clicking on the applicable submission button on the Site, you may be provided additional information regarding participating Third Party Service Providers that are located in your designated geographic area that you can choose to contact or be contacted by. Upon your request to contact, or be contacted by, any of the applicable Third Party Service Providers, eLocal™ may transfer all or some of your Directory Registration Data to the applicable Third Party Service Provider(s) in connection with facilitating your request for Third Party Offerings from same.
Please be advised that selecting a Third Party Legal Professional to contact, or be contacted by, does not create an attorney-client relationship.
You understand and agree that eLocal™ shall not be liable to you or any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuation of any service offered by any Third Party Service Provider.
Listings/Free Listings.
Subject to the terms and conditions of the Agreement, as well as the
Advertiser Terms
that you agree to in their entirety when you submit Listings for display to Site Users, by registering on the Site, agreeing to the Agreement and receiving approval from eLocal™, you (acting as a Third Party Service Provider) can submit, or attempt to submit, Listings for display to Site Users that conduct searches by and through the Directory Services. To submit a Listing, you must first fully complete the applicable Site Form. The information that you must supply on the Site Form includes, but is not limited to: (a) your company name; (b) your company’s address; (c) your business telephone number; (d) categories that apply to your company’s business practice, if applicable; (e) at your option, your business profile and link to your company’s website; and/or (f) any other information requested on the Site Form (collectively, the "Listing Registration Data"). You agree to provide true, accurate, current and complete Listing Registration Data and to update your Listing Registration Data as necessary in order to maintain it in a current and accurate fashion. eLocal’s™ use of the Listing Registration Data shall be governed by the Privacy Policy.
The Listings contain descriptions that are provided directly by the applicable Third Party Service Providers, or the manufacturers or distributors of the Third Party Offerings featured in the Listings, as applicable. eLocal™ does not represent or warrant that the descriptions of such items are accurate or complete. As a result, eLocal™ has no control over: (i) the quality, safety or legality of the Third Party Offerings; (ii) the truth or accuracy of the Listings; and/or (iii) the ability of the applicable Third Party Service Providers to sell the Third Party Offerings. Do not assume that the offer, sale, purchase, export or import of any Third Party Offerings is valid and legal simply because it is listed on the Site. We are not responsible for ensuring that the applicable Third Party Service Provider actually completes a transaction. Where you submit a Listing by and through the Site, you represent and warrant that: (A) all content in the Listing is accurate, complete and current; (B) you have all necessary rights, power and authority to publish the Listing; (C) the Listing, and any website listed in, or linked to from, the Listing: (I) complies with all applicable laws and regulations; (II) does not infringe upon, misappropriate or otherwise violate any copyright, patent, trademark, service mark, trade secret or other intellectual property right of any third party; (III) does not violate the rights of any person or entity, including rights of publicity or privacy, and is not defamatory; and (IV) does not result in consumer fraud (including being false or misleading), product liability, tort, breach of contract, injury, damage or harm of any kind to any person or entity; and (D) you possess documents that substantiate all claims, express and implied, contained within the Listing.
Paid Advertiser Services.
Subject to the terms and conditions of the Agreement, as well as the
Advertiser Terms
that you agree to in their entirety when you register to become an Advertiser, by registering on the Site and receiving approval from eLocal™, you can obtain, or attempt to obtain, for a fee, access to the Paid Advertiser Services as an Advertiser. All payment terms associated with the Paid Advertiser Services shall be set forth in the Advertiser Terms.
Please review the terms and conditions of the
Advertiser Terms
carefully before proceeding with registration. Advertisers are subject to the same obligations, terms and conditions as apply to Third Party Service Providers under the Agreement including, without limitation, those applicable to Listings set forth in Section 6 above. To submit a Listing, you must first fully complete the applicable Site Form on the Site, or via telephone with an eLocal™ representative. The information that you must supply on the Site Form includes, but is not limited to: (a) your company name; (b) your company’s address; (c) your business telephone number; (d) categories that apply to your company’s business practice, if applicable; (e) at your option, your mobile telephone number; (f) at your option, your business profile and link to your company’s website; (g) your credit card information; and/or (h) any other information requested on the Site Form (collectively, the "Advertiser Registration Data"). You agree to provide true, accurate, current and complete Advertiser Registration Data and to update your Advertiser Registration Data as necessary in order to maintain it in a current and accurate fashion. eLocal’s™ use of the Advertiser Registration Data shall be governed by the Privacy Policy.
Resource Network.
The Resource Network features ongoing, interactive conversations, discussions and forums surrounding articles ("Network Articles") on a broad range of topics as submitted by registered Network Participants and/or permitted guests. Visitors may be permitted to post Feedback at the end of Network Articles. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Agreement, by sending eLocal™ a request to: (a)
HomeExpertNetwork@eLocal.com,
agreeing to the Agreement and receiving approval from eLocal™, you may be granted access to the Home Expert Network as an Ongoing Contributor or Expert Panelist; and/or (b)
LegalResourceNetwork@eLocal.com,
you may be granted access to the Legal Resource Network as an Contributor or Member. To become a Network Participant, you must provide certain information to the applicable eLocal™ representative (collectively, the "Network Registration Data" and together with the Directory Registration Data, Listing Registration Data and Advertiser Registration Data, the "Registration Data"). You agree to provide true, accurate, current and complete Network Registration Data and to update your Network Registration Data as necessary in order to maintain it in a current and accurate fashion. eLocal’s™ use of Network Registration Data shall be governed by the Privacy Policy.
The Network Articles are provided directly by the applicable Network Participants. eLocal™ does not represent or warrant that the Network Articles are accurate or complete. As a result, eLocal™ has no control over: (a) the quality, safety or legality of the Network Articles; and/or (b) the truth or accuracy of the Network Articles. Where you submit a Network Article by and through the Site, you represent and warrant that: (i) all content in the Network Article is accurate, complete and current; (ii) you have all necessary rights, power and authority to publish the Network Article (and grant eLocal™ the rights to publish and use same as contemplated hereunder); (iii) the Network Article, and any website listed in, or linked to from, the Network Article: (A) complies with all applicable laws, rules and regulations including, without limitation, the Federal Trade Commission Guidelines Concerning the Use of Endorsements and Testimonials; (B) does not infringe upon, misappropriate or otherwise violate any copyright, patent, trademark, service mark, trade secret or other intellectual property right of any third party; (C) does not violate the rights of any person or entity, including rights of publicity or privacy, and is not defamatory; and (D) does not result in consumer fraud (including being false or misleading), product liability, tort, breach of contract, injury, damage or harm of any kind to any person or entity; and (iv) you possess documents that substantiate all claims, express and implied, contained within the Network Article.
Content.
Subject to the terms and conditions of the Agreement, end-users that possess the requisite technology shall have the opportunity to view, download and/or interact with all or some of the Content made available by and through the Site and/or other eLocal™ Offerings. The Content is compiled, distributed and displayed by eLocal™, as well as various third-party content providers including, without limitation, Third Party Service Providers, Visitors and Network Participants ("Third-Party Providers"). eLocal™ does not control the Content provided by Third-Party Providers that is made available by and through the eLocal™ Offerings. Such Third-Party Providers are solely responsible for the accuracy, completeness, appropriateness and/or usefulness of such Content. The Content should not necessarily be relied upon. eLocal™ does not represent or warrant that the Content and other information posted by and through the eLocal™ Offerings is accurate, complete, up-to-date or appropriate. You understand and agree that eLocal™ shall not be responsible for, and eLocal™ undertakes no responsibility to monitor or otherwise police, Content provided by Third-Party Providers.
You agree that eLocal™ shall have no obligation and incur no liability to you in connection with any Content. You may find certain Content to be outdated, harmful, inaccurate and/or deceptive. Please use caution, common sense and safety when using the Content.
Social Media Pages.
The Site contains links to various eLocal™ Social Media Pages. The Social Media Pages are hosted and made available on third party websites ("Social Media Websites") by third party entities. Your use of Social Media Pages and Social Media Websites shall be governed by the applicable terms and conditions of those Social Media Websites.
You understand and agree that eLocal™ shall not be liable to you, any other end-user or any third party for any claim in connection with your use of, or inability to use, the Social Media Pages and/or Social Media Websites.
Interactive Services.
Subject to the restrictions set forth herein, the Interactive Services will allow you to participate in, and provide Feedback in connection with, Network Articles comment sections, blogs, message boards, question and answer areas and other interactive areas of the Site.
Site Content Submission Guidelines.
All Site Content that you submit through or in association with the eLocal™ Offerings including, without limitation, the Registration Data, Feedback, Listings, Content, Network Articles, advertisements, responses, statements, promises or other information, shall be subject to the Privacy Policy. For a copy of the Privacy Policy, please
click here.
By submitting such Site Content to us, you: (a) represent and warrant that eLocal’s™ use of your submission does not and will not breach any agreement, violate any law or infringe upon any third party’s rights; (b) agree that eLocal™ is free to use in any manner all or part of the content of any such Site Content or other materials in perpetuity, on an unrestricted basis without the obligation to notify, identify or compensate you or anyone else; and (c) grant eLocal™ all necessary rights, including a waiver of all copyright, trademark, privacy and moral rights, to use all Site Content and/or materials, in whole or in part, or as a derivative work, without any duty by eLocal™ to anyone whatsoever. eLocal™ does not accept unsolicited ideas, works or other materials and you acknowledge that you are responsible for, and bear all risk as to the use or distribution of, any such ideas, works and/or materials.
You agree that you are solely responsible for the Site Content that you publish, transmit and/or post by and through the eLocal™ Offerings. You agree to use the eLocal™ Offerings in full compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations. In connection with your use of the eLocal™ Offerings, and submission of Site Content, you agree not to: (i) display any telephone numbers, street addresses, last names, URLs, e-mail addresses or any confidential information of any third party; (ii) display any audio files, text, photographs, videos or other images containing confidential information; (iii) display any audio files, text, photographs, videos or other images that may be deemed indecent or obscene in your community, as defined under applicable law; (iv) impersonate any person or entity; (v) "stalk" or otherwise harass any person; (vi) engage in unauthorized advertising to, or commercial solicitation of, Site Users; (vii) transmit any chain letters, spam or junk e-mail to Site Users or other parties; (viii) express or imply that any statements you make are endorsed by eLocal™; (ix) harvest or collect personal information of Site Users whether or not for commercial purposes, without their express consent; (x) use any robot, spider, site search/retrieval application, or other manual or automatic device or process to retrieve, index, "data mine," or in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the Site or its contents; (xi) post, distribute or reproduce in any way any copyrighted material, trademarks or other proprietary information without obtaining the prior consent of the owner of such proprietary rights; (xii) remove any copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights notices contained in the eLocal™ Offerings; (xiii) interfere with or disrupt any of the eLocal™ Offerings and/or the servers or networks connected to same; (xiv) post, offer for download, e-mail or otherwise transmit any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment; (xv) post, offer for download, transmit, promote or otherwise make available any software, product or service that is illegal or that violates the rights of a third party including, but not limited to, spyware, adware, programs designed to send unsolicited advertisements (i.e. "spamware"), services that send unsolicited advertisements, programs designed to initiate "denial of service" attacks, mail bomb programs and programs designed to gain unauthorized access to networks on the Internet; (xvi) "frame" or "mirror" any part of the eLocal™ Offerings; (xvii) use metatags or code or other devices containing any reference to the eLocal™ Offerings in order to direct any person to any other website for any purpose; and/or (xviii) modify, adapt, sublicense, translate, sell, reverse engineer, decipher, decompile or otherwise disassemble any portion of the eLocal™ Offerings or any software used on or in connection with same. Engaging in any of the aforementioned prohibited practices shall be deemed a breach of the Agreement and may result in the immediate termination of your access to some or all of the eLocal™ Offerings without notice, in the sole discretion of eLocal™. eLocal™ reserves the right to pursue any and all legal remedies against Site Users that engage in the aforementioned prohibited conduct.
License Grant.
As a user of the Site, you are granted a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable and limited license to access and use the eLocal™ Offerings and associated content in accordance with the Agreement. eLocal™ may terminate this license at any time for any reason. Other than where expressly permitted by eLocal™, you may only use the eLocal™ Offerings on one computer for your own personal, non-commercial use. No part of the eLocal™ Offerings may be reproduced in any form or incorporated into any information retrieval system, electronic or mechanical. You may not use, copy, emulate, clone, rent, lease, sell, modify, decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer or transfer the eLocal™ Offerings or any portion thereof. eLocal™ reserves all rights not explicitly granted in the Agreement. You may not use any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the eLocal™ Offerings. You may not take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on eLocal™ infrastructure. Your right to use the eLocal™ Offerings is not transferable.
Proprietary Rights.
The content, organization, graphics, design, compilation, magnetic translation, digital conversion, software, services and other matters related to the eLocal™ Offerings are protected under applicable copyright, trademark and other proprietary (including, but not limited to, intellectual property) rights. The copying, redistribution, publication or sale by you of any part of the eLocal™ Offerings is strictly prohibited. Systematic retrieval of material from the Site by automated means or any other form of scraping or data extraction in order to create or compile, directly or indirectly, a collection, compilation, database or directory without written permission from eLocal™ is prohibited. You do not acquire ownership rights in or to any content, document, software, services or other materials viewed at the Site or through the eLocal™ Offerings. The posting of information or material on the Site by eLocal™ does not constitute a waiver of any right in or to such information and/or materials. The "eLocal" name and logo, and all associated graphics, icons and service names, are trademarks of eLocal™ USA LLC. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. The use of any trademark without the applicable trademark owner’s express written consent is strictly prohibited.
Editing, Deleting and Modification.
We reserve the right in our sole discretion to edit and/or delete any documents, information or other content appearing on the Site.
Legal Warning.
Any attempt by any individual, whether or not a eLocal™ customer, to damage, destroy, tamper with, vandalize and/or otherwise interfere with the operation of the eLocal™ Offerings, is a violation of criminal and civil law and eLocal™ will diligently pursue any and all remedies in this regard against any offending individual or entity to the fullest extent permissible by law and in equity.
Indemnification.
You agree to indemnify and hold eLocal™, its parents, subsidiaries and affiliates, and each of their respective members, officers, directors, employees, agents, co-navbar-branders and/or other partners, harmless from and against any and all claims, expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees), damages, suits, costs, demands and/or judgments whatsoever, made by any third party due to or arising out of: (a) your use of the eLocal™ Offerings; (b) your breach of the Agreement; (c) any dispute between you and any Site User or third party; and/or (d) your violation of any rights of another individual and/or entity. The provisions of this Section 17 are for the benefit of eLocal™, its parents, subsidiaries and/or affiliates, and each of their respective officers, directors, members, employees, agents, shareholders, licensors, suppliers and/or attorneys. Each of these individuals and entities shall have the right to assert and enforce these provisions directly against you on its own behalf.
Disclaimer of Warranties.
THE ELOCAL™ OFFERINGS AND/OR ANY OTHER PRODUCTS AND/OR SERVICES THAT YOU MAY APPLY FOR THROUGH SAME ARE PROVIDED TO YOU ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS AND ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS AND IMPLIED, ARE DISCLAIMED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE DISCLAIMER OF ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AND/OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE). IN PARTICULAR, BUT NOT AS A LIMITATION THEREOF, ELOCAL™ MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT: (A) THE ELOCAL™ OFFERINGS AND/OR ANY OTHER PRODUCTS AND/OR SERVICES THAT YOU MAY APPLY FOR THROUGH SAME WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS; (B) THE ELOCAL™ OFFERINGS AND/OR ANY OTHER PRODUCTS AND/OR SERVICES THAT YOU MAY APPLY FOR THROUGH SAME WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE OR ERROR-FREE; (C) YOU WILL QUALIFY FOR THIRD PARTY OFFERINGS FROM ANY THIRD PARTY SERVICE PROVIDER; OR (D) THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE ELOCAL™ OFFERINGS AND/OR ANY OTHER PRODUCTS AND/OR SERVICES THAT YOU MAY APPLY FOR THROUGH SAME WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE. THE ELOCAL™ OFFERINGS AND/OR ANY OTHER PRODUCTS AND/OR SERVICES THAT YOU MAY APPLY FOR THROUGH SAME MAY CONTAIN BUGS, ERRORS, PROBLEMS OR OTHER LIMITATIONS. WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR THE AVAILABILITY OF THE UNDERLYING INTERNET CONNECTION ASSOCIATED WITH THE SITE. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM ELOCAL™, ANY SITE USER OR OTHERWISE THROUGH OR FROM THE ELOCAL™ OFFERINGS, SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THE AGREEMENT.
Limitation of Liability.
YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT ELOCAL™ SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL AND/OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES (EVEN IF ELOCAL™ HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES), TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY LAW FOR: (A) THE USE OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE ELOCAL™ OFFERINGS AND/OR ANY OTHER PRODUCTS AND/OR SERVICES THAT YOU MAY APPLY FOR THROUGH SAME; (B) THE COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS AND SERVICES RESULTING FROM ANY GOODS, DATA, INFORMATION AND/OR SERVICES PURCHASED OR OBTAINED FROM, OR TRANSACTIONS ENTERED INTO THROUGH, THE ELOCAL™ OFFERINGS; (C) THE FAILURE TO QUALIFY FOR THIRD PARTY OFFERINGS FROM ANY THIRD PARTY SERVICE PROVIDER; (D) THE UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO, OR ALTERATION OF, YOUR REGISTRATION DATA; AND (E) ANY OTHER MATTER RELATING TO THE ELOCAL™ OFFERINGS AND/OR ANY OTHER PRODUCTS AND/OR SERVICES THAT YOU MAY APPLY FOR THROUGH SAME. THIS LIMITATION APPLIES TO ALL CAUSES OF ACTION, IN THE AGGREGATE INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, BREACH OF CONTRACT, BREACH OF WARRANTY, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, MISREPRESENTATIONS AND ANY AND ALL OTHER TORTS. YOU HEREBY RELEASE ELOCAL™ FROM ANY AND ALL OBLIGATIONS, LIABILITIES AND CLAIMS IN EXCESS OF THE LIMITATIONS STATED HEREIN. IF APPLICABLE LAW DOES NOT PERMIT SUCH LIMITATIONS, THE MAXIMUM LIABILITY OF ELOCAL™ TO YOU UNDER ANY AND ALL CIRCUMSTANCES WILL BE FIVE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($500.00). THE NEGATION OF DAMAGES SET FORTH ABOVE IS A FUNDAMENTAL ELEMENT OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN YOU AND ELOCAL™. THE ELOCAL™ OFFERINGS AND/OR ANY OTHER PRODUCTS AND/OR SERVICES THAT YOU MAY APPLY FOR THROUGH SAME WOULD NOT BE PROVIDED TO YOU WITHOUT SUCH LIMITATIONS.
SOME JURISDICTIONS, SUCH AS NEW JERSEY, MAY NOT ALLOW CERTAIN LIMITATIONS ON LIABILITY AND IN SUCH JURISDICTIONS THE LIABILITY OF ELOCAL™ SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.
Third Party Websites.
The Site may provide links to and/or refer you to other Internet websites and/or resources including, but not limited to, certain Site User websites and/or Social Media Websites. Because eLocal™ has no control over such third party websites and/or resources, you hereby acknowledge and agree that eLocal™ is not responsible for the availability of such third party websites and/or resources. Furthermore, eLocal™ does not endorse, and is not responsible or liable for, any terms and conditions, privacy policies, content, advertising, services, products and/or other materials at or available from such third party websites or resources, or for any damages and/or losses arising therefrom.
Dispute Resolution Provisions.
The Agreement shall be treated as though it were executed and performed in New York, New York and shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York (without regard to conflict of law principles).
You hereby agree to arbitrate all claims that may arise under the Agreement that you may have against eLocal™ or any of the Covered Parties, who are express third-party beneficiaries of the mandatory arbitration provision.
Without limiting the foregoing, should a dispute arise between you and eLocal™ and/or any Covered Party including, without limitation, any matter concerning the eLocal™ Offerings, terms and conditions of the Agreement or the breach of same by any party hereto: (a) the parties agree to submit their dispute for resolution by arbitration before the American Arbitration Association (the “AAA”) in New York, New York or the county of your residence, in accordance with the then current Commercial Arbitration rules of the AAA; and (b) you agree to first commence a formal dispute proceeding by completing and submitting an Initial Dispute Notice which can be found
here.
We may choose to provide you with a final written settlement offer after receiving your Initial Dispute Notice ("Final Settlement Offer"). If we provide you with a Final Settlement Offer and you do not accept it, or we cannot otherwise satisfactorily resolve your dispute, but you still wish to proceed with your dispute, you must submit your dispute for resolution by arbitration before the AAA as set forth above, by filing a separate Demand for Arbitration, which is available
here.
For claims of Ten Thousand Dollars ($10,000.00) or less, you can choose whether the arbitration proceeds in person, by telephone or based only on submissions. If the arbitrator awards you relief that is greater than our Final Settlement Offer, then we will pay all filing, administration and arbitrator fees associated with the arbitration and, if you retained an attorney to represent you in connection with the arbitration, we will reimburse any reasonable attorneys’ fees that your attorney accrued for investigating, preparing and pursuing the claim in arbitration. Any award rendered shall be final and conclusive to the parties and a judgment thereon may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. Although we may have a right to an award of attorneys’ fees and expenses if we prevail in arbitration, we will not seek such an award from you unless the arbitrator determines that your claim was frivolous.
To the extent permitted by law, you agree that you will not bring, join or participate in any class action lawsuit as to any claim, dispute or controversy that you may have against eLocal™ and/or any Covered Party. You agree to the entry of injunctive relief to stop such a lawsuit or to remove you as a participant in the suit. You agree to pay the attorney’s fees and court costs that eLocal™ and/or any Covered Party incurs in seeking such relief. This provision preventing you from bringing, joining or participating in class action lawsuits: (i) does not constitute a waiver of any of your rights or remedies to pursue a claim individually and not as a class action in binding arbitration as provided above; and (ii) is an independent agreement. You may opt-out of these dispute resolution provisions by providing written notice of your decision within thirty (30) days of the date that you first access the Site.
Miscellaneous.
Should any part of the Agreement be held invalid or unenforceable, that portion shall be construed consistent with applicable law and the remaining portions shall remain in full force and effect. To the extent that anything in or associated with any eLocal™ Offerings is in conflict or inconsistent with the Agreement, the Agreement shall take precedence. Our failure to enforce any provision of the Agreement shall not be deemed a waiver of such provision nor of the right to enforce such provision. The parties do not intend that any agency or partnership relationship be created through operation of the Agreement. eLocal™ may assign its rights and obligations under the Agreement, in whole or in part, to any party at any time without any notice to you. The Agreement may not, however, be assigned by you, and you may not delegate your duties under it.
Headings are for reference purposes only and in no way define, limit, construe or describe the scope or extent of such section.
California End-User Consumer Rights.
In accordance with Cal. Civ. Code Sec. 1789.3, California State resident Users may file grievances and complaints with the California Department of Consumer Affairs, 400 R Street, Ste. 1080, Sacramento, CA 95814; or by phone at 916-445-1254 or 800-952-5210; or by email to dca@dca.ca.gov.
Contact Us.
If you have any questions regarding the Agreement, or would like more information from eLocal™, please contact us at using our
contact form;
or call us at: 1-877-91-ELOCAL.
Please check back for employment opportunities.
The following eLocal™ Advertiser Terms (the "Advertiser Terms"), together with the eLocal™ Website Terms and Conditions ("Terms and Conditions"), eLocal™ Website Privacy Policy and any and all other applicable eLocal™ operating rules, policies, price schedules and other supplemental terms and conditions or documents that may be published from time to time (collectively, the "Agreement"), shall govern your ability to submit free Listings on the Site and/or to use of the Paid Advertiser Services (including submitting Listings for publication by eLocal™ on Distribution Sites (as defined below) in connection therewith).
These Advertiser Terms are hereby incorporated into the Agreement, and any and all terms and conditions contained therein shall apply to these Advertiser Terms.
Where there is a conflict between the terms and conditions of these Advertiser Terms and those of the Agreement in connection with the Paid Advertiser Services and/or submission of free Listings, these Advertiser Terms shall govern in all respects.
Capitalized terms that are used but not defined herein shall have the meaning set forth in the Terms and Conditions.
To help manage your account and Paid Advertiser Services, eLocal™ provides a business user login and interface to access details about your program (“Program Summary”), your business profile as displayed on www.elocal.com, details of calls and leads provided under your program, billing information, and certain other information about your account (collectively, the “Business User Dashboard”).
Please review these Advertiser Terms, and the Agreement, carefully, prior to submitting free Listings and/or utilizing the Paid Advertiser Services.
If you do not agree to the terms of these Advertiser Terms, and the Agreement, in their respective entirety, you are not authorized to submit free Listings and/or utilize the Paid Advertiser Services or Business User Dashboard.
YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT ELOCAL™ IS NOT RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER FOR YOUR INABILITY TO SUBMIT FREE LISTINGS AND/OR UTILIZE THE PAID ADVERTISER SERVICES OR BUSINESS USER DASHBOARD.
Leads/Distribution Sites.
As an Advertiser or Third Party Service Provider, as applicable, you may receive self-reported data leads and/or telephone calls from: (a) Site Users; (b) users on Distribution Sites; or (c) users from eLocal™ third party marketing partners, that have expressed an interest in your Listing specifically or in your business type and/or your Third Party Offerings generally (each individual item referred to as a "Lead").
You may only use the Lead and associated data to contact the subject Lead regarding that Lead’s specific request with respect to your Listing, business type and/or Third Party Offerings, as applicable ("Lead Request").
You may not market, solicit, transfer, share, sell, rent or otherwise utilize any Lead other than to respond directly to the subject Lead regarding the applicable Lead Request.
You understand and agree that eLocal™ may provide your Listing to eLocal™-operated and/or third party
online and offline venues, including other online or offline directories or 411 type services (collectively, "Distribution Sites").
TCPA Compliance.
Where you intend to contact any Leads collected by and through the eLocal™ Offerings, via telephone, you: (a) acknowledge and agree that eLocal™ has not obtained the "prior express written consent" (as defined below) for you to contact the Leads via artificial voice calls, pre-recorded calls or calls placed with the assistance of autodialer technology (unless eLocal™ has specifically noted otherwise as part of the Lead Request); and (b) represent and warrant that you will comply with all record keeping requirements, call hour restrictions, disconnect requirements, prohibitions against contacting facilities and telephonic devices of certain classifications (e.g. mobile and telefax numbers), caller identification, live operator requirements and any and all other provisions of the Telephone Consumer Protection Act (47 USC § 227), and its implementing regulations adopted by the Federal Communications Commission (47 CFR § 64.1200), as amended from time-to-time (the "TCPA"), and other applicable state and federal laws.
For purposes of these Advertiser Terms, "prior express written consent" shall have the meaning as set forth in the TCPA.
Representations and Warranties.
You represent and warrant that: (a) your use of Leads and associated data collected by and through the eLocal™ Offerings, Third Party Offerings, and/or other interactions with any and all Leads will not violate any law, statute or other governmental regulation including, but not limited to, the Gramm-Leach Bliley Act, the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003, as amended, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Federal Trade Commission Act, the TCPA, the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, the Federal Communications Act, the Amended Telemarketing Sale Rule ("ATSR"), 16 CFR 310 et seq., and those governing the NDNCR, any and all state and federal laws regarding deceptive trade practices and all rules and regulations promulgated under any of the foregoing; (b) you will not advertise to perform, or in fact perform, any service for which you do not maintain the appropriate licensing, insurance or any other requirements mandated by federal, state, or local regulatory authorities.
Payment for Paid Advertiser Services.
Please carefully review the payment and billing terms associated with the Paid Advertiser Services set forth in the Terms and Conditions in their entirety.
Below are certain payment and billing provisions from the Terms and Conditions that are repeated here for your convenience.
The amount that you are charged is dependent upon the applicable Paid Advertiser Services requested and is detailed in your Program Summary in your Business User Dashboard.You are responsible for paying any sales, use or other taxes related to your use of the Paid Advertiser Services.
ELOCAL™ MUST BE NOTIFIED IN WRITING TO CANCEL YOUR PAID ADVERTISER SERVICES. ELOCAL™’s PAID ADVERTISER SERVICES ARE AUTOMATICALLY CHARGED ON A RECURRING BASIS. YOU WILL BE NOTIFIED WHEN YOUR CREDIT CARD ON FILE IS SET TO BE RECHARGED AND IT IS YOUR OBLIGATION TO NOTIFY ELOCAL™ IN WRITING THAT YOU WISH TO PAUSE OR CANCEL YOUR PAID ADVERTISER SERVICES.
IF ELOCAL™ IS NOT NOTIFIED THEN YOUR ACCOUNT WILL AUTOMATICALLY BE CHARGED. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT ELOCAL™ IS NOT RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER FOR REFUNDING CHARGES PRIOR TO THE DATE OF WRITTEN NOTICE, AND THAT YOU WILL NOT ATTEMPT TO DISPUTE SUCH CHARGES.
Pay for Performance Plan:
Upon registering as an Advertiser, selecting the Pay for Performance plan and providing the requisite Advertiser Registration Data, the credit or debit card that you provided during registration or updated at a later date (“Active Credit Card”) will be charged the amount that you designated as your initial reserve ("Reserve Deposit"). eLocal™ will deduct from your Reserve Deposit the applicable amount for each telephone call, Lead submission or other applicable action designated by you in connection with your request for Paid Advertiser Services. Once your Reserve Deposit is largely depleted, based on criteria established by eLocal™, your Active Credit Card will automatically be charged the amount of your initial Reserve Deposit, or then current Reserve Deposit amount, for as long as your Advertiser account remains active. You acknowledge and agree that eLocal™ will not obtain any additional authorization from you for this recurring payment. Every time that you use the Paid Advertiser Services, you re-affirm that eLocal™ is authorized to charge your Active Credit Card and to have the fees applied to same. At times, eLocal™ may offer incentives in conjunction with marketing or other offers ("Incentives"). These Incentives serve to increase the then current Reserve Deposit. eLocal™ Incentives are utilized only after all Advertiser provided Reserve Deposit amounts have been depleted. eLocal™ Incentives cannot be converted to cash, used to pay for other eLocal™ services, or requested as a refund under any circumstances. ALL CHARGES ARE FINAL AND NON-REFUNDABLE EXCEPT YOU MAY REQUEST A REFUND OF ANY UNSPENT RESERVE DEPOSIT, EXCLUSIVE OF ANY ELOCAL™ INCENTIVES, IF ELOCAL™ IS UNABLE TO DEPLETE YOUR RESERVE DEPOSIT AFTER A PERIOD OF SIX (6) MONTHS FOLLOWING RECEIPT OF THE RESERVE DEPOSIT.
Subscription Fee:
Certain legacy accounts are charged under a Subscription Fee plan. For those accounts, your Active Credit Card will be charged an advance amount for either three (3) months, one (1) year or such other period ("Subscription Period") applicable to the Paid Advertiser Services plan selected ("Advance"). Upon the conclusion of the Subscription Period covered by the Advance, your Active Credit Card will be charged the amount for the applicable Paid Advertiser Services requested on a recurring basis, for each subsequent Subscription Period, for as long as your Advertiser account remains active, and such fees will be charged in advance. You acknowledge and agree that eLocal™ will not obtain any additional authorization from you for this recurring payment. Every time that you use the Paid Advertiser Services, you re-affirm that eLocal™ is authorized to charge your Active Credit Card and to have the fees applied to same. ALL CHARGES ARE FINAL AND NON-REFUNDABLE. eLocal™ no longer actively sells Paid Advertiser Services under a Subscription Fee plan.
Use of the Term "Exclusive Lead":
eLocal™ may use the term "Exclusive Lead" to describe a Lead Request that is distributed to a single advertiser as part of the Paid Advertiser Services. If you have signed up for Exclusive Leads as part of your Paid Advertiser Services, it will be noted as such in your Program Summary in your Business User Dashboard.
Use of the Term "Shared Lead":
eLocal™ may use the term "Shared Lead" to describe a Lead Request that is distributed to multiple advertisers as part of the Paid Advertiser Services. Shared Leads may be distributed to up to four (4) advertisers, including free Listings, in the form of an email, SMS text, and/or call, at eLocal™’s sole discretion. If you have signed up for Shared Leads as part of your Paid Advertiser Services, it will be noted as such in your Program Summary in your Business User Dashboard.
Placement of Ads on the Site and Distribution Sites:
The placement of ads on the Site or on Distribution Sites will be determined in the sole discretion of eLocal™. Such determination will include which advertiser(s), if any, will be displayed in the banner ad at the top of the Site’s listings pages along with the associated ordering of advertisers on the page.
The fees will appear on your Active Credit Card statement through the identifier "eLocal USA LLC."
You shall be responsible for paying any and all applicable sales tax (if any) due to all taxing authorities arising from, or in connection with, your use of the Paid Advertiser Services.
All fees are payable in United States currency.
Failure to use the Paid Advertiser Services does not constitute a basis for refusing to pay any of the associated fees.
You agree to be bound by the pricing and billing practices of eLocal™ in effect at any given time.
Upon prior written notice to you (with e-mail sufficing), eLocal™ reserves the right to change its pricing and/or billing practices whenever necessary, in its sole discretion; provided, however, that such changes shall not affect the pricing and/or amount owed in connection with any Paid Advertiser Services packages that you have pre-paid.
Subject to the foregoing, continued use of the Paid Advertiser Services after receipt of such notice shall constitute consent to any and all such changes.
If you do not agree with these changes, or for any other reason, you may cancel your Advertiser account at any time as set forth below.
Where you fail to make any scheduled payment for accrued fees, such overdue amounts will be subject to interest charges in the amount of the lesser of one percent (1%) per month, or the maximum rate permitted by law.
Your Advertiser account may be deactivated, and access to the Paid Advertiser Services denied, for non-payment.
eLocal’s™ authorization to provide and bill for access to its Paid Advertiser Services is usually obtained by way of voice affirmation via a telephone call with an eLocal™ representative and, where applicable, your electronic signature or physical signature.
If applicable, once an electronic signature is submitted, this electronic order constitutes an electronic letter of agency.
eLocal’s™ reliance upon your electronic signature was specifically sanctioned and written into law when the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act and the Electronic Signatures in Global and National Transactions Act were enacted in 1999 and 2000, respectively.
Both laws specifically preempt all state laws that recognize only paper and handwritten signatures.
Cancellation of Advertiser Account.
(a) You may cancel your Advertiser account at any time by: (i) calling us toll free at 877-913-5622; or (ii) e-mailing us at correspondence@elocal.com; provided, however, that: (A) you will remain responsible for timely payment of any and all fees that you have already incurred (including any applicable late fees); (B) you shall not receive any pro-rata refund for partial months; (C) we will not refund any amounts previously paid up to the date of cancellation or termination; and (D) we will not refund any eLocal™ Incentives.
Please have your Advertiser Registration Data available for efficient processing of your cancellation order.
You understand and agree that cancellation of your Advertiser account is your sole right and remedy with respect to any dispute with you and eLocal™ concerning the Paid Advertiser Services.
(b) eLocal™ may terminate your Advertiser account at any time upon notice via e-mail; provided, however, that other than where you breach the Agreement, your Listings will remain on the Site for the duration of the applicable Paid Advertiser Services package.
eLocal™ reserves the right to remove your Listings from the Site prior to the completion of your Paid Advertiser Services package, where no breach has occurred, by providing a prorated refund of amounts paid. Where you breach the Agreement, eLocal™ may terminate your Advertiser account immediately, with or without notice, and immediately remove your Listings from the Site with no refund or proration.
Call Recording and the Assignment of Call Tracking Numbers ("CTN").
You understand and agree that eLocal™ may assign CTNs to your Listings either, on the Site or in connection with the Listings provided to Distribution Sites. The CTNs will enable eLocal™ to better track calls received by you and through the Listings. You also acknowledge, agree and consent to the fact that, calls received from those consumers by and through the CTNs may be recorded by eLocal™. You also represent that you have informed, and obtained any necessary consent, to record telephone conversations, from all of your employees or agents that answer incoming calls from eLocal™. When eLocal™ records and subsequently reviews calls, for quality assurance purposes, from individuals seeking an attorney, such calls may not be considered privileged.
Valid Calls, Valid Leads and Website Clicks/Unaccepted Calls and Leads.
Where you have selected the Pay for Performance plan, you will only have to pay for valid consumer actions in the form of Valid Calls, Valid Leads and Valid Website Clicks based on the specifics of your Pay for Performance Plan. For purposes of these Advertiser Terms:
(a) a "Valid Lead" means an individual person that: (i) has submitted a Lead Request; (ii) does not have a disconnected telephone number; and (iii) is not a Duplicate Lead. For purposes of these Advertiser Terms, a "Duplicate Lead" means a Lead that was already delivered to you by eLocal™ and previously paid for by you, within the past thirty (30) days.
(b) a "Valid Call" means an individual person that: (i) has made a phone call ("Call") to the telephone number provided in your Listing through the Site or Distribution Sites; (ii) is not a Duplicate Call; and (iii) has been approved by eLocal™ or meets the time threshold or other criteria specifically agreed, as outlined in your confirmation email from eLocal™. For purposes of these Advertiser Terms, a "Duplicate Call" means a Call that was already delivered to you by eLocal™ and previously paid for by you, within the past thirty (30) days. For Calls that are approved by eLocal™, the definition of a "Valid Call" includes any Call that: (A) is not a solicitation or wrong number; and/or (B) is from a local phone number that is answered by some means other than a live person, regardless of the duration of the call. For all Pay for Performance Plans, including those that measure Valid Calls using a time threshold, any call that goes unanswered, receives a busy signal, reaches a voice mail, or the caller is told that they will be called back will be considered a Valid Call even if the duration of the call did not otherwise meet the duration threshold;
(c) Where you suspect that a Lead or Call submitted by eLocal™ is not a Valid Lead or Valid Call, you must notify eLocal™ thereof within four (4) days of receiving such a Lead or Call from eLocal™. If eLocal™ receives such notice from you within such time period, the parties shall investigate the subject Lead or Call and seek to resolve the matter in good faith within ten (10) business days of eLocal’s™ receipt of notice thereof. If the parties acting together in good faith determine that such Lead or Call was a Valid Lead or Valid Call then no further action shall be taken. If the investigation reveals that the Lead or Call was not a Valid Lead or Valid Call, eLocal™ shall credit your account for the amount of the subject Lead or Call where you have already paid for it or, in the alternative, your payment obligations shall be excused with respect to such Lead or Call where you have not yet made payment. Where the parties cannot agree, eLocal™ good faith determination shall control in all respects; and
(d) a "Valid Website Click" means an individual person that has clicked on the link to your company website from your Listing through the Site or Distribution Sites. It is important to note that simply because a consumer action constitutes a Valid Lead, Valid Call or Valid Website Click, such consumer action may not result in a job, appointment, conversation, retention of your services, purchase or any other subsequent action.
Any and all Leads and Calls that are not both accepted and paid for by you ("Unaccepted Leads and Calls") shall be deemed the Confidential Information (as defined below) of eLocal™, subject to any and all restrictions set forth herein. Without limiting the generality of the confidentiality obligations set forth herein, you agree that you will: (i) not transfer, export, display, forward or otherwise share information contained in the Unaccepted Leads and Calls to/with any third party; (ii) not use the information contained in the Unaccepted Leads and Calls on its own behalf in any manner not expressly authorized by eLocal™; (iii) will not use the information contained in the Unaccepted Leads and Calls to create any interactive on-line, CD-ROM or other derivative product; (iv) will not publicly display the information contained in the Unaccepted Leads and Calls on the Internet; and (v) will notify eLocal™ as soon as you learn of any actual or suspected unauthorized use of or access to the information contained in the Unaccepted Leads and Calls and provide reasonable assistance to eLocal™ in the investigation and prosecution of any such unauthorized use or disclosure.
Confidential Information.
As used herein, "Confidential Information" shall mean: (a) either party’s proprietary information; (b) information marked or designated by either party as confidential; (c) information otherwise disclosed by either party in a manner consistent with its confidential nature; and (d) both party’s information that is conveyed to the other party, whether or not in written form and whether or not designated as confidential, that is known, or should reasonably be known, by the other party to be treated as confidential.
The parties acknowledge that, as a result of the provision of services pursuant to the Agreement, one party may disclose Confidential Information ("Disclosing Party") to the other party ("Receiving Party").
Therefore, the Receiving Party agrees that it will make no disclosure of the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information without obtaining the Disclosing Party’s prior written consent.
Nothing contained in the Agreement shall be construed as granting or conferring rights by license or otherwise in any Confidential Information disclosed under the Agreement.
Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, confidentiality provisions shall not apply where the Receiving Party can demonstrate with clear evidence that the information: (i) was previously known to the Receiving Party at the time of disclosure, free of any obligation to keep it confidential; (ii) became publicly known through no wrongful act of the Receiving Party; (iii) was rightfully and lawfully received by the Receiving Party from a third party who was not bound under any confidentiality provisions; or (iv) was disclosed pursuant to judicial order, requirement of a governmental agency or by operation of law, provided however that the Disclosing Party takes all reasonable and legal steps to minimize the scope and impact of such disclosures.
This Section 7 shall survive any termination of the Agreement until the subject Confidential Information is no longer protectable under New York State law.
Each party agrees that monetary damages for its breach, or threatened breach, of this Section 7 will not be adequate and that the non-breaching party shall be entitled to: (A) injunctive relief (including temporary and preliminary relief) without the requirement to post a bond; and/or (B) any and all other remedies available to the non-breaching party at law or in equity.
Indemnification.
Without limiting the indemnification obligations set forth in the Terms and Conditions, you agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless eLocal™, its parents and subsidiaries, and each of their respective members, owners, officers, directors, employees and authorized agents, from and against any and all liability, claim, loss, damage, demand and/or expense (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) asserted by any third party due to, arising from, or in connection with any claim related to your: (a) Third Party Offerings; (b) breach of these Advertiser Terms; and (c) use of the Leads.
Audit.
This Section 9 is only applicable to Pay for Performance accounts and the unauthorized use of Unaccepted Leads and Calls.
You agree that eLocal™, or any designee of eLocal™ that is legally bound to obligations of confidentiality and non-disclosure, shall have the right during the term of this the Agreement, and for three (3) months thereafter, to reasonably examine, inspect, audit and review your books, records and any source documents used in the preparation thereof, as same relate to unauthorized use of the Unaccepted Leads and Calls generated hereunder.
Such audit shall be conducted during normal business hours and upon written notice to you at least seven (7) business days prior to its commencement.
Such audit shall be at eLocal’s™ sole cost and expense and shall be strictly limited to those books and records that specifically relate to use of the Unaccepted Leads and Calls.
Where you have used Unaccepted Leads and Calls, you shall immediately remit payment for such Unaccepted Leads and Calls as if they were Valid Leads and Valid Calls, plus applicable interest, in accordance with the payment terms set forth herein, and the audit shall be at your sole cost and expense.
Force Majeure.
Other than for payment obligations, neither you nor eLocal™ will be liable, or be considered to be in breach of the Agreement, on account of such party’s delay or failure to perform as required under the terms of the Agreement as a result of any causes or conditions that are beyond such party’s reasonable control and that such party is unable to overcome through the exercise of commercially reasonable diligence (a "Force Majeure Event").
If any such Force Majeure Event occurs including, without limitation, acts of God, fires, explosions, telecommunications, Internet or network failure, results of vandalism or computer hacking, storm or other natural occurrences, national emergencies, acts of terrorism, insurrections, riots, wars, strikes or other labor difficulties, or any act or omission of any other person or entity, the affected party will give the other party notice and will use commercially reasonable efforts to minimize the impact of any such event.
Relationship of the Parties.
The relationship of you and eLocal™ established by the Agreement is solely that of independent contractors, and neither party is an employee, agent, partner or joint venturer of the other.
Neither party shall make any representations, warranties or covenants, or assume or create any obligations, on the other party’s behalf.
Each party shall be solely responsible for the actions of its respective employees, agents, affiliates and representatives.
Public Statements.
You agree that eLocal™ may disclose your business name and/or logo in announcements, press releases, client lists, or other onsite or offsite marketing materials without the need to obtain prior written consent.
Assignment.
You may not assign, sublicense or otherwise transfer your rights and/or obligations under the Agreement, or any portion thereof, to any person or entity by operation of law, by merger or otherwise, without the prior written authorization of eLocal™.
eLocal™ may assign, sublicense or otherwise transfer its rights and/or obligations under the Agreement, or any portion thereof, without your authorization in eLocal’s™ sole discretion.
The provisions of the Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their permitted successors and assigns.
Disclaimer of Warranties.
THE PAID ADVERTISER SERVICES ARE PROVIDED TO YOU ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS AND ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS AND IMPLIED, ARE DISCLAIMED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE DISCLAIMER OF ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AND/OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE). IN PARTICULAR, BUT NOT AS A LIMITATION THEREOF, ELOCAL™ MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT: (A) THE PAID ADVERTISER SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS; (B) THE PAID ADVERTISER SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE OR ERROR-FREE; OR (C) THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE PAID ADVERTISER SERVICES WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE.
THE PAID ADVERTISER SERVICES MAY CONTAIN BUGS, ERRORS, PROBLEMS OR OTHER LIMITATIONS. WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR THE AVAILABILITY OF THE UNDERLYING INTERNET CONNECTION ASSOCIATED WITH THE SITE.
NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM ELOCAL™, ANY SITE USER OR OTHERWISE THROUGH OR FROM THE PAID ADVERTISER SERVICES, SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THE AGREEMENT.
Limitation of Liability.
YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT ELOCAL™ SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL AND/OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES (EVEN IF ELOCAL™ HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES), TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY LAW FOR: (A) THE USE OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE PAID ADVERTISER SERVICES; (B) THE COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS AND SERVICES RESULTING FROM ANY GOODS, DATA, INFORMATION AND/OR SERVICES PURCHASED OR OBTAINED FROM, OR TRANSACTIONS ENTERED INTO THROUGH, THE ELOCAL™ OFFERINGS; AND (C) ANY OTHER MATTER RELATING TO THE PAID ADVERTISER SERVICES. THIS LIMITATION APPLIES TO ALL CAUSES OF ACTION, IN THE AGGREGATE INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, BREACH OF CONTRACT, BREACH OF WARRANTY, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, MISREPRESENTATIONS AND ANY AND ALL OTHER TORTS. YOU HEREBY RELEASE ELOCAL™ FROM ANY AND ALL OBLIGATIONS, LIABILITIES AND CLAIMS IN EXCESS OF THE LIMITATIONS STATED HEREIN. IF APPLICABLE LAW DOES NOT PERMIT SUCH LIMITATIONS, THE MAXIMUM LIABILITY OF ELOCAL™ TO YOU UNDER ANY AND ALL CIRCUMSTANCES WILL BE FIVE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($500.00). THE NEGATION OF DAMAGES SET FORTH ABOVE IS A FUNDAMENTAL ELEMENT OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN YOU AND ELOCAL™.
THE PAID ADVERTISER SERVICES WOULD NOT BE PROVIDED TO YOU WITHOUT SUCH LIMITATIONS.
Dispute Resolution Provisions.
The Agreement shall be treated as though it were executed and performed in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Pennsylvania (without regard to conflict of law principles).
Should a dispute arise concerning the Paid Advertiser Services, terms and conditions of the Agreement or the breach of same by any party hereto: (a) the parties agree to submit their dispute for resolution by arbitration before the American Arbitration Association in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania or the county of your residence, in accordance with the then current Commercial Arbitration rules of the American Arbitration Association; and (b) you agree to first commence a formal dispute proceeding by completing and submitting an Initial Dispute Notice which can be found
Here.
We may choose to provide you with a final written settlement offer after receiving your Initial Dispute Notice ("Final Settlement Offer").
If we provide you with a Final Settlement Offer and you do not accept it, or we cannot otherwise satisfactorily resolve your dispute, but you still wish to proceed with your dispute, you must submit your dispute for resolution by arbitration as set forth above, by filing a separate Demand for Arbitration, which is available
Here.
For claims of Ten Thousand Dollars ($10,000.00) or less, you can choose whether the arbitration proceeds in person, by telephone or based only on submissions.
If the arbitrator awards you relief that is greater than our Final Settlement Offer, then we will pay all filing, administration and arbitrator fees associated with the arbitration and, if you retained an attorney to represent you in connection with the arbitration, we will reimburse any reasonable attorneys’ fees that your attorney accrued for investigating, preparing and pursuing the claim in arbitration.
Any award rendered shall be final and conclusive to the parties and a judgment thereon may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.
Nothing contained herein shall be construed to preclude any party from: (i) seeking injunctive relief in order to protect its rights pending an outcome in arbitration; and/or (ii) pursuing the matter in small claims court rather than arbitration.
Although we may have a right to an award of attorneys’ fees and expenses if we prevail in arbitration, we will not seek such an award from you unless the arbitrator determines that your claim was frivolous.
To the extent permitted by law, you agree that you will not bring, join or participate in any class action lawsuit as to any claim, dispute or controversy that you may have against eLocal™ and/or its employees, officers, directors, members, representatives and/or assigns.
You agree to the entry of injunctive relief to stop such a lawsuit or to remove you as a participant in the suit.
You agree to pay the attorney’s fees and court costs that eLocal™ incurs in seeking such relief.
This provision preventing you from bringing, joining or participating in class action lawsuits: (A) does not constitute a waiver of any of your rights or remedies to pursue a claim individually and not as a class action in binding arbitration as provided above; and (B) is an independent agreement.
You may opt-out of these dispute resolution provisions by providing written notice of your decision within thirty (30) days of the date that you first access the Site.
At eLocal™ our mission is to connect consumers with local businesses.
Page Content
Footer
What is this page?
Welcome to eLocal™! If you would like more information on the services that we offer,
please give us a call at 888-298-5228, or email us at
correspondence@elocal.com.
We are proud to offer a dedicated phone line that we created especially for people
who may experience accessibility issues with our website. Our specially-trained staff
will give your call first priority and will be happy to help you find local businesses
for hire. We can also assist any hard of hearing users via email at
correspondence@elocal.com,
or on our live chat.
We're Here to Help!
Ready to search local businesses?! Just call our priority hotline at 888-298-5228
between the hours of 9 AM and 5 PM Eastern Standard Time, 7 days a week. We’ll be happy
to talk you through your options, answer any questions that you have, and find the local
business that is right for you. If you have auditory issues or are unable to call in, our
customer service team will be happy to assist you via email at
correspondence@elocal.com,
or on our live chat.
About eLocal™
eLocal™ is a fast-growing, performance-based advertising company with specialization in
Home Services, Legal, Medical, and Insurance verticals. eLocal™ has been at the forefront
of the changing advertising industry as one of the only media companies offering businesses
of all sizes a performance-based pricing model to support new customer acquisition.
Formal Complaints
We aim to respond to accessibility feedback within 5 business days, and to propose a solution
within 10 business days.
What is this page all about?
eLocal™ is committed to accessibility and constantly strives to ensure compliance with
all applicable laws and guidelines. To ensure that our services are as easy to access
as possible for all of our customers, we have created this page to highlight our key
offerings and to guide you to our priority hotline (888-298-5228) or our customer service
email address
(correspondence@elocal.com),
where we can answer all of your questions. We’re always open to feedback on the
accessibility of our website, so please do not hesitate to share your experience with us.
We look forward to serving you.
Options for Assistance
Change the font size:
larger,
default,
smaller
Current color scheme is
black and white.
Switch to
yellow and black
Current color scheme is
yellow and black.
Switch to
black and white
Live Local • Search Local • eLocal™It's not just our slogan, but our reason for being.
eLocal has been helping to connect consumers with local businesses since 2007.
About eLocal:
eLocal is a fast-growing, 10-year-old performance-based advertising company, whose mission is to connect consumers with local businesses. With a specialization in the Home Services, Legal, Medical, Financial, and Insurance verticals, eLocal has been at the forefront of the changing advertising industry as one of the only media companies offering businesses of all sizes a performance-based pricing model to support new customer acquisition. In 2016 and 2017 eLocal ranked in the Philadelphia Business Journal’s Soaring 76 for the fastest growing companies in the region. Its founders also won EY Entrepreneur of the Year Awards in 2017 for E-Services.
Add A Free Listing
Advertising For Businesses
We work with thousands of local businesses across the country and what they
say about us is more important than what we say about ourselves.
Real Businesses, Real Stories
eLocal isn’t out to charge you for bad calls or pinch pennies. Other companies will, never eLocal.
Frank Michienzi
Instant Appliance Repair
Pawtucket, RI
We have had more of their leads and calls turn into clients than any other source other than referrals.
Leza Dumansky
Gardner Law
Akron, OH
Many have tried to duplicate what they do, but no one does it nearly as successful when it comes to volume!
Steve Wunder
White Knight Pest Control
Heber City UT
Very pleased with the calls we get for the money.
Tim Jenkins
Two Old Men and A Van
Catoosa, OK
We've already gotten 5 good cases
Sarah Lesniewski
Collier & Collier, P.C.
Richmond, VA
It’s now at the top of our list for lead sources.
John Harris
John Harris Electric
Kingston PA
All the staff are kind, courteous, and efficient, acting promptly if I have a question or issue.
Steve Cedillos
Law Offices of Steve Cedillos
Honolulu, HI
Things have gone well with eLocal. We're getting a steady flow of new business.
Dan Bradbury
Viking Pest Control
Bridgewater, NJ
eLocal is a highly effective source of leads and provides outstanding customer service.
Mel Ebenstein
Adeedo! Plumbing, Heating, Air & Electrical
Los Angeles, CA
Read More Reviews...
Name *
Contact Phone *
Email *
Subject *
Advertising Inquiry
Customer Service
Billing
Existing Ad Inquiry
Free Listing Inquiry
Other
Business Name *
Zip Code *
City *
State *
AL
AK
AZ
AR
CA
CO
CT
DE
DC
FL
GA
HI
ID
IL
IN
IA
KS
KY
LA
ME
MD
MA
MI
MN
MS
MO
MT
NE
NV
NH
NJ
NM
NY
NC
ND
OH
OK
OR
PA
RI
SC
SD
TN
TX
UT
VT
VA
WA
WV
WI
WY
Message *
Or you can contact us the old fashioned way.
Advertising Sales / Customer Service:
1-877-91-ELOCAL (1-877-913-5622)
Fax Number:
1-877-933-5622
Add or Edit Listing:
Click Here
Address:
PO Box 495, Dresher PA 19025
Want to learn more about advertising?
If you're looking for information about our advertising program, take a look at the "What We Do" explainer video. If you're here for our Terms & Conditions then you're in the right place. For further information, feel free to contact us at 877-359-4018.
Go To What We Do
Close
eLocal.com
©2020 eLocal USA LLC
Follow Us on Social Media
About eLocal
Contact Us
eLocal Reviews
Advertising
Employment Opportunities
Advertiser Terms
Press
Terms & Conditions
Your Privacy Rights
California Privacy Notice
Do Not Sell My Info
Accessible View Page
View Desktop Site