http://www.laurashannon.net/lauras-newsletters/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
LAURA SHANNON
FOLK DANCE - CIRCLE DANCE- SACRED DANCE - WOMEN'S RITUAL DANCE
Home
About
Workshops
Trainings
Blog
Athena e.V.
Articles
CDs/Books
Lavra Music
Gallery
Videos
Photos
Links
Contact
Newsletters
Privacy Policy
Newsletter for Dancers (English Language)
Newsletter für TänzerInnen (Deutsche Sprache)
Greek Fire, about life in Greece - in English
Greek Fire, über das Leben in Griechenland - auf Deutsch
Privacy Policy
This website complies with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) which comes into effect on May 25, 2018. If you are subscribed to one of Laura's newsletters, we will collect your name and email address in order to keep in touch with you via email. We will not collect or store any other personal data or information about you.
Why we need your data
We need your name and email address in order to send you occasional information about dance events and publications we think may be of interest to you. We try to keep these emails to a minimum. We will never pass on your data to third parties or use it for any other purpose.
What we do with your data
Your personal data is processed by our staff in the UK and is stored with the mailing list program Mailchimp (www.mailchimp.com), who have certified their compliance with the new legislation. No third parties have access to your personal data unless the law allows them to do so.
How long we keep your data
Your information will only be kept by us until you notify us that you no longer wish to receive our newsletter, which you can easily do by clicking the 'unsubscribe' button at the bottom of any email you receive from us.
Thank you for your ongoing support.
—
Laura Shannon
The Master's Lodge, 58 St Peter's Street, Canterbury, Kent, CT1 2BE ENGLAND
Bouzalades, T. Th. 1075, Keratea, Attiki, 19001 GREECE
Rose of the Heart, 227 The Park, Findhorn, Forres, IV36 3TZ SCOTLAND
www.laurashannon.net - Find me on Facebook!
Laura's Offerings
New CD: Lavra2019-20 Workshop flyerCall for Papers!String of Pearls: Celebrating 40 years of Sacred Dance in the Findhorn Community! A new book edited by LauraCD: Limani - Traditional Music from Greece and Asia MinorLimani: Booklet of dance descriptionsBook: Dancing on the EarthTutti Frutti: Booklet of dance descriptionsLive Music for DancingMiddle Eastern GardenConcertsPublications
Upcoming Events
17 Oct 2020 - Silent ritual dance in honour of the New Moon, for women who have completed a 2-year training in Women’s Ritual Dances with Laura. Online via Zoom! For all languages.
18 Oct 2020 - Danses de la Mère Divine, en français
Latest Articles
(2020), 'Trauma Healing through Communal Dance'
(2014), 'The Taroudant Embroidery Adventures'
(2019), 'Wir stellen vor: Chrisanda Harris'
(2019), 'Introducing Chrisandra Harris'
(2019), 'Der Tanz der Berggöttin von Marokko'