https://www.queendom.com/about/privacy.htm
How well are you coping with the COVID-19 crisis? Take the free
Pandemic Resilience Test.
SCIENTIFICALLY DEVELOPED AND VALIDATED TESTS AND QUIZZES
Queendom.com Privacy policy
Home
Privacy policy
Privacy Policy
At Queendom.com, your privacy and peace of mind is our top priority.Your personal information is carefully guarded and will not be sold, rented or otherwise transferred to any third party.
1 Collection of personally identifiable data
1.1 Declarations of non-use
1.1.1  Supplementation of information from third party sources
Queendom does not supplement its data collection with any information collected from third parties.
1.1.2  Information sharing
1.1.2.1  Personally Identifiable Data (PII)
Queendom does not share any personally identifiable data (PII) with third parties. Only authorized Queendom employees have access to the user database.
Your data may be accessed by our employees to resolve a customer service issue or a billing inquiry.
Demographic information may also be accessed automatically by an ad serving software, which uses the information to select ads that are relevant to your interests.
The ad serving software accesses this information only to filter available ads and does not record any information other than the number of ads served.
1.1.2.2  Aggregate data
Queendom compiles aggregate statistics about users.
Aggregate demographic information about the site's visitors is available on the website and is typically consulted by advertisers, media and potential business partners. Test data are also analyzed on an aggregate basis.
These analyses allow us to fine-tune our assessments and assess their validity and reliability. Only outputs of statistical analyses that use data in an aggregate form are available to third parties.
1.1.2.3  Legal disclaimer
We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our website.
1.3 Security
The security of your personal information is important to us.
When you enter sensitive information (such as credit card number and/or mailing address) on our order forms, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL).
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it.
No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however.
Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
1.3 Information Collection Details
1.3.1 User Tracking
1.3.1.1  Cookies
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user's computer for record-keeping purposes. We use cookies on this site. We do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site.
We use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies.
We use session cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site. A session ID cookie expires when you close you browser.
A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. We set a persistent cookie to store your username and password.
Persistent cookies allow us to "remember" your login information when you revisit the site using the same computer.
Persistent cookies also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. You can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browser's "help" file.
If you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but your ability to use interactive areas of our site will be very limited.
Some of our business partners (e.g., advertisers) use cookies on our site.
We have no access to or control over these cookies. See "Third Party Advertisers." This privacy statement covers the use of cookies by Queendom only and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
1.3.1.2  Anonymous logs
Like most website, our servers record certain technical information in log files. This includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information contained in user profiles.
This information is used on aggregate basis to ensure a flawless display of web pages in different browsers and to understand traffic patters on the site.
1.3.1.3  Third party advertisers
The ads appearing on this Web site are delivered to users by third party ad server, our advertising partner.
We share Web site usage information about users with a reputable third party for the purpose of targeting our Internet banner advertisements on this site.
Advertising partners use cookies and clear GIFs on this site, which allow it to recognize a user's cookie when a user visits this site. The information that advertising partners collect and share through this technology is not personally identifiable.
1.3.1.3  Links to other websites
This Web site contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by Queendom. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites.
We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information.
This privacy statement applies only to information collected by this Web site.
1.3.2 Registration
Registration is not required to use free content on Queendom, with the exception of discussion boards.
Nevertheless, we encourage you to register for a more personalized experience of the site.
Queendom members can also save unfinished tests and store results of all their tests. If you are not a registered member and you take a test, we will show you a Snapshot report.
At that time, you will be given the option to purchase the Complete report.
If you decline, the results of your test will not be recoverable.
If you decide to purchase a test right after you view the free Snapshot report, you will be asked to go through the payment process.
In such a case, we will automatically create an account to provide you with the possibility to access your test report at a later time.
If you are not a registered member and you take a test, we will show you a Snapshot report.
At that time, you will be given the option to purchase the Complete report.
If you decline, the results of your test will not be recoverable.
If you decide to purchase a test right after you view the free Snapshot report, you will be asked to go through the payment process.
In such a case, we will automatically create an account to provide you with the possibility to access your test report at a later time.
1.3.2.1  Registration form
What information is collected:
Queendom requires registrants to provide a valid email address, which is used as a unique username, and a self-selected password.
In addition, the registration form contains other demographic questions that are optional.
While gender and age are not required fields, some tests available on Queendom (IQ tests, for example) require this information to display the questionnaire correctly or to score the test.
The data is stored in a secured database.
An automated Registration Confirmation email is sent to the email address you provided during registration.
Why:
Queendom uses the information in your profile to:
a) conduct validation studies on our assessments.
b) create a personalized experience on our site by customizing content suggestions to your preferences.
c) analyze the demographic profiles of users in order to better understand our readership base.
d) to filter out ads that are irrelevant to you and select those that will likely appeal to you.
How:
Data collection is done using a registration form.
Your options:
You can fill in the required fields only and skip any questions you are not comfortable answering.
Your control:
You can change or remove information from your account at any time.
To do so, log into your account, click on "My info" in the left navigation menu and modify your information.
Access:
Only authorized Queendom employees have access to this database.
Your data may be accessed to resolve a customer service issue or a billing inquiry.
Demographic information may also be accessed automatically by the ad serving software, which uses the information to select ads that are relevant to your interests.
The ad serving software accesses this information only to filter available ads and does not record any information other than the number of ads served.
1.3.2.2  Forgot password
What information is collected:The email address used during registration
Why:
To forward your login information to you
How:
Data collection is done using a registration form.
Your options:
The email address is a required field in this form and you cannot use this function without entering it.
Your control:
You can change your password at any time.
To do so, log into your account, click on "My Account" in the left navigation menu and modify your information.
Access:
Only the person who has access to the registration email address can access the emailed login info.
1.3.2.2 Storage of user information
As a general rule, all user and test data are stored in a secured database.
Session IDs are stored on the user's computer in the form of cookies.
1.3.3 Communication
1.3.3.1  Contact forms
What information is collected:
a) All information entered into the online form (some fields may be optional).
b) If you are logged into your account, your username/email address is automatically inserted into the form.
c)  Date and time stamp are automatically inserted into the form.
Why:
To resolve a problem you are reporting or respond to your inquiry.
How:
Data collection is done using an online form; the form is sent to our Help desk via email.
Your options:
The name, email address and message text are required fields in this form and you cannot use this function without entering them. You can skip any fields that are not required.
Your control:
You can change or remove information from your account at any time.
To do so, log into your account, click on "My info" in the left navigation menu and modify your information.
Access:
Our customer service representatives can access any information contained in the emailed form.
1.3.3.2  Customer service
If you communicate with us either by contact forms, regular email or by phone, we will typically respond to you by email.
In rare cases when the issue is more complex, we may ask you to provide your phone number in follow-up emails.
If you do not wish to communicate by phone, you may indicate your preference in an email message and we will resolve the issue by email.
1.3.3.3  Confirmation emails
You will receive a one-time confirmation email after you register an account on Queendom.
You will also receive a confirmation email if you choose to purchase a product or service on our website.
You cannot opt out of these communications, as they are an integral part of the registration and purchasing process.
1.3.3.4  Service related announcements
You may receive occasional service-related announcements regarding your account on Queendom. Such emails may inform you about scheduled downtime of our servers (typically for maintenance and system upgrades), or remind you that your account or certain tests will expire. You cannot opt out of these communications, as they are an integral part of the maintenance of your account.
1.3.3.5  Newsletters and updates
If you wish to subscribe to our newsletter and/or receive updates, we will use your name and email address to communicate with you.
Out of respect for your privacy, we provide you a way to unsubscribe.
You can change your newsletter and other communication preferences when you log into your profile and access "My info" section.
While the Queendom newsletter may contain advertisements, we never sell, lend or rent our mailing lists to any third party.
We are proud to say that since Queendom's launch in 1996, we have never sent a single spam email nor have we ever transferred, in any form, our mailing lists to a third party.
1.3.4 Order Forms
If you purchase a product or service from us, we request certain personally identifiable information from you on our order form. You must provide contact information (such as name, email, and shipping address) and financial information (such as credit card number, expiration date).
We use this information for billing purposes and to fill your orders.
If we have trouble processing an order, we will use this information to contact you.
1.3.4.1  Security
All information collected during the payment process is protected using a 128-bit encryption, transferred over secure connections and stored on secure servers.
All our servers are monitored 24/7.
Queendom processes all payments through secure servers and secure connections to our service providers.
Our credit card processing suppliers automatically contact your financial institution to obtain authorization for the purchase.
If the transaction is approved, the purchase is completed.
All data transfers are conducted over encrypted secure networks.
Our payment processing suppliers store credit card information associated with all transactions in a secure database.
All our suppliers guarantee the confidentiality of all information related to transactions on our sites.
1.3.4.2  Purchase logs
Purchase history and purchase information are stored in a database on a secure server behind firewall.
What information is collected:
a) All information entered into the online form (some fields may be optional.
b) A unique transaction number is automatically generated by our payment system service provider upon authorization of the purchase
c) Your username/email address is automatically recorded.
d) Date and time stamp is automatically recorded.
Why:
To be able to resolve billing inquiries
How:
Payment information is collected through a secure online form ad stored in a database on a secure server.
Data are protected using a 128-bit encryption during transfer.
Your options:
All fields are required in this form and you cannot make an online purchase without entering them.
You can also make a payment by sending us a check or money order.
You also have the option to call us or fax us your credit card information (purchases of $50 or more; this option is not available to non-members).
Your control:
You can interrupt the payment process at any time before you confirm that you wish to place your order.
Access:
Only authorized customer service representatives can access any information contained in the purchase history database.
1.3.5 Tests
The extensive battery of psychological tests is Queendom's signature feature.
Information gathered from test-takers allows us to conduct scientific studies, validate our assessments and fine-tune them based on the results and conclusions drawn from the statistical analyses.
All test questions must be answered before the test can be scored.
At some point during the test administration, you may receive a Validation study form.
This is a set of demographic and psychographic questions that are not used to score the test; rather, this information serves as a benchmark of a specific characteristic (also called a criterion measure).
We then statistically analyze the test and the validation information to see how well the test scores predict the criterion
What information is collected:
a) All answers entered into the online questionnaire form (answers to all questions administered to you are required to score the test).
b) All information entered into the Validation study form (all optional).
c) If you are logged into your account, your username/email address is automatically recorded.
If you are not logged in, you are considered to be a "guest".
d) Session ID is recorded.
e) IP number is recorded.
f) Date and time stamp are automatically recorded.
Why:
To conduct scientific studies, validate our assessments and publish articles with our findings on the website and in scientific literature.
How:
Data collection is done using an online form; the data are stored in a database.
Your options:
If you wish to take a test anonymously, you can take it as a guest (without logging into your account).
The report of any test taken anonymously will not be saved but test data will be recorded for statistical purposes.
You have the option to participate in our validation study by answering a set of questions that are not part of the assessment.
If you don't wish to participate, simply skip the validation question.
Your control:
You can change or remove information from your account at any time.
To do so, log into your account, click on "My info" in the left navigation menu and modify your information.
Access:
Authorized database administrators have access to all data stored in our databases.
Authorized customer service representatives access your data if a problem with your account is reported. Our statisticians and psychologists have access to the data sets.
All data are treated anonymously.
Aggregated results and conclusions drawn from the data are distributed to the psychological community and general public.
1.3.6  Polls, surveys, ad contests
Polls and surveys continuously run on Queendom.
All data is collected anonymously and analyzed on an aggregate basis.
1.3.6.1  Polls
Session ID (cookies) is used to identify whether you already answered a specific poll to prevent duplication of data.
If you already answered a poll, you can view the poll results but you cannot vote again.
1.3.6.2  Surveys
Queendom surveys are, in essence, scientific psychological studies conducted online.
While the questions in these surveys are very personal, no personally identifiable data (PII) is collected in these studies.
We do not ask for e-mail addresses or names of our participants. Queendom.com collects and analyzes the data from our surveys on an aggregated (collective) basis.
Many of our surveys offer you the possibility to make comments or answer open-ended questions. We publish a selection of such responses in the articles based on the surveys.
All comments are posted anonymously.
All fields in the surveys are optional.
As with any research project, the integrity of our data is paramount.
From statistical perspective, it is desirable to have as complete data as possible.
However, if you are not comfortable answering certain questions, we prefer if you skip them (we prefer missing data over incorrect/inaccurate data).
What information is collected:
a) All information entered into the online survey form (all fields are optional).
b) Certain demographic information that is not personally identifiable - such as gender, age, education, sexual orientation etc.
c) Even if you are a registered Queendom member, your username is NOT recorded.
d) Session ID is recorded.
e) IP number is recorded.
f) Date and time stamp are automatically recorded.
Why:
To conduct scientific studies and publish articles with our findings on the website and in scientific literature.
How:
Data collection is done using an online form; the data are stored in a database.
Your options:
You can skip any field.
Your control:
You cannot change or remove any answer once you completed the survey.
Access:
Our statisticians and psychologists have access to the data sets.
All data are treated anonymously.
Aggregated results and conclusions drawn from the data are distributed to the psychological community and general public.
1.3.7 Contests
From time to time, we may provide you the opportunity to participate in contests on our site.
If you participate, we will request certain personally identifiable information from you. Participation in these contests is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information.
The requested information typically includes contact information (such as name and email address), and demographic information (such as city, state, province, or country).
We use the contact information to notify contest winners and award prizes.
The demographic information is used to analyze traffic and user preferences.
The demographics are analyzed anonymously and results are reported on an aggregate basis only.
1.3.8 Submissions of material
1.3.8.1  Chaise Longue and Counseling Network
Visitors who submit a question to be answered in the Chaise Longue section of the website do so via an online form.
Selected questions are answered by one of the counselors and posted in the Chaise Longue section of the website. Because of large volume of submissions, we cannot guarantee that any particular questions will be selected to be answered in the Chaise Longue. This is a free service intended to educate the public and offer suggestions to visitors with common problems. The questions may be answered by any therapist who is a member of the Counseling Network.
What information is collected:
a) Nickname/name is a required field in the question submission form.
b) Other fields, including email address and demographic information, are optional.
c) Even if you are a registered Queendom member, your username is NOT recorded.
d) Date and time stamp are automatically inserted into the form.
Why:
Questions submitted to the Counseling Network may be answered by one of the counselors and posted in the Chaise Longue section of the website.
Your email address may be used to communicate with you to inform you that an answer to your question has been posted or to send you the response to your question directly.
How:
Data collection is done using an online form. The information is stored in a (secure?) database from which the counselors can select questions they wish to answer.
Your options:
The nickname/name, and message text are required fields in this form and you cannot use this service without entering them. You can skip any fields that are not required.
Your control:
You can contact any of the counselors who are members of the Counseling Network if you wish to have your questions answered privately, want to ensure that your question gets answered, or wish to receive a response from a particular counselor.
Most of our counselors offer email or phone sessions for a small fee.
Access:
All members of the Counseling Network and Queendom's program administrator have access to all information you submit using this form.
1.3.9 Networking tools
1.3.9.1  Discussion boards
If you use a bulletin board or chat room on this site, you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit there can be read, collected, or used by other users of these forums, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these forums.
1.3.9.1  Tell a friend and quizzes
If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our site, we will ask you for your friend's name and email address.
We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site.
Queendom stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and tracking the success of our referral program.
2 Business transitions
In the event Queendom goes through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, your personally identifiable information will likely be among the assets transferred.
You will be notified via email or a prominent notice on our Web site for 30 days of any such change in ownership or control of your personal information.
3 Changes in privacy policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently.
If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you on the Privacy Police page, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page.
3 Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at:
https://www.queendom.com/about/contact/index.htm.
Advertising
Advertising
New Tests
Pandemic Resilience Test DISC Personality Test Leadership Skills Test Security Guard Test Coachability Test
Daily Tip
Feeling out of place at a party or a conference? Approach the friendliest face in the room.
Editor's Pick
Franchisee Aptitude Test
Are you thinking of investing in and running a franchise? Assess your aptitude for this field right here.
Take this Test
Daily Quote
"We accept the love we think we deserve."Stephen Chbosky
Related tests
Anger Management Test Assertiveness Test - Abridged Creative Problem-Solving Test Procrastination Test - Abridged Transferrable Skills Test
Daily Motivation
Everything you need is already inside of you.
Most popular tests
Arguing Style Test Shopaholic Test Accident Proneness Test Social Anxiety Test Classical IQ Test
Sign-In or Register
×
Sign in with Google
Sign in with LinkedIn
or
Username is required
Either the username/email or the password you entered is incorrect. Please try again.
Password is required
Sign in
Remember me
Forgot Password?
Don't have an account? Register Now!
Sign-In or Register
×
Register
Username is required
Either the username/email or the password you entered is incorrect. Please try again.
Password is required
Sign in
SHARE!