https://www.glasgowlife.org.uk/the-small-print/service-descriptions-and-specific-privacy-notices
Skip to main content
Cookies
This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this site you are giving consent to cookies being used. For information on cookies and how you can disable them visit our Privacy and Cookie Policy.
Accept
Coronavirus (Covid-19) – Latest Information
Coronavirus - Latest Information
Home
Service Descriptions and Specific Privacy Notices
Communities, Libraries and Learning Service Description
Sport Service Description
Museums Service Description
Arts, Music and Cultural Venues Service Description
Glasgow Convention Bureau Service Description
Development/Fundraising Service Description
Specific Privacy Notices
Glossary
Related Content
Back to top
Communities, Libraries and Learning Service Description
Service: Glasgow Communities and Libraries (Communities, Libraries and Learning)
(Controller) Who we are?
Glasgow Life as a charity delivers cultural, sporting and learning activities on behalf of Glasgow City Council, inspiring Glasgow’s citizens and visitors to lead richer and more active lives. Glasgow Life, the operating name of Culture and Sport Glasgow, is the controller of personal information collected by us that is necessary for our processing purposes. Glasgow Communities and Libraries is a service within Glasgow Life. See Contact Us for details of our data protection officer.
(Purposes) Why do we need your personal information and what do we do with it?
Glasgow Communities and Libraries service manages, operates and delivers a range of services at community facilities and libraries throughout the city, aiming to enable the people and communities of Glasgow to improve their quality of life through culture, sport and learning. Glasgow Communities and Libraries process personal information to allow us to develop programme and content in respect to our public tasks.
For example, when we process your Library membership it gives you access to a wealth of information, resources and services through Glasgow's network of 33 libraries, which includes the world-famous Mitchell Library and we need your name and contact information in order to provide you with access to the full range of services.
Contact us: You can contact our data protection officer about any data protection matter by:
Post: c/o Data Protection, GCC, City Chambers, George Square, Glasgow G2 1DU, United Kingdom.
E-mail: dataprotection@glasgow.gov.uk
Telephone on: 0141 287 1055
Sport Service Description
Service: Glasgow Sport (Leisure Centres, Health and Fitness, Sport)
(Controller) Who we are?
Glasgow Life as a charity delivers cultural, sporting and learning activities on behalf of Glasgow City Council, inspiring Glasgow’s citizens and visitors to lead richer and more active lives.  Glasgow Life, the operating name of Culture and Sport Glasgow, is the controller of personal information collected by us that is necessary for our processing purposes. Glasgow Sport is a service within Glasgow Life. See Contact Us for details of our data protection officer.
(Purposes) Why do we need your personal information and what do we do with it?
Glasgow Sport manages, operates and delivers a range of services at leisure centres and other venues throughout the city, aiming to enable the people and communities of Glasgow to improve their quality of life through culture, sport and learning.  Glasgow Sport process personal information to allow us to develop programmes and content in respect to our public tasks.
For example, when we process the details you provide us when you sign up for Glasgow Club membership or a Pay As You Go booking card, it gives you access to a range of fitness services through Glasgow's network of leisure centres and we need your name and contact information in order to provide you with access to the full range of services, contact you if there is a problem or change to availability and in the case of monthly membership collect payments from your bank each month by direct debit.
Contact us: You can contact our data protection officer about any data protection matter by:
Post: c/o Data Protection, GCC, City Chambers, George Square, Glasgow G2 1DU, United Kingdom.
E-mail: dataprotection@glasgow.gov.uk
Telephone on: 0141 287 1055
Museums Service Description
Service: Glasgow Museums (Museums and Collections)
(Controller) Who we are?
Glasgow Life as a charity delivers cultural, sporting and learning activities on behalf of Glasgow City Council, inspiring Glasgow’s citizens and visitors to lead richer and more active lives.  Glasgow Life, the operating name of Culture and Sport Glasgow, is the controller of personal information collected by us that is necessary for our processing purposes.  Glasgow Museums is a service within Glasgow Life. See contact us below for details of our data protection officer.
(Purposes) Why do we need your personal information and what do we do with it?
Glasgow Museums provide an internationally renowned, award-winning museum service, on behalf of Glasgow City Council as part of our public function.  It’s the largest civic museum service in the UK operating ten sites across the city as well as the Special Collections and City Archives housed at the Mitchell Library. We continue to contribute to the city’s Visitor and Tourism Plan, economic development, world class status and local neighbourhoods through delivery of core services, ambitious programming and capital projects with a service mission of “connecting people, objects and place”. Glasgow Museums process personal information to allow us to develop programme and content in respects to our public tasks.
For example, when we process Museum Enquiries about our collections we need your name and contact information in order to respond to your enquiry.
Contact us: You can contact our data protection officer about any data protection matter by:
Post: c/o Data Protection, GCC, City Chambers, George Square, Glasgow G2 1DU, United Kingdom.
E-mail: dataprotection@glasgow.gov.uk
Telephone on: 0141 287 1055
Arts, Music and Cultural Venues Service Description
Service: Glasgow Arts and Music (Arts, Music and Cultural Venues)
(Controller) Who we are?
Glasgow Life as a charity delivers cultural, sporting and learning activities on behalf of Glasgow City Council, inspiring Glasgow’s citizens and visitors to lead richer and more active lives.  Glasgow Life, the operating name of Culture and Sport Glasgow, is the controller of personal information collected by us that is necessary for our processing purposes.  Glasgow Arts and Music is a service within Glasgow Life. See Contact Us for details of our data protection officer.
(Purposes) Why do we need your personal information and what do we do with it?
Glasgow Arts and Music creates, manages, operates and delivers a range of high-profile venues, festivals, learning programmes, and cultural events of international significance. Working across a range of art forms, the service enhances the standing of Glasgow on the world stage, while delivering local activity at the heart of vibrant communities, providing pathways for all citizens and visitors to experience, and participate in, high-quality cultural activity. Glasgow Arts and Music process personal information to allow us to develop programme and content in respect of our public tasks and to perform contracts or take steps to enter into a contract.
For example, when we process your Ticket purchase it gives you access to events throughout Glasgow’s Cultural Venues including the Glasgow Royal Concert Hall, City Halls, Old Fruitmarket and other venues across the city.
We need your name and contact details to let you purchase tickets for our events by creating your own specific account. We need this information along with your billing information in order to process your payments and dispatch your tickets.
Contact us: You can contact our data protection officer about any data protection matter by:
Post: c/o Data Protection, GCC, City Chambers, George Square, Glasgow G2 1DU, United Kingdom.
E-mail: dataprotection@glasgow.gov.uk
Telephone on: 0141 287 1055
Glasgow Convention Bureau Service Description
Service: Glasgow Convention Bureau
(Controller) Who we are?
Glasgow Life as a charity delivers cultural, sporting and learning activities on behalf of Glasgow City Council, inspiring Glasgow’s citizens and visitors to lead richer and more active lives.  Glasgow Life, the operating name of Glasgow Culture and Sport and of Culture and Sport Glasgow (Trading) C.I.C., is the controller of personal information collected by us that is necessary for our processing purposes.  Glasgow Convention Bureau is a service within Glasgow Life. See Contact Us below for details of our data protection officer.
(Purposes) Why do we need your personal information and what do we do with it?
Glasgow Convention Bureau is responsible for positioning Glasgow as a major conference destination within the UK and internationally working in partnership with businesses and academia. The bureau manages a range of activity, including researching, attracting and supporting a variety of conferences to the city. The bureau also manages conference accommodation bookings. Glasgow Convention Bureau processes personal information to allow us to secure conference business and to provide conference and visitor services to the city that meet our public task.
For example, when we process your literature requests, where you request city tourist information leaflets for your conference attendees, we need your name and contact information in order to provide you with these services.
Contact us: You can contact our data protection officer about any data protection matter by:
Post: c/o Data Protection, GCC, City Chambers, George Square, Glasgow G2 1DU, United Kingdom.
E-mail: dataprotection@glasgow.gov.uk
Telephone on: 0141 287 1055
Development/Fundraising Service Description
Service:  Fundraising Team
(Controller) Who we are?
Glasgow Life as a charity (charity no:SC037844) delivers cultural, sporting and learning activities on behalf of Glasgow City Council, inspiring Glasgow’s citizens and visitors to lead richer and more active lives.  Glasgow Life, the operating name of Culture and Sport Glasgow, is the controller of personal information collected by us that is necessary for our processing purposes. Glasgow Life’s Fundraising Team is a service within Glasgow Life. See Contact Us below for details of our data protection officer.
(Purposes) Why do we need your personal information and what do we do with it?
The Glasgow Life’s Fundraising Team inspires Glasgow’s citizens and visitors to support our fundraising campaigns, appeals and projects to make a positive impact on individuals, the communities in which they live and the city as a whole.  Over 75% of the population of Glasgow benefit from our programmes, services and activities every year through our Arts, Communities, Events, Museums, Sport, Young Glasgow, Music programmes and Libraries service, on behalf of Glasgow City Council as part of our public function.  The Fundraising team process personal information to allow us to process donations, manage memberships and corporate sponsorships.
For example, in order to process your donation or membership we need your name, contact and financial information in order to process the payment and send confirmation of your donation or send your membership card.
Specific Privacy Notices
Parental Employment Support Fund
Test and Protect Privacy Notice
Business re-opening Register Destination Marketing
Direct Marketing and Promotions - Corporate V1
Direct Marketing and Promotions - Corporate V2
Comments, Compliments, Complaints - Corporate
Equalities Monitoring - Corporate
FOI and EIRs - Corporate
Incident Reporting - Corporate
Subject Access Rights Request - Corporate
Statistical Research - Corporate
Invoice Processing - Corporate
Media Enquiries and Interview Requests - Corporate
MyJobScotland May 2018 - Corporate
Managing Employees May 2018 - Corporate
Complaints Process Survey - Corporate
Public Wi-Fi - Corporate
CCTV and Body Worn Cameras - Corporate
Consultation and Research
Work Experience - Corporate
Volunteering - Corporate
Claims - Corporate
Procurement Activities - Corporate
Consultation and Research - Corporate
Tenant Contact Details - Corporate
Neatebox Venue Visit Bookings - Corporate
Acquisitions - Museums and Collections
Biological Records Centre - Museums and Collections
Community Loan Service - Museums and Collections
Copy Requests - Museums and Collections
Copyright - Museums and Collections
Exhibition Proposal - Museums and Collections
Filming or Recording Subject Consent - Museums and Collections
Licensing - Museums and Collections
Museum Enquiries - Museums and Collections
Permission to take Images - Museums and Collections
Code of Practice for using Glasgow Museum Research Materials - Museums and Collections
Archives Reader Registration - Museums and Collections
Archives Copy Request - Museums and Collections
Archives Copyright Waiver - Museums and Collections
Archives Burial Enquiries - Museums and Collections
Archives Otherwise Closed Archives - Museums and Collections
Archives Photographic Request - Museums and Collections
Production Fee for Dean of Guild Building Control
Architectural Drawings - Museums and Collections
Archives Receipt for Donation to City Archives - Museums and Collections
Archives Registration of Major Research Project - Museums and Collections
Parental Agreement for Child Participation and Welfare Arrangements - Museums and Collections
Library Membership - Communities and Libraries
Parental Agreement for Child Participation and Welfare Arrangements - Communities and Libraries
GYS NEC Photo Referee - Communities and Libraries
School Lets - Communities and Libraries
Book Club Registration - Communities and Libraries
Summer Reading Challenge - Communities and Libraries
Learning - Learning Registration
Learning Case Studies
Lets - Community Facilities
Accommodation Group Bookings - Conventions
Client Enquiries - Conventions
Client Travel and Accommodation (Site Visits) - Conventions
Diary - Conventions
Civic Applications - Conventions
Client Satisfaction Survey - Conventions
Conference Support Service Information - Conventions
Literature Requests - Conventions
Member contacts - Conventions
Good Move Revitalise - Sport
Learn to Swim Programme - Sport
Holiday Programme - Sport
Participation Programmes - Sport
Rugby Holiday Programme - Sport
Live Active Referral Scheme - Sport
Glasgow Club Membership Agreement - Sport
Grant Application Funding - Sport
Parental Agreement for Child Participation and Welfare Arrangements - Sport and Events
Application for a Let - Cultural Venues
Ticket Purchase - Arts, Music & Cultural Venues
Glossary
Related Content
Website Privacy Policy and Cookies
Policy Statement on Special Category and Criminal Convictions and Offences Data
Information Use and Privacy Policy
Record Retention Schedule
Privacy Statement
General Privacy Notice
What's on
About us
Support us
Work with us
Volunteer with us
News
Venue hire
Accessibility
Freedom of information
Glasgow Life Privacy
Contact us
Glaschu Beò - Glasgow Life
Contact us
Glasgow Life, Commonwealth House, 38 Albion Street, Glasgow G1 1LH
0141 287 4350
info@glasgowlife.org.uk
registered charity SC037844
© Glasgow Life 2018
* Glasgow Life is the operating name of Culture and Sport Glasgow and Culture and Sport (Trading) CIC.