http://www.dragonballgt.com/legal/terms
Terms
FUNimation Productions, Ltd. and The FUNimation Store, Ltd. offer all products and provide all services to you subject
to the following notices, terms, and conditions. The Z Store, zstore.com, and dbzstore.com are owned and operated by
The FUNimation Store, Ltd. FUNimation Productions, Ltd. owns and operates Club Z, dragonballz.com, funimation.com,
funimation.net, yuyuhakusho.com, bluegender.com, and other sites. Hereinafter, The FUNimation Store Ltd. and
FUNimation Productions, Ltd. will be referred to collectively as "FUNimation ". When you elect to join, purchase
from and/or use any of the services provided by FUNimation you consent to and will be subject to the rules,
guidelines, policies, terms, and conditions applicable to such sale and/or service. If you do not agree to these
terms of use, please do not use FUNimation 's sites listed above.
Copyright
All Dragon Ball, Dragon Ball Z, FUNimation, and other copyrighted materials and all content included on this site,
such as text, graphics, logos, video clips, episodes, button icons, images, characters, audio clips, and software,
are the property of FUNimation or its content suppliers and are protected by U.S. and international copyright laws.
The compilation (meaning the collection, arrangement, and assembly) of all content on this site is the exclusive
property of FUNimation and is protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. All software used on this site
is the property of FUNimation or its software suppliers and is protected by U.S. and international copyright laws.
Any reproduction, modification, distribution, transmission, republication, display, or performance of the content on
this site is strictly prohibited without permission through the Consent Agreement.
Trademarks
Dragon Ball, Dragon Ball Z, Dragon Ball GT, and all related characters, images and logos are registered trademarks of
Toei Animation and FUNimation in the United States and other countries. Dragon Ball, Dragon Ball Z, and Dragon Ball GT
and other FUNimation graphics, logos, and service names are trademarks of FUNimation. FUNimation 's trademarks may not
be used in connection with any product or service without the express written permission of FUNimation.
Links
This site may contain links to other web sites which are not owned or operated by FUNimation ( "Linked Sites ").
The Linked Sites are for your convenience only, and you access them at your own risk. FUNimation is not responsible
for the content of the Linked Sites, whether or not FUNimation is affiliated with sponsors of the sites. FUNimation
does not in any way endorse the Linked Sites.
FUNimation welcomes links to this site. You may establish a hypertext link to this site, provided that the link
does not state or imply any sponsorship or endorsement of your site by FUNimation. You may not use on your site
any trademarks, service marks, or copyrighted materials appearing on any FUNimation site, including but not limited
to any logos or characters, unless you sign, return, and adhere to FUNimation Productions, Ltd. 's Consent Agreement.
You may not frame or otherwise incorporate into another web site any of the content or other materials on the
FUNimation site.
Submissions
We are pleased to hear from our fans and welcome your comments regarding FUNimation 's products and services.
Unfortunately, however, FUNimation 's company policy does not allow us to accept or consider creative ideas,
suggestions, or materials other that those we have specifically requested. Accordingly, please do not send us
any original creative materials such as stories or character ideas, screenplays, or original artwork unless we
have specifically requested you to do so. Any emails, notes, message/chat/forum postings, ideas, suggestions,
concepts or other material submitted will immediately become the property of FUNimation throughout the universe
and in perpetuity. FUNimation shall be entitled, consistent with our policies regarding privacy, to use the
material or any of its elements for any type of use forever, including in any media whether now known or hereafter
devised. When you submit material to FUNimation 's web sites, you agree that FUNimation has the right to publish
or otherwise use the material or any of its elements for any type of use, including promotional and advertising purposes.
Use of Site
This site or any portion of this site may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, or otherwise
exploited for any purpose that is not expressly permitted by FUNimation in writing. FUNimation reserves the
right to refuse service, terminate accounts, and/or cancel orders in its sole discretion, including, without
limitation, if FUNimation believes that the customers conduct violates applicable law or is harmful to the
interests of FUNimation or its affiliates.
Risk of Loss
All items purchased from FUNimation are made pursuant to a shipment contract. This means that the
risk of loss and title for such items pass to you upon our delivery to the carrier.
Disclaimer
This site and the materials on this site are provided by Funimation on an "as is" basis. Funimation makes no
representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of the site or the information,
content, materials, or products included on this site. To the full extent permissible by applicable law, Funimation
disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability
and fitness for a particular purpose. Neither Funimation nor any of its affiliate or related entities, nor any person
involved in the creation, production, and distribution of this site warrant that the functions contained in the materials
will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that Funimation or the server that makes them
available are free of viruses or other harmful components. The material that you read on this site is provided solely
for entertainment and promotional purposes. Funimation does not warrant or make any representations regarding the use
or the results of the use of the materials in this site in terms of the correctness, accuracy, reliability, or otherwise.
You expressly agree that the use of this site is at your sole risk. You (and not Funimation) assume the entire cost of
all necessary servicing, repair or correction. You expressly agree that neither Funimation, nor its affiliated or
related entities, nor any of their respective employees, or agents, nor any person or entity involved in the creation,
production, and distribution of this web site are responsible or liable to any person or entity whatsoever for any
loss, damage (whether actual, consequential, punitive or otherwise), injury, claim, liability or other cause of any
kind or character whatsoever based upon or resulting from the use of this site or any other Funimation web site.
Funimation will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of this site, including, but not
limited to direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, and consequential damages. you expressly acknowledge and agree
that Funimation is not liable or responsible for any defamatory, offensive or illegal conduct of other subscribers
or third parties.
Disclaimer
This site is created, controlled and operated by FUNimation from its offices within the State of Texas, USA.
FUNimation makes no representation that materials in FUNimation's web site are appropriate or available for
use in other locations. Those who choose to access this site from other locations do so on their initiative and
are responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable.
This agreement, disclaimers, terms, and conditions, shall be governed by, construed and enforced in accordance
with the laws of the State of Texas, as it is applied to agreements entered into and to be performed entirely
within State, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws. Any action you, any
third party or Funimation bring to enforce this agreement or otherwise brought in connection with any matters related to this
site shall be brought only and exclusively in either the state or federal courts located in Tarrant county,
Texas, and you expressly consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of said courts. If any provision of
this agreement shall be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed
severable from this agreement and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions
contained herein. This is the entire agreement between the parties relating to the matters contained herein and
shall not be modified except in writing by FUNimation. FUNimation reserve the right, at our discretion, to
change, modify, add, or remove portions of our site and these disclaimers, terms, and conditions at any time.
Privacy Policy Manager
FUNimation Productions, Ltd.
Attn: Privacy Policy Manager
1200 Lakeside Pkwy
Flower Mound, TX, 75028 USA
+1-972-355-7300
Legal3@funimation.com