http://www.mirvish.com/privacy-policy#cookiepolicy
Login
Join Our List
Mirvish Newsletters
Submit
Mirvish Newsletter
Info / Manage Your Acccount
Sign-up Today! Receive special offers & behind the scenes theatre info.
Search
Search Site
Submit
Menu
Call
Search Site
Submit
All Shows
Home
Ticket InfoCOVID-19 RELATED FAQSTicket InformationOpen Caption ScheduleAMEX Front of the LineGift CardsSeating Maps360 View Theatre ToursFrequently Asked QuestionsWeather PolicyTerms & Conditions of Ticket Sales Shows GroupsHelpful InfoSchool Groups & EducationTeacher Night Out ProgramGroup ExperiencesEvents & ReceptionsTheatre Tours For GroupsJoin our Group ListDownload Show Posters Subscriptions Plan Your VisitTheatre Etiquette GuidelinesMIRVISH EXPRESSMap & DirectionsParkingKing Street Transit Priority CorridorHotelsRestaurants TheatresCome From Away TimelineEd Mirvish Theatre TimelinePrincess of Wales Timeline
MEANWHILE
SUBSCRIBER VIP AREA
Buy Tickets
Privacy Policy
At Mirvish Productions we respect your right to privacy and we understand that users of any Mirvish Productions website - including www.mirvish.com and www.ticketking.com - need to be in control of their personal information. "Personal information" includes, but is not limited to, name, address, telephone number, e-mail address and credit card information. Mirvish Productions does not sell, rent, or otherwise disclose any of this information. Mirvish Productions adopted this Privacy Policy to inform users of the www.mirvish.com and www.ticketking.com internet sites and how the sites collect, store and use personal information submitted by users.
Collection of Information
Certain applications on the www.mirvish.com and www.ticketking.com internet sites may require users to register or to provide personal information in order to make a commercial transaction (e.g. purchase tickets to a show), to enter a contest/promotion, or to subscribe to a newsletter. This information is collected on behalf of Mirvish Productions and TicketKing and is shared with a limited number of authorized third parties to assist in creating a more personalized purchasing experience. Note that no financial information (e.g., credit card numbers) are shared, and all information is stored securely and in encrypted form.
Mailing Lists (ENEWS, Groups, Onstage, Show-Related Emails)
Mirvish Productions provides a number of free email-based communications:
ESTAGE
You will only receive ESTAGE if you sign-up expressly through Mirvish.com or through the TicketKing Call Centre. ESTAGE will be sent periodically with special offers, updated information and new services.
ENEWS/SPECIAL OFFERS
Sent to those who sign-up expressly through Mirvish.com, through the TicketKing Call Centre or those who have made a purchase with Mirvish Productions or TicketKing (and provide an email address).
GROUP COMMUNICATIONS
Group Communications will only be sent to those who have made a purchase on behalf of a group, via Mirvish Productions' Group Sales team or for those who have expressly opted-in via the Mirvish Productions Group Sales Team.
ONSTAGE
ONSTAGE is Mirvish Productions' email newsletter exclusively for Season Subscribers. Only those subscribed to the current Mirvish Productions Theatre Season will be opted in to this communication.
SHOW-RELATED EMAILS
As a service to our customers, show-related emails will be sent both in advance and after a performance they have purchased tickets to highlighting key information about the performance.
Any electronic correspondence sent to you by Mirvish Productions will always offer you the option to be removed from the e-mail/electronic mailing list.Remove InformationYou may be removed from any mailing lists through the unsubscribe link found in any email received or by emailing info@mirvish.com with the email address you wish to have unsubscribed.
Modify Information
You may contact Mirvish Productions directly at:
MAILMirvish Productions322 King Street West, 4th FloorToronto, Ontario, Canada M5V 1J2
EMAIL info@mirvish.com
ticket information
To correspondent about regular (non-subscription) tickets or anything to do with the purchasing of tickets, exchanges, refunds and the like, email customerservice@ticketking.comPlease note: All ticket purchases are final sale, no refunds or exchanges, except under very special circumstances such as the Covid-19 pandemic.
SUBSCRIPTIONS
To correspondent with the subscription department about subscriber accounts, subscriber tickets, subscriber feedback or questions from subscribers email: subscriptions@mirvish.com
GROUP SALES
Mirvish Group Sales is temporarily closed.  For any ticket inquiries email: groups@mirvish.com
Email Communications are sent through an Email Marketing System (EMS) that is managed by Relation1.
Online Transactions
An Email address is required when making a purchase online through the www.ticketking.com or www.mirvish.com internet sites in order to complete the transaction. Email addresses provided through this are used to send you a confirmation of your transaction, pre-show reminders, post show thank you emails and special offers/E-News emails. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time through the unsubscribe link found in these emails. Under Canada’s Anti-Spam legislation, individuals can be sent commercial electronic messages from an organization with whom they have an existing business relationship or who have expressly opted-in to receive communications. For more details on CASL, you can read the legislation in its full form at the Government of Canada’s website http://laws-lois.justice.gc.ca/eng/acts/E-1.6/
TEXT ALERTS
Mirvish Text Alerts (SMS) allows you to receive text messages on your mobile device. By providing your mobile number, and opting in, you agree to receive real-time text alerts about your Mirvish Theatre Subscription including; performance reminders, ticket information and special offers for select Mirvish shows (no more than 2/month).
To unsubscribe from the text service, you can do so at any time by simply texting* STOP to shortcode 242424 in Canada or follow the unsubscribe instructions included in any text message. Contact Mirvish Subscriptions at subscriptions@mirvish.com or text* HELP to 242424 in Canada for further assistance.
*Message and data rates may apply.  Please contact your wireless carrier for details. Service only available in Canada.
Information to Third Parties/Contests and Promotions
Mirvish Productions may occasionally present a special contest or promotion on its websites or through a mailing list that is accessed through a partnership with another organization(s). To qualify for entry, we may ask you to provide personal information (i.e. name, address, phone number and other demographic information). If we plan to share that information with the other participating partners, we will provide a statement to that effect.
We strongly suggest you read any rules and regulations that are provided for contests and promotions provided through the www.mirvish.com or www.ticketking.com internet sites or through a mailing list, determine how your information is to be used.
Financial information
Mirvish Productions will protect any personal financial information that you share with us. If you make a purchase on-line through www.ticketking.com or www.mirvish.com for any of our productions or any other productions for which TicketKing is an agent, we will use your credit card number only to process your payment and will not use it for marketing purposes. For reasons of security, credit card information is not stored on our web server. We will retain order information for our records, but this information is never shared with third parties. Any web page on our site(s) that requests credit card information is encrypted, using Secure Socket Layer technology for your protection.
Links
Our site includes links to other web sites whose privacy policies we don't control. Once you leave our servers (you can check where you are by checking the URL in the location bar on your browser), use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site you are visiting. That policy may differ from ours. If you can't find the privacy policy of any of these sites via a link from the site's homepage, you should contact the site directly for more information. Mirvish Productions is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites.
Cookies
The Mirvish and TicketKing website uses cookies to inform us how our website is operating, remember the browser’s preferences for customized content, what has been purchased via the browser, and other settings. Without these cookies installed, many of the services offered by the website will fail to function.
Our cookies fall into two categories:
Essential cookies are required for the website to operate properly. If these are deactivated, a user will not be able to use essential website services.
Performance cookies are used to monitor website performance. They allow us to correct errors and optimize our website for the best possible user experience.
Some of the cookies used on our site come from service providers and advertisers which fall into the categories above. Cookies from services such as Google Analytics allow us to monitor web traffic and help us with market analysis and improving performance. Google AdWords, AdRoll, and other similar online advertising services use cookies which allow advertisers to ensure we're serving relevant ads to users.
It is important to note that no personal identifying information is gathered or transmitted with the cookies used on this site.
If you are based in the European Union and would like to learn more about how advertisers use these types of cookies or to choose not to receive them, please visit Your Online Choices.
If you are based in Canada or the United States and would like to learn more, please visit Your Ad Choices.
How can I block cookies?
Disabling cookies is a function of the browser you are using to view our site. The Help feature in most browsers provides the method for disabling cookies, and allaboutcookies.org provides extensive information on managing cookies in most browsers.
If you have any questions regarding third party tracking on this website please contact info@mirvish.com.
Event Search
S
M
T
W
T
F
S