http://www.mosaicsnyc.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy — Mosaics NYC
Mosaics NYC
Home
Portfolio
Commercial
Residential
Studio & Specialty
Baskets and Containers
Gallery
Store
Contact
Mosaics NYC
Home/
Portfolio/CommercialResidentialStudio & SpecialtyBaskets and ContainersGallery
Store/
Contact/
Mosaics NYC
Privacy Policy
Mosaics NYC
Home/
Portfolio/CommercialResidentialStudio & SpecialtyBaskets and ContainersGallery
Store/
Contact/
Downtown Design / Mosaics NYC Privacy PolicyThe privacy of your personal
information is of the utmost importance to www.mosaicsnyc.com.
Any information gathered by this website will be kept strictly
confidential and will only be used or shared in ways for which
you have specifically consented.Unless we have your
express consent, mosaicsnyc.com, will not sell, rent, loan,
trade or lease your personal information to any third party. We
will take special care to protect the privacy and security of
your information.This policy explains our information practices
and the choices you can make about the way mosaicsnyc.com
collects and uses your information.This Privacy Policy
covers the information you provide to us offline and at
mosaicsnyc.com.  Our Privacy Policy does not apply to third
party websites that may be accessible through the
www.mosaicsnyc.com. We encourage you to read the privacy
policies of those third parties to learn how they collect and
use information about you.Information you
provide
Downtown Design
collects personal information when you:
Request products or services. Information
such as name, e-mail address, phone number, physical address
and company-related information may be requested. If you
purchase one of our products, www.mosaicsnyc.com does not
maintain a record or knowledge of your credit card number.
Credit card numbers are passed directly from consumer to the
credit card processing service using secure sockets layer
(SSL) encryption.
Register for a member account in order to
receive www.mosaicsnyc.com resources such as e-mail updates
and e-newsletter messages. Name, company, phone, e-mail and
password are collected and will only be used to provide you
with the information and services you've requested.
Contact mosaicsnyc.com with a question or
suggestion in which we collect your name, e-mail address and
any comments you have. We only use this information to
respond to and/or resolve your question or concern.
Optional information
When
accessing mosaicsnyc.com, we may give you the option of
submitting other general information. Optional information is
requested to help us better understand our clients, customers
and web visitors. If you have requested that we send you
additional information regarding www.mosaicsnyc.com products,
service and events, we may also use the optional information to
fulfill this request.
Technical
information
When you visit our
website, mosaicsnyc.com may collect technical information that
does not by itself identify a specific individual. This
information (sometimes referred to as "non-personally
identifiable") may include the address (or "URL") of the website
that you came from before visiting our site, which pages you
visit on our site, which browser you used to view our site and
any search terms you have entered on our site. This technical
data is aggregated and used to measure and improve the
effectiveness of the our website. We do not attempt to combine
this technical data with the personal information we collect on
our site.Third Party Advertisers
mosaicsnyc.com does
NOT use third party advertising companies to provide
advertisements or allow third party advertisers to track your
browsing activities on the www.mosaicsnyc.com website.
DOES mosaicsnyc.com
SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Unless we have your express consent,
mosaicsnyc.com, and affiliated companies, will NOT sell, rent,
loan, trade or lease personal information such as account data
or e-mail lists to any third party. We treat all information you
provide as confidential. Occasionally, we may contract with
other companies to provide limited services on our behalf such
as mailing and delivering purchases.
From time to time, we may be required to
provide personal information in response to a valid court order,
subpoena, government investigation, or as otherwise required by
law. Unless prevented by law, we will notify you prior to the
release of such information. We also reserve the right to report
to law enforcement agencies any activities that we, in good
faith, believe to be unlawful. We may release certain personal
information when we believe that such release is reasonably
necessary to protect the rights, property, and safety of others
and ourselves.
DO I HAVE CHOICES
REGARDING HOW MY INFORMATION IS USED?
You remain in control of your information.
mosaicsnyc.com and affiliated companies, will NOT use or share
the personal information we collect in ways unrelated to the
purpose for which you provided the information without first
obtaining your consent (opt-in). At the time you provide your
information, you can choose whether you want to receive further
communications about special offers, product information or
other marketing messages.
If we collect your information and you are
not presented with a choice, that indicates the information you
submit will only be used to fulfill your request. If you do
opt-in to marketing communications from  mosaicsnyc.com, you can
opt-out at any time. All e-mail communications from us, such as
newsletters, tell you how to stop receiving them.
CAN I ACCESS/UPDATE MY
INFORMATION?
mosaicsnyc.com wants your information and
preferences to be accurate and complete. If you would like to
access or update the personal information we maintain about you
in our systems, you may do so online while logged into your
client account.
HOW DOES mosaicsnyc.com
SECURE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION?
mosaicsnyc.com uses a variety of
safeguards to protect your information from loss, misuse,
alteration or destruction. For example, we use Secure Sockets
Layer (SSL) technology supporting up to 128-bit encryption to
prevent unauthorized parties from viewing any personal
information transmitted to or from www.mosaicsnyc.com during
your session at our website. We only provide access to your
personal information to www.mosaicsnyc.com employees and other
authorized parties on a "need to know"  basis. We have also
registered with a certification authority and have obtained
digital certificates for www.mosaicsnyc.com allowing your
browser to confirm our server's identity. Please be careful
whenever sending personal information to www.mosaicsnyc.com via
e-mail. E-mail is commonly not a secure means of transferring
information.
WHOM CAN I CONTACT IF I
HAVE QUESTIONS OR CONCERNS?
Please contact our office manager to
report any known or suspected privacy or security breaches or to
submit privacy-related questions or complaints. After receiving
your inquiry, we will respond within five business days. You may
contact us in the following ways:
WILL THIS PRIVACY
POLICY CHANGE?
If there are changes or additions to this Privacy Policy, we
will post those changes here so that you will always know what
information we collect online or offline, how we use it and what
choices you have. By visiting  mosaicsnyc.com, you are
accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
Scope of Policy This statement applies to
websites operated by or on behalf of mosaicsnyc.com and its
affiliated companies, business units, brands, and subsidiaries.
This Privacy Policy applies to
www.mosaicsnyc.com, and all business unit, and operated web
sites. Not every affiliated web site offers all of the services
mentioned in the Privacy Policy; however, the policy remains in
effect for all services that are available on each website.
Home/
Portfolio/CommercialResidentialStudio & SpecialtyBaskets and ContainersGallery
Store/
Contact/
Mosaics NYC
Downtown Design NYC
Experts in
Custom Glass and Tile Mosaic
Downtown Design mosaics are found in
some of the most distinctive and critically acclaimed
architectural projects. Our work can also be found in
many private residences, restaurants, cafe's, and
commercial buildings.  Downtown Design has earned national recognition with an
established clientele list.
Downtown Design mosaics are found in
some of the most distinctive and critically acclaimed
architectural projects. Our work can also be found in
many private residences, restaurants, cafe's, and
commercial buildings.Mosaic Art is visually attractive, exciting and fully functional.  Projects range from huge multi-room wall and floor mosaics, down to a simple a mosaic mirror or table.
© 2020 mosaicsnyc.com / Downtown Design · Legal Notice