http://www.blackmoreplayers.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Toggle navigation
Blackmore Players
Home
What's On
Membership
Past Shows
Contact
Go!
Previous
Next
Privacy PolicyPrivacy commitment
Blackmore Players is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This policy sets out what personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, and how it will be used. Please read it through carefully and if you have any queries contact privacy@blackmoreplayers.co.uk.
Where we collect information from
When you give data to us directly:
Purchase a ticket, make a donation or purchase a membership
Sign up to our mailing list
Complete one of our surveys
Participate in one of our events, workshops or classes
Contact us on one of our online platforms such as (but not exclusively) Twitter, Facebook, Instagram
Contact us directly by telephone, electronically, post or in person with feedback about your experience
When you give data to us indirectly:
Purchase tickets through an agent or third party for one of our events or prize draws
Browse or purchase items on our website
Open and/or follow links and interact with emails and marketing you receive
Interact with us or mention us on social media sites
What we collect and how it is used
Personal Data
Personal data includes your contact details, your contact preferences, details of communications with you. This enables us to conduct business with you and provide you with the best service for your needs, and to keep you informed about Blackmore Players.
Children's Data
We collect and store data for under 16s who are members of the company, this is only done with consent from the parent/carer of the child before collecting this data. This information is available to a restricted number of staff for whom it is deemed necessary. When the young person reaches 16, consent is sought from the individual.
Purposes of use
Administering purchases
You give us Personal Data, such as your name and contact details so we can administer purchases (tickets, subscriptions, memberships, and donations) made online, in person or over the telephone. If you choose to save the details of your card for future purchases on your account, these details are captured by Ticket Source, our payment provider, and a token is stored on our system in place of the full card number. If you pay for a membership by direct
debit your bank details are stored as Special Category Data. All transactions are conducted in accordance with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard.
If you make a booking over the telephone, we may record your call for training purposes or to review a transaction. Recording is paused when payment details are given so no financial details are captured on the recording.
We may store notes about your previous bookings and your feedback to enable us to address your needs and requirements for future bookings.
Fundraising
We use Personal Data you give us when you purchase a ticket, membership, make a donation or join our mailing list to carry out fundraising activity.
You can opt out of your data being used for this purpose by contacting: privacy@blackmoreplayers.co.uk.
Marketing
Electronic and postal
Based on your contact preferences we use your details to keep you up to date about forthcoming events and your purchases at Blackmore Players. You can opt out of this at any time by contacting privacy@blackmoreplayers.co.uk.
We sometimes use segmentation based on postcodes, booking history and your interactions with us to assist us with sending you relevant information about news, offers and opportunities to support Blackmore Players.
On occasion we may obtain your details from a third party that you have given permission to share your details. If we contact you based on this, we will always state where this information comes from in the first communication and give you a clear opt-out option.
Online
Depending on your device's privacy settings and those on other websites and apps you use, we may aggregate information you give us directly or indirectly to target advertising and social media posts. For example we may create a specific campaign to be shown on social media to people in the CM4 postcode area aged between 16 and 25, or an advert to target specific people who have visited a particular page on our website.
How a website tracks you depends on the privacy settings on the device you are using and any privacy settings you have set up with individual sites and apps. To find out more about this, what types of tracking we use and how you can opt out visit our Cookies page.
Reporting and analysis
We use the data you give us directly and indirectly to report on sales and audiences at Blackmore Players and to improve your experience. This reporting is created from aggregated data and is not attributable to individuals.
Our website
When you visit our website we may automatically collect technical information about your session including the Internet Protocol (IP) address that connects your device to the internet, the type of device you use, your browser, operating system, whether you made a purchase and from where you have arrived at our site. We do not link this information to anything that identifies individuals. This information enables us to analyse how the website is used, where improvements can be made and to report to funding and public bodies.
We use essential and non-essential cookies on our website. A cookie is a small text file of letters and numbers that gets put onto your computer when you visit a website. This allows the site to distinguish you from other users. Essential cookies are required to login or to purchase items from our website. Non-essential cookies are used to track how you use and interact with our website and for analytical purposes and to monitor the efficacy of digital advertising. Cookies are not normally linked to information that allows us to identify individuals. Alongside cookies we use tracking pixels which follow your activity after clicking a link from a third party site. This does not allow us to personally identify you, but may be used by the third party site. For more details on how and which cookies we use and how you adjust the settings on your device and specific apps please visit our Cookies page.
On site
If you have an accident while on the premises we will record your contact information and details of your injury for HSE purposes. We may also record your contact details in connection to other queries you may have while on site.
If you visit the backstage area of the village hall during a performance, we may record your personal details to monitor who is on the premises.
Keeping your information up to date
Please let us know when your details change so we can make sure that our information is current. However, we do have other processes in place to ensure that we keep our records up to date:
If we find a record on our system that matches another one and we are sure it is the same person, we may merge the two accounts so we have all your information in the same place.
We will remove the postal contact preferences if no purchase/ donation/ membership has been made on your account for 3 years.
We will remove the email marketing contact preferences if emails are not opened for 1 year.
We will remove the telephone contact preferences if no purchase/ donation/ membership has been made on your account for 3 years.
Any documents to support a membership will be destroyed when the membership expires, or when the membership is cancelled.
You can update your contact preferences at any time by contacting privacy@blackmoreplayers.co.uk.
Your rights
If you wish to amend your data, ask us to stop using your Personal and Special Category Data for reasons other than processing your transaction, or erase your Personal and/or Special Category Data please contact us at privacy@blackmoreplayers.co.uk. You have a right to ask for a copy of the information we hold about you. To request this please send an email to privacy@blackmoreplayers.co.uk. We do not make a charge for this. We endeavour to respond to requests within 30 days.