https://www.peterrandall-page.com/privacy-cookies/
Sculpture
Drawings
Prints
Architectural
News
About
About Artist
Biography
CV
Exhibitions
Public Commissions
Public Collections
Publications
Design Projects
Essays and Interviews
Video
Contact
Privacy & Cookies
Search
E-Newsletter
Sculpture Map
PRIVACY & COOKIES POLICIES
PRIVACY POLICY
Your privacy is very important and this Privacy Notice explains what data we collect and how we use it. It was last updated on 28th September  2018.
If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Notice, do not hesitate to contact us through email at contact@peterrandall-page.com
Peter Randall-Page is the data controller.
Peter Randall-Page Studios Ltd
Registered Office:
Veet Mill Farm
Crockernwell
Exeter, EX6 6NL
Registered in England No. 10945838
If you are not happy with any aspect of the collection and use of your data, please contact us to help resolve the matter. If you are still not happy, you have the right to complain to the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) who can be contacted at www.ico.org.uk.
Data is only useful to anyone if it is accurate and we want your experience with us to be the best possible. Please help us to keep your information up to date by emailing contact@peterrandall-page.com with any changes.
The Data We Collect
If you subscribe to our newsletter, we collect your name and email address. We will only send you newsletters if you have consented to receive them. Your name and email address is held on a secure server. We use Campaign Monitor to send out newsletters, a recognised company that is GDPR compliant and your information is password protected.
If you purchase our sculptures or other goods, we will collect your name, email address, transaction data, billing and shipping addresses in order to fulfil our contract with you. Transaction data will be retained as legally required by HMRC.
If you exhibit our sculptures or other goods, we will collect your organisation name, contact details and email address in order to send you the pieces and communicate with you.
Log Files
Peter Randall-Page follows a standard procedure of using log files for website visits. These files log visitors when they visit websites. All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services’ analytics. The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. The purpose of the information is for analysing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movement on the website, and gathering demographic information.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Like any other website, Peter Randall-Page uses ‘cookies’. These cookies are used to store information including visitors’ preferences, and the pages on the website that the visitor accessed or visited. The information is used to optimize the users’ experience by customizing our web page content based on visitors’ browser type and/or other information. You can choose to disable cookies in your browser options and settings, but please be aware that the website may not function properly if you do.
Financial & Transaction Data
Data related to purchases is retained as required by law and is securely held.
If you purchase an item of sculpture or other goods created by me and sold through a gallery, your contract is with the gallery in question and you should consult their privacy notice for details of how they manage your personal data. We do not receive any personal data from the gallery.
Third Party Links
On occasion, we include links to third parties on this website. Where we provide a link it does not mean that we endorse or approve that site’s policy towards visitor privacy. You should review their privacy policy before sending them any personal data.
Consent
By using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Notice.
Your Rights
Your rights to data protection are covered by UK and EU Data Protection laws. You can find out more about your rights through the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) in the UK. https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr/individual-rights/
If you wish to exercise any of your rights, please contact contact@peterrandall-page.com
COOKIE POLICY
This is the Cookie Policy for Peter Randall-Page, accessible from www.peterrandall-page.com
What Are Cookies
As is common practice with almost all professional websites this site uses cookies, which are tiny files that are downloaded to your computer, to improve your experience. This page describes what information they gather, how we use it and why we sometimes need to store these cookies. We will also share how you can prevent these cookies from being stored however this may downgrade or ‘break’ certain elements of the sites functionality.
For more general information on cookies see the Wikipedia article on HTTP Cookies.
How We Use Cookies
We use cookies for a variety of reasons detailed below. Unfortunately in most cases there are no industry standard options for disabling cookies without completely disabling the functionality and features they add to this site. It is recommended that you leave on all cookies if you are not sure whether you need them or not in case they are used to provide a service that you use.
Disabling Cookies
You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser Help for how to do this). Be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit. Disabling cookies will usually result in also disabling certain functionality and features of the this site. Therefore it is recommended that you do not disable cookies.
The Cookies We Set
Email newsletters related cookies
This site offers newsletter or email subscription services and cookies may be used to remember if you are already registered and whether to show certain notifications which might only be valid to subscribed/unsubscribed users.
Site preferences cookies
In order to provide you with a great experience on this site we provide the functionality to set your preferences for how this site runs when you use it. In order to remember your preferences we need to set cookies so that this information can be called whenever you interact with a page is affected by your preferences.
Third Party Cookies
In some special cases we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties. The following section details which third party cookies you might encounter through this site.
This site uses Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solution on the web for helping us to understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content.
For more information on Google Analytics cookies, see the official Google Analytics page.
More Information
Hopefully that has clarified things for you and as was previously mentioned if there is something that you aren’t sure whether you need or not it’s usually safer to leave cookies enabled in case it does interact with one of the features you use on our site.
However if you are still looking for more information then you can contact us through one of our preferred contact methods:
Email: contact@peterrandall-page.com