https://www.centerstage.org/privacy/
Thank you for reviewing our privacy policy.
Center Stage Associates, Inc. ("Baltimore Center Stage") is a nonprofit professional theater company located at 700 North Calvert Street in Baltimore, MD 21202-3686. Baltimore Center Stage's administrative offices can be reached at 410.986.4000.
Baltmore Center Stage is committed to protecting your privacy and employing technology that gives you a powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Baltimore Center Stage website, associated microsites, software, and ticketing platform (Tessitura) which govern our data collection and usage. By using the Baltimore Center Stage website, you consent to the data practices described in this Statement.
How & Why Personal Information is Collected
Baltimore Center Stage will not collect personal, identifying information about you when you visit our website, unless you choose to provide this information to us.
When you purchase tickets, enter certain contests, or sign up for our eNewsletter, we collect personally identifiable information, including your email address, name, address, and/or telephone number. We also use surveys and other methods to collect anonymous demographic information which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, preferences, interests, and favorites.
In order to maintain the quality of our website, track trends in web traffic, and to provide valuable statistics to the theater, the Baltimore Center Stage website automatically identifies and tracks certain information about your computer hardware and software, such as your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times, and referring website addresses.
Baltimore Center Stage's website includes links to the websites of other organizations. We encourage you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to visit by clicking through the Center Stage website, so that you can understand how those websites collect, use, and share your information. Baltimore Center Stage is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites not established or maintained by Baltimore Center Stage.
How Your Personal Information May Be Used
We collect and use personal information to operate the Baltimore Center Stage website, recommend upcoming performances based on past attendance history, and to deliver the services our patrons have requested. Baltimore Center Stage may also contact
patrons to participate in surveys for research purposes. We’re interested in our patron’s opinions of our services, and we often reach out when new services are under consideration.
Baltimore Center Stage will never sell, rent, trade or lease our customer email lists to third parties. We may, from time to time, email you directly on behalf of other business partners to extend offers that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (email, name, address, telephone number) is never transferred to the third party. However, Baltimore Center Stage may share the data we collect with third-party service providers to assist us with statistical analysis, provide customer support, or to manage our eNewsletter deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Baltimore Center Stage, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Baltimore Center Stage does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Using customary internet protocols, Baltimore Center Stage keeps track of the websites and pages our customers visit within Baltimore Center Stage, in order to determine what information and services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and within our website to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Baltimore Center Stage will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Baltimore Center Stage or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Baltimore Center Stage; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Baltimore Center Stage, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Baltimore Center Stage we site uses "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience and to recall your registration information for our website. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a webpage server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you, and are generally provided as a convenience feature to save you time.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Baltimore Center Stage website.
Security of Your Personal Information
Baltimore Center Stage secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted through our websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Links to outside websites
Please note that this site contains links to other websites. Please be aware that it is not possible for us to be responsible for the privacy practices of websites other than our own. We encourage you to make yourself aware of the policies of any website that collects personally identifiable information.
Disclaimer
Under no circumstances shall Baltimore Center Stage, its employees, or contractors be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, punitive, or consequential damages that may result from your use or inability to use the information provided on this or any other website supported or maintained by Baltimore Center Stage or from your reliance on or use of information, services, or merchandise provided on or through the web site or that result from mistakes, errors, omissions, interruptions, defects, deletion of files, delays in operation, or transmission or any failure of performance. If you are dissatisfied with the information provided on this web site, or with any of the practices of Studio Theatre in the operation of this website, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the website.
Changes to this Statement
Baltimore Center Stage may update this Statement of Privacy on certain occasions to reflect company and customer feedback. We encourage you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Baltimore Center Stage is protecting your information.
Further Information
Baltimore Center Stage welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Baltimore Center Stage has not adhered to this Statement, please contact the theater at info@centerstage.org. We will make every reasonable effort to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
Privacy/Legal
Major funding provided by
Email Signup
Join Our Email List
Follow Us