https://www.buzzbox.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Updated: June 2020
Your privacy is important, so we created this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to help you understand how we collect, store, use, or disclose your personal information. This Privacy Policy applies both offline (for example, if we interact with you in person, over the phone, or by mail) and when we interact with you through our online services.
We may eventually have to change this Privacy Policy to reflect new regulations, new technologies or changes to how we collect, use or disclose your personal information. We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time at our sole discretion. The date of the most recent revisions will appear on this page. By using our online services, you confirm that you have read and agreed to or terms of use and accept and consent to the practices described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please do not use or access the website, and if you do not agree to any changes we make in the future, you must end your use of the website and its available services. Any changes will become effective as soon as they are posted to our website.
What do we mean by personal information?
Personal information means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular individual or household. We do not consider personal information to include information that has been de-identified so that it does not allow a third party to easily identify a specific individual. Your name, e-mail address, and IP address are all examples of data that may be personal information. Since your IP address can help us identify you, we treat “cookies” as personal information. Please see our Cookie Policy below to reviewed detailed information about our use of cookies and similar technology.
What personal information do we collect about you?
We collect and store personal information directly from you when you interact with us in person or via social media, or when you submit it to us online on our websites, by phone, by email, or through our Facebook or through our website. Categories of personal information that we collect about you when you interact with us online or offline may include the following:
Identification data, including name, address, birthday and gender;
Contact information, including e-mail address, phone number, and mailing address;
Information you provide when you speak to us over the phone, such as inquiries about product preferences or other personal information you choose to communicate to us;
Location data, for example, you can enter your zip code to know where to find your favorite products near you;
Membership data, such as contact preferences;
Preference data, such as the cocktails that you prefer and products you have purchased;
Information you share with us in connection with surveys, contests, or sweepstakes and promotions (including text-to-win contests) (collectively, “contests and promotions”);
Information you submit to us directly via email or other communication methods including, but not limited to, general inquiries, media inquiries, and customer support.
We may also collect your personal information from other sources, such as our partners and affiliates, and through automatic collection through our website and email.
Internet activity and other electronic data, such as your IP address, device ID, and personal information collected from cookies and similar technology when you open our emails and visit our website (for more information about cookies, how we use them, and your related choices, please see our Cookie Policy below);
Information we get from our partners or affiliates to support our marketing initiatives, administer our contests and promotions, improve our website functionality and services, and monitor, manage, and measure our advertising campaigns;
How do we use your personal information?
We use the above categories of personal information to support our typical business activities (including compliance with legal obligations, security, and anti-fraud purposes), and to provide services to our customers, such as to:
Respond to your requests, for instance, if you use the form “Contact Us” on our website;
Offer you a tailored version of the website;
Manage and administer our website;
Improve our products or services;
Notify you about changes to our legal terms or business practices;
Get in touch with you after you submit an inquiry;
Invite you to participate in surveys on your satisfaction with our products;
Administer, maintain, and communicate with you about contests and promotions in which you have chosen to participate;
How can I opt-out of receiving marketing e-mails?
We may communicate with you through e-mail for marketing and promotional purposes. When you receive such communications, you can always unsubscribe using the link in the e-mail.
Who will access my personal information in your organization?
We only allow our employees to use your personal information on a need to know basis. Our employees handling personal information are subject to confidentiality agreements.
Do we share your personal information with third parties?
We may share the categories of personal information described above with service providers that we partner with to assist us in various functions, including providing technological support and performing security and anti-fraud services, providing you with our services and products (including helping us to administer contests and promotions), providing you with communications and marketing information on our behalf.
These service providers can be classified in the following categories:
Delivery partners, to deliver our products to the right location;
Marketing partners, which we use to send you promotional communications if you consent, for instance;
Promotional vendors, who help us to administer contests and promotions, including by maintaining separate contest and promotion microsites;
IT service providers, such as our data hosting provider;
Other service providers that we may engage to provide services to us or on our behalf
California Privacy Notice and Rights
We do not share personal information (as defined by California Civil Code §1798.83) with other people or non-affiliated businesses for their direct marketing purposes. Our websites do not respond to browser do-not-track signals.
Under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”), California consumers have the right to request:
the deletion of the personal information we have about them
additional information about whether and how we have collected, used, disclosed, and sold personal information about them
the specific pieces of personal information we have about them
California consumers also have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment if they exercise the rights list above.
When you make a request, we may require that you provide information and follow procedures so that we can verify the request and your jurisdiction before responding to it. The verification steps we take may differ depending on the request you make. We will match the information that you provide in your request to information we already have on file to verify your identity. If we are able to verify your request, we will process it. If we cannot verify your request, we may ask you for additional information to help us verify your request.
Consumers will be required to submit their first and last name and email address and may also be asked to provide their telephone number or address so that we can verify the request. Please provide as much of the requested information as possible to help us verify the request. We will only use the information received in a request for the purposes of responding to the request.
California law permits California consumers to use an authorized agent to make privacy rights requests. We require the authorized agent to provide us with proof of the California consumer’s written permission (for example, a power of attorney) that shows the authorized agent has the authority to submit a request for the California consumer. An authorized agent must follow the process described below to make a request. The authorized agent must also verify his/her own identity. We will confirm the agent’s authority with the California consumer about whom the request was made.
You may submit a privacy rights request to us by emailing us at info@buzzbox.com
We are not currently selling your personal information and have not sold your personal information since January 1, 2020, the date the California Consumer Privacy Act went into effect.
Nevada Privacy Rights
Nevada residents have the right to submit a verified request directing us not to sell their personal information. If you are a Nevada resident, and would like to submit such a request, please send your request to the appropriate brand team email listed above.
Updating Your Information
To keep your personal information current and accurate, please contact us as specified below. We will take reasonable steps to update or correct personal information in our possession that you have previously submitted via this website.
Cookie Policy
What are Cookies?
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers or small data text files that are sent from a server during a browsing session. It is a small piece of information that is placed on your computer when you visit certain websites. When we refer to “cookies” we include other technologies with similar purposes, such as tags and identifiers. Find out more about the use of cookies on http://www.cookiecentral.com/.
Why do we use Cookies?
To improve your experience when navigating our website;
To remember some of your preferences, or save some your credentials for your next visit;
To perform analytics and understand the pages and advertisements that you like, how you ended up on our website and from what type of devices;
What type of Cookies do we use?
When you browse our website, different types of cookies are set on your hard disk or your device’s storage space. Cookies can be installed by us or can be installed by third-parties.
First Party Cookies – First party cookies are those that are issued by our website domain, and they can only be set or retrieved by us. They are used for purposes specific to us, such as to personalize the website.
Third Party Cookies – Third party cookies are usually placed on the website via scripts or tags added to a web page. Sometimes, these scripts will also bring additional functionality to the site.
We use different categories of cookies, which we classified using the standard from the International Chamber of Commerce:
Strictly Necessary – These cookies are essential to enable you to navigate our website and use its features.
Performance Cookies – Performance cookies collect information about how visitors use a website, such as the pages that visitors go most often, and whether they get an error messages from our web pages. These cookies don’t collect information that allow us to specifically identify you; it only provides aggregated information about our visitors. Most performance cookies are persistent. For example, we use a cookie called _ga which allows Google Analytics to generate aggregated statistical data on how a visitor uses our website.
Functionality Cookies – These cookies are used to allow certain functionality. For instance, Twitter uses a cookie called lang on some of our websites, which is a session cookie, used to remember your selected language version of the website. Functionality cookies are necessary for e-commerce platform to offer you shopping carts.
Targeting Cookies – These cookies are used to deliver advertising more relevant to you and your interests, including by leverage social media such as Facebook. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as to help measure the effectiveness of a campaign. These cookies can remember that you visited a website and share this information with third parties for re-targeting purposes.
How long do cookies stay installed on my device?
We use both session cookies and persistent cookies.
Session cookies – Those are files set temporarily on your device and deleted once you close your browser. They are not stored nor transmitted to third parties. We use this type of cookies to ensure you have a user-friendly experience.
Persistent cookies – Those remain active on your device for some time, which may vary from a few days to two years after your visit on our website.
Session cookies – Those are files set temporarily on your device and deleted once you close your browser. They are not stored nor transmitted to third parties. We use this type of cookies to ensure you have a user-friendly experience.
Persistent cookies – Those remain active on your device for some time, which may vary from a few days to two years after your visit on our website.
How can I manage my online preferences?
Browsers and devices have tools that allow you to control cookies; you can block them, ensure that you are notified when you are subject to cookies and control the cookies already stored on your device. Adjustments to your preferences can be made in your browser settings. However, if you block all of the cookies, you may not be able to access all our functionalities.
Who may use this website?
The website is not directed to, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from, persons under the age of 21. We do not knowingly collect or store personal information from anyone under the age of 21. ANY PERSON WHO VISITS ANY PORTION OF THE WEBSITE REPRESENTS TO US THAT HE OR SHE IS 21 YEARS OF AGE OR OLDER AND MUST IMMEDIATELY LEAVE THE WEBSITE IF UNDER THE AGE OF 21.
How do we protect children’s privacy online?
Although we do not knowingly collect or store personal information from children, in the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please notify us using the below contact information.
How can I reach you if I have more questions, concerns or any inquiries?
You can always reach out to us at the following email address:
info@buzzbox.com