http://www.egausa.org/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us through our website or write to us (“EGA”) at the following address:
Privacy Matters
c/o The Embroiderers’ Guild of America
1205 East Washington Street, #104
Louisville, Kentucky 40206
EGAHQ@egausa.org
Information EGA collects and how we use it
Whether you are a member of EGA or an interested visitor to this website, we may collect certain types of information:
Information you provide – When you seek to use EGA’s services through the Site, such as the use of our shop, class and event registration and membership services, we ask you for personal information (such as your name, phone number, mobile phone number, email address and an account password).
Cookies – To improve your experience on our site, we may use ‘cookies.’ Cookies are an industry standard and most major web sites use them. A cookie is a small text file that our site may place on your computer as a toot to remember your preferences. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. We use cookies to analyze user activity in order to improve the Site and the quality of our service by storing user preferences and tracking user trends on our Site.
Log information – When you access EGA services, our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website. These server logs may include information such as your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
User communications – When you send email or other communications to EGA, we may retain those communications in order to process your inquiries, respond to your requests and improve our services.
Affiliated sites – We may offer some of our services in connection with other web sites or mobile applications.  Personal information that you provide to those sites or mobile applications may be sent to EGA in order to deliver the service.  We process such information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Any affiliated sites may have different privacy practices, so we encourage you to read their privacy policies.
Links – EGA may present links in a format that enables us to keep track of whether these links have been followed. We use this information to improve the quality of our services.
Other sites – This Privacy Policy applies to EGA services only. We do not exercise control over third-party websites from which you may link from this Site. These other sites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you, and EGA has no control over such activity.
EGA only processes personal information for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. In addition to the above, such purposes include:
Providing and marketing our services and approved third-party services;
Auditing, research and analysis in order to maintain, protect and improve our services;
Ensuring the technical functioning of our network; and
Developing new services.
EGA processes personal information on our servers in the United States of America. In some cases, we process personal information on a server outside your own country.  We may process personal information to provide our own services. In some cases, we may process personal information on behalf of and according to the instructions of a third party.
Choices for personal information
When you sign up for a particular service that requires registration, we ask you to provide personal information. If we use this information in a manner different than the purpose for which it was collected, then we will ask for your consent prior to such use.
If we propose to use personal information for any purposes other than those described in this Privacy Policy, we will offer you an effective way to opt out of the use of personal information for those other purposes. We will not collect or use sensitive information for purposes other than those described in this Privacy Policy, unless we have obtained your prior consent.
Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, but you can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some EGA features and services may not function properly if your cookies are disabled.
You can decline to submit personal information regarding some of our services, in which case EGA may not be able to provide those services to you.
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Information sharing
Your personally identifiable information will not be rented, sold or shared with any third party, except as described in this Privacy Policy or as otherwise agreed to by you.
EGA only shares personal information with other companies or individuals outside of EGA in the following limited circumstances:
When we have your consent. We require opt-in consent for the sharing of any sensitive personal information.
When we provide such information to our subsidiaries, affiliated companies or other trusted businesses or persons for the purpose of processing personal information on our behalf.  We require that these parties agree to process such information based on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
When we have a good faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to (a) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request, (b) enforce applicable Terms of Use, including investigation of potential violations thereof, (c) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, or (d) protect against imminent harm to the rights, property or safety of EGA, its users or the public as required or permitted by law.
EGA may disclose information it has collected from any user of EGA services and/or content that any user has made available to EGA when it believes in good faith that the law or legal process requires it, or when it is necessary to do so to protect the rights or property of EGA or others.
If EGA becomes involved in a merger, acquisition, or any form of sale of some or all of its assets, we will provide notice before personal information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
We may share with third parties certain pieces of aggregated, non-personal information, such as the number of users who searched for a particular term, for example, or how many users clicked on a particular advertisement. Such information does not identify you individually.
For certain services, we also request credit card or other account information which we maintain in encrypted form on secure servers. To the extent you provide us with email addresses for third parties to facilitate use of our services, we will not disclose the addresses you provide to any third party, but may use such addresses to communicate with such third parties regarding our services.
For some of our services we utilize third-party programs with whom we share certain site data:
Authorize.net – We may share your payment information with a secure financial institution to facilitate your purchase of our services using your credit card. (Security)
Infusionsoft – We store information for registered members of our organization using this cloud-based service. Infusionsoft is also used to gather information explicitly entered by users of our Site who choose to register for our newsletter. (Privacy Policy)
Google Analytics – Our Site uses Google Analytics, a service which transmits traffic data to Google servers in the United States. Google ANalytics does not identify individual users or associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. We use reports provided by Google Analytics to help us understand website traffic and webpage usage.
WordPress – Our Site uses WordPress as our content management system, because of this some of your information may be used as described below.
Comments: Only logged-in EGA members can post comments on our Site. When logged-in members leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
Media – Only logged-in EGA members can post images on our Site. If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Buddypress – Our Site utilizes BuddyPress in order to facilitate communications between our members, and to allow members to easily edit their basic personal data such as name and address. Data used by Buddypress is stored in our WordPress Site database and our cloud-based service Infusionsoft.
WooCommerce – We collect information about you during the checkout process on our store. While you visit our site, we’ll track:
Products you’ve viewed: we’ll use this to, for example, show you products you’ve  recently viewed
Location, IP address and browser type: we’ll use this for purposes like estimating taxes and shipping
Shipping address: we’ll ask you to enter this so we can, for instance, estimate shipping before you place an order, and send you the order!
We’ll also use cookies to keep track of cart contents while you’re browsing our site.
When you purchase from us, we’ll ask you to provide information including your name, billing address, shipping address, email address, phone number, credit card/payment details and optional account information like username and password. We’ll use this information for purposes, such as, to: Send you information about your account and order. Respond to your requests, including refunds and complaints. Process payments and prevent fraud. Set up your account for our store. Comply with any legal obligations we have, such as calculating taxes. Improve our store offerings. Send you marketing messages, if you choose to receive them.
If you purchase a product, an account is created and we will store your name, address, email and phone number, which will be used to populate the checkout for future orders.
We generally store information about you for as long as we need the information for the purposes for which we collect and use it, and we are not legally required to continue to keep it.
Please contact us at the address below for any additional questions about the management or use of personal data.
Information security
We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data. These include internal reviews of our data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures, as well as physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store personal data.
We restrict access to personal information to EGA employees, contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our services. These individuals are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline, including termination and criminal prosecution, if they fail to meet these obligations.
Data integrity
EGA processes personal information only for the purposes for which it was collected and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.  We review our data collection, storage and processing practices to ensure that we only collect, store and process the personal information needed to provide or improve our services.  We depend on our users to update or correct their personal information whenever necessary.
Accessing and updating personal information
When you use EGA services, we make good faith efforts to provide you with access to your personal information on record with us and to enable you to seek corrections to such information to the extent inaccurate, or to delete such data at your request if it is not otherwise required to be retained by law or for legitimate business purposes.
Enforcement
EGA regularly reviews its compliance with this Privacy Policy.  Please feel free to direct any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy or EGA’s treatment of personal information by contacting us through this web site or by writing to us at
Privacy Matters
c/o The Embroiderers’ Guild of America
1205 East Washington Street, #104
Louisville, Kentucky 40206
When we receive formal written complaints at the above address, it is EGA’s policy to contact the complaining user regarding his or her concerns.  We will cooperate with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that cannot be resolved between EGA and an individual.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Please note that this Privacy Policy may change from time to time.  We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your specific consent, and we expect most such changes will be minor.  Regardless, we will post any Privacy Policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice (including email notification of Privacy Policy changes to those who are registered users of the Site to their email address of record).  Each version of this Privacy Policy will be identified at the top of the page by its effective date, and we will also keep prior versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review.
If you have any additional questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us any time through this web site or at:
Privacy Matters
c/o The Embroiderers’ Guild of America
1205 East Washington Street, #104
Louisville, Kentucky  40206
Copyright Notice
No part of this website may be published, reproduced, stored in, or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means whatsoever (including electronic, mechanical, photocopy) other than for personal or chapter/region use without written permission from the copyright holder.
needles
Join the needlework network.
Sign up for our newsletter to stay on top of things.
Email *
Join
We use cookies to understand how you use our site and to improve your experience. To learn more, click here. By continuing to use our site, you accept our use of cookies and revised Privacy Policy.