http://www.elwoodstudio.com/privacy-policy/
Home
About Us
NJ Web Design
Services
Marketing
Portfolio
Tech & Marketing
Request Quote
Contact
Elwood Studio Privacy Policy
Respecting user privacy over the Internet is of utmost importance to us. This Privacy Policy describes the current policies and practices with regard to personal and anonymous data collected by the Elwood Studio through our Website (https://elwoodstudio.com).
The term “Personal Data” refers to personally identifiable information, such as your name, email address, phone number and mailing address.
In general, you can visit our website without telling us who you are or providing any information about yourself. In some areas of our website, forms have been designed to perform specific functions for you. Within these forms we may ask you to provide information that will enable us to process a request, assist you with technical support issues or to follow up with you.
This Privacy Policy applies to Data submitted by you and/or collected by us via this website.
Use of Personal Data Collected Through Our Websites
Information, including but not limited to Personal Data, that we collect will not be sold, rented, lent, exchanged or used by an individual or entity other than the Elwood Studio unless otherwise indicated. This includes, for example, the information you provide when you contact us, request a quote, sign-up for our email newsletter, and request other services or information.
We use the Personal Data you provide for the purposes for which it was originally collected, for example, to respond to your email or to provide the information or services you requested. We may also use Personal Data to help us improve the content and functionality of our website, to better understand the needs and interests of the people and organizations that use our website, and to improve our programs and services. This Personal Data may be used to contact you in the future to tell you about special offers and/or events relating to Elwood Studio.
Unless we have your permission or are otherwise required by law to release, the Personal Data provided by you online will be only used to contact you regarding services in which you applied; with other third parties who act on our behalf to further process or analyze the data or protect the security or integrity of our databases or our website.
We, and others with whom we share your Personal Data, may retain your Personal Data on file to better serve you. Any destruction of Personal Data will be done in a manner consistent with the intent of this policy.
Anonymous Data Collected Through Our Website
In addition to the Personal Data you provide when you use our website, we use technology to collect anonymous information about the use of our website. For example, we use technology such as, Google Analytics, to track how many visitors access our website, the date and time of their visit, the length of their stay, and which pages they view. We also use technology to determine which web browsers our visitors use and the address from which they accessed the site.
This technology does not identify you personally. It simply enables us to compile statistics about our visitors and their use of our website. We use this anonymous data and may share it with third parties for various reasons; for example, to improve the content and functionality of our website, to better understand the needs and interests of our visitors, to improve our programs and services.
Cookies
To collect the anonymous data described in the preceding paragraph, we may use temporary “cookies”. Cookies by themselves cannot be used to discover the identity of the user. A cookie is a small piece of information that is sent to your browser and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Cookies do not damage your computer. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie. This enables you to decide if you want to accept it or not. Our Websites only use temporary or “session” cookies. These “session” cookies expire when you delete your browser cache.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
We use MailChimp for sending out eNewsletters approximately 4-6 times per year. If you would like to be removed from our mailing list, please unsubscribe via the newsletter link or contact us directly by email or phone. We will be happy to accommodate your wishes.
Questions About Our Privacy Policy
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or concerns about the way we use Personal Data, please contact us.
Phone: 908-534-3410
Elwood Studio
37 Main St. Suite 5
Clinton, NJ 08809
Notification of Changes to This Policy
We are continually improving and adding new functionality and features to our website. Because of these ongoing changes, changes in the law, and the changing nature of technology, we may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. When the Policy changes, we will post a dated notice in this Policy informing you that a change has been made. The Privacy Policy was last updated on September, 13 2018.
Copyright
The Elwood Studio website content is protected by copyright law.
United States Copyright Office
Coronavirus Update: From Elwood Studio
Like all businesses, we are actively monitoring the coronavirus (COVID-19) crisis and making the necessary adjustments to our daily work and operations.
We are working via remote operations only. Our physical office space is closed, and we have suspended all person-to-person interactions until further notice. We are, as always, available by email, phone, and online video conferencing.
As a company proudly serving the small business community, we know how critical the online tools we design, and support are in helping our customers maintain their business during difficult and complex times like these.
We will continue to follow guidance issued from public health authorities and help support the collective fight against this virus – keeping our families and communities safe.
Stay safe,
Debra Elwood
President, Elwood Studio
×