http://www.themagiccircle.co.uk/terms-of-use
The Magic Circle
Home
Venue Hire
Events
Join
News
About Us
HomeTerms of Use
These terms of use (“the Terms”) apply to The Magic Circle website (“the website”). Please read them carefully. If you do not wish to accept the Terms, then please do not use the website.
ABOUT US
The website is provided by The Magic Circle, a private members club, whose address is 12 Stephenson Way, London NW1 2HD.
ABOUT THE WEBSITE
(a)	The website provides information about The Magic Circle and its activities, and other information that may be of interest to you.
(b)	Certain pages of the Website may be accessed only by members of The Magic Circle who have been issued with a User Name and Password in order to log-in.
AVAILABILITY OF THE WEBSITE
(a)	We reserve the right to suspend the website at any time and for any reason.
(b)	We may terminate your use of the website with immediate effect if you breach any of the Terms.
(c)	We cannot guarantee that the website will be available at all times. We make reasonable attempts to ensure that the server that makes the website available is bug and virus free, but we cannot provide any guarantee in this respect.
PRIVACY POLICY
Registration data and certain other information about you is subject to our Privacy Policy below.
USE OF THE WEBSITE
(a)
You may access and use the website solely for your own personal purposes.
(b)
You must not use any content of the website or any members' personal information for any commercial or illegal purpose.
(c)	Users of the website are prohibited from transmitting to the website any unlawful, threatening, defamatory, obscene, pornographic or other material that would violate any law.
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
(a)	The website may provide links to other websites. Selecting any of these links may direct you to a website that is not related in any way to us. We take no responsibility for the content contained on any other website, and a link to any other website does not imply an endorsement or recommendation by us of the website, its products or services.
(b)	We do not accept responsibility for the protection of any data supplied to other websites.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
(a)	The website and its contents are protected by intellectual property rights, including copyright. All rights in such content are reserved by us.
(b)	Except as expressly permitted by the Terms, you may not copy, disseminate or download any content of the website.
OUR LIABILITY
(a)	We do not guarantee that the website will meet your expectations or requirements, or that the information on it will be up to date.
(b)	The content on the website is subject to change without notice. We have taken reasonable care in compiling the content of the website to ensure that the information supplied is accurate. However, we cannot guarantee that all information will be free from errors, omissions or inaccuracies
(c)	We will not under any circumstances be liable for any unforeseeable loss or any business loss, including loss of profit, which results from your use of, or your inability to use, the website.
GENERAL
(a)	The Terms and the relationship between you and us will be governed by English law. Any dispute will be decided by the English courts.
(b)	We reserve the right to change any of the Terms from time to time without prior notice. Any change will become effective immediately upon posting to the website. By continuing to use the website, you will be deemed to accept any such change.
FURTHER INFORMATION
If you have any queries or complaints regarding the website, please contact us via webmaster@themagiccircle.co.uk
Terms of UsePrivacy PolicyCookie Policy