https://www.the-alan-parsons-project.com/privacy-policy
facebook
spotify
instagram
twitter
youtube
email
PRIVACY POLICY
Any personal data that you submit to The Alan Parsons Project/ Woolfsongs Ltd via the shop or via email will only be used for the purpose of responding to your enquiry. Your details will not be added to any mailing list.
We will never share your details with any third parties unless required to do so by law or to fulfil a specific request that you have asked us to enable on your behalf. This may include forwarding your e-mail to our publishing administrators or to specific people you might be trying to contact at your own request.
Our website contains links to external websites which may be of interest. Please be aware that these websites will have their own Privacy Policies and are not covered by our Privacy Policy.
Our website also links to an external website (Nimbit), which operates the Alan Parsons Project shop, which is based in the US and will have its own Privacy Policies and are not covered by our Privacy Policy.
The Alan Parsons Project may also use social media accounts for communication. You are advised to take care when submitting any personal data via these channels and you should refer to their Privacy Policies for information about how your data is collected, stored and used by these companies.
The Alan Parsons Project/ Woolfsongs Ltd will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your personal data is collected, stored and used responsibly during the enquiry process. Your data will be deleted from our records when it is no longer required. The only personal data the Alan Parsons Project could hold about you, is the information you might send to us yourself via an e-mail enquiry.
If you would like to see what personal data The Alan Parsons Project/ Woolfsongs Ltd holds about you, if you wish to have it updated or removed then please contact the Data Protection Officer at alanparsonsproject@mac.com.
This Privacy Policy was updated on 22 May 2018 to comply with GDPR legislation from 25 May 2018.
Cookies
Cookies are used on the shopping area of the site to keep track of the contents of your shopping cart once you have selected an item. Data is held in accordance with the 1998 UK Data Protection Act.
This site also uses the following Google Analytics cookies to collect information about how visitors use the site:
• _utma
• _utmb
• _utmc
• _utmz
• _utmmobile
These cookies collect information, in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.
By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
Read Google Analytics Privacy Policy
You can disable Google Analytics cookies