https://www.pembrokeshirecoast.wales/cookie-policy/
Jump to Main content
Highlight Links
High contrast Mode
Readable Fonts
Greyscale Mode
Invert Mode
XClose this tab
Search for:
Search
How and why we use cookies on our web pages.
About cookies
Cookies are files, often including unique identifiers, that are sent by web servers to web browsers, and which may then be sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
Cookies can be used by web servers to identity and track users as they navigate different pages on a website, and to identify users returning to a website.
Cookies may be either “persistent” cookies or “session” cookies. A persistent cookie consists of a text file sent by a web server to a web browser, which will be stored by the browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date (unless deleted by the user before the expiry date). A session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
About our cookies
When you use our website, a number of cookies are stored in your web browser. The new Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) (Amendment) Regulations 2011 (PECR), which came into force on the 26 May 2011, mean that we have to obtain your explicit consent before cookies are set.
This consent is obtained from an initial banner at the top of the home page.
We are also making information available about the nature of the cookies which we use on our website
The PECR legislation identifies one type of cookie, which is described as “strictly necessary” for the operation of the website, for which your consent as a user is not required. By implication, all other cookies are not “strictly necessary,” and your explicit consent for these will be required. The cookies used by our website are explained below.
1. Cookies which we consider to be “strictly necessary”
The Pembrokeshire Coast website does not use any “strictly necessary” cookies.
2. Other cookies
Use of our website will, at the moment, result in a number of other cookies being set.
2.1 Google Analytics: These are used by Google analytics software, and all our webpages use them. We use these to track how people use our website, and this helps us to make sure our content is relevant and up-to-date. Cookies with names beginning “__utm” are set by Google analytics and the data they hold is sent to Google.
More information on this can be found at Google Privacy Center and Cookies & Google Analytics
2.2 Twitter: Some pages include data from Twitter, and these will set additional cookies. Twitter may use both session cookies and persistent cookies to better understand how you interact with [their] Services, to monitor aggregate usage […] and web traffic routing on [their] Services…
For full details of Twitter’s use of cookies, see the Twitter Privacy Statement
2.3 Youtube: Some pages contain videos from Youtube, and these will set additional cookies. Youtube may use both session cookies and persistent cookies to better understand how you interact with [their] Services, to monitor aggregate usage […] and web traffic routing on [their] Services…
For full details of Youtubes’s use of cookies, see the Youtube Privacy Statement
2.4 BBC: Some pages include data from the BBC, and these will set additional cookies. The BBC may use both session cookies and persistent cookies to better understand how you interact with [their] Services, to monitor aggregate usage […] and web traffic routing on [their] Services…  For full details of The BBC’s use of cookies, see the BBC Privacy Statement
For more information on the new legislation regarding cookies, see the Information Comissioner’s Office Guidelines (PDF).
For useful information on cookies including how they may be removed, see AboutCookies.org.
Below is a list of typical cookies which might be set during the use of our website. It is intended to be illustrative, and should not be considered comprehensive.
Pembrokeshire Coast
www.pembrokeshirecoast.wales
ASPSESSIONID
PCNPACookieDismissed
Twitter
twitter.com
k
twitter.com
guest_id
twitter.com
_twitter_sess
api.twitter.com
original_referer
Youtube
youtube.com
use_hitbox
youtube.com
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
youtube.com
PREF
Facebook
facebook.com
UID
Flickr
Part of Yahoo Privacy policy, select link above
View our Privacy Policy
View our Accessibility Statement
Get In Touch
Contact us and register your details to get the latest updates on what's happening in the Pembrokeshire Coast National Park.
Contact Us
Cookie Policy
To help us make this website better, the cookie settings are set to ‘allow all cookies’. If you continue without changing these settings, you consent to this – for more information and to change this at any time, see our cookie policy and privacy policy.
I understand
View Basket
Checkout
Continue Shopping