http://www.twee.net/misc/privacy.html
TweeNet
Bands |
Labels |
Lists |
More
| Search
www.twee.net Privacy Statement
TweeNet is committed to protecting your privacy. You can visit most pages on the site without giving us any information about yourself. However on certain sections of the site you are able to provide information about yourself. This privacy statement explains data collection and use in those situations.
Collection of your Personal Information
As TweeNet is not selling any goods or services, you are never required to give us any personal information. The following describes sections of the site where you can optionally provide us with personal information.
Contact Us – If you have any comments about the site or want to contact the site owner you can type a message on the contact page. You have to enter your email address to allow us to reply to your comments.
TweeNet Poll – Every year in December we are conducting a poll to find out the indiepop community's favourite records and artists. Your votes surely express your personal opinion and are therefore personal information. All votes will be published on the site and the indiepop mailing list, but they will only published in aggregated form per category and never as a set of all your votes together. When voting your can optionally give your name and email address, this allows us to get back to you in case of any uncertainties. Your name or email address will never be published along with your votes unless you have agreed to this. You can agree to have your full votes published on the site.
Survey – The survey collects personal data from users but it does not save them along with any data that could be used to identify the user. We also store each survey answer separately and not as a per-user set of answers.
Quiz – Occasionally we have a quiz, where we asked some questions and where you can win prizes. To participate in the quiz you have to supply your name and email address so we can contact you in case you are a winner.
Technical Data –
In addition to information explicitly requested from you, TweeNet also collects certain information about your computer hardware and software. This information may include: your IP address, browser type, operating system, domain name, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used for the operation of the site, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of TweeNet.
Use of your Personal Information
All your personal information will only be used for the purposes described above. We will never share any of your information with third parties.
TweeNet may disclose your personal information if required to do so by law.
Your information is being stored and processed in Germany and the United Kingdom and by using this site, you consent to any transfer of information from your country to the aforementioned countries.
Control of your Personal Information
When you give us personal information, TweeNet will not share that information with third parties. If a third party enquires about information supplied by you, we will direct them to contact yourself to obtain such information.
If you want us to change or delete any of your previously supplied, let us know through the contact page and we will proceed with your request. In the Indiepop directory you can change your entry or request the removal of your entry from the directory. TweeNet personnel will not change your personal directory information without your approval. However we may delete web site URLs or email addresses if they appear to be no longer valid.
TweeNet may send out periodic emails asking you to review your Indiepop directory entry. These emails will not be sent more often than twice a year, normally once a year.
Security of your Personal Information
TweeNet is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. For example, we store the personal information you provide in computer servers with limited access that are located in controlled facilities.
Use of Cookies
No permanent cookies or web beacons (clear image url tracking) are used on www.twee.net. Our web server software automatically sets a temporary cookie (one that is not saved on your computer and goes away after you close your browser).
TweeNet uses this cookie after you logged into the Indiepop Directory, or correctly answered an indiepop question. This is so we can remember you as long as your browser is open. The content of the cookie is not stored on your computer or on our servers. This means twee.net is exempt from the EU cookie law asking for your consent about storing cookies.
Enforcement of this Privacy Statement
If you have questions regarding this statement, you should first contact TweeNet by filling out our comments web form. If you do not receive acknowledgement of your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed, you should then contact TweeNet at the postal address given on the contact page
Changes to this Statement
TweeNet will occasionally update this privacy statement. When we do, we will also revise the "Updated" date in the Page-Info section on the left of the page. For material changes to this statement, TweeNet will notify you by placing prominent notice on the Web site.
Contact Information
TweeNet welcomes your comments regarding this privacy statement, please contact us using the comments web form on the contact page.
Contact Us |
Introduction |
FAQ |
User Guide |
Privacy Statement |
Terms Of Use |
Updated Pages |
Feeds
Last updated:
3-Dez-2019 ©
1994-2020 TweeNet