https://www.efl4u.com/privacy
Home
About EFL4u
VIEW THE LESSONS
Find A Lesson
Sample Lessons
PRICELESS QUOTES
FAQs
VIP Member Log-in
PRIVACY STATEMENT
Thank you for visiting EFL4U.com’s web site. This privacy policy is for
your information and our protection. You are encouraged to review this
privacy policy whenever you visit the site to make sure that you
understand how this site is intended to be used. The privacy practices herein are for this web site
only. If you visit other web sites, please review the privacy policies
posted at those sites. We are not responsible for the content or
services found at websites other than those at EFL4U.com.
Email Privacy:
You can add your email address to
our secure opt-in mailing list if you chose to subscribe to our free
newsletter. Your email address will not be provided to anyone else (for
free or for sale). We will simply use the email address to send you
weekly notifications of new lessons and/or information concerning
EFL4U.com. There is, of course, no requirement to join the mailing
list, but to receive news, you’ll need to join the list. Removal from
the list is very simple: there is a link to unsubscribe on each
newsletter you receive.
Cookies
VIP Members (those who have purchased all
of the lesson worksheets) and Paid Subscribers (who pay an annual fee)  will have a cookie placed on their computers at the moment of
registration. This cookie allows members to re-visit the site securely
and prevents other, non-registered visitors, from accessing the
lessons. Your personal information is safe because it cannot be
collected via cookies.
Privacy Contact Information
If you have any
questions, concerns, or comments about our privacy policy you may
contact us using the following e-mail address: Kurt@efl4u.com.
We reserve the right to make changes to this policy. Any changes to this policy will be posted.
Site Map | Privacy
Statement
| Support
| Feedback
| Contact
Copyright © 2020 EFL4U.com (E-mail)
You are given permission to reproduce these lesson worksheets to be used
by your students at your place of employment. Any other use requires
written permission.