https://www.hearst.com/newsroom/hearst-television-digital-advertising-terms-conditions
Navigation
Skip to Content
Hearst Television Digital Advertising Terms & Conditions - Hearst Television Digital Advertising Terms & Conditions
Asset Publisher
TERMS AND CONDITIONS Hearst Television Digital Advertising Terms & Conditions
STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PURCHASE OF DIGITAL ADVERTISING These standard terms and conditions (the “Terms”) apply to all digital advertising services provided by or on behalf of Hearst Television stations or brands (“Station”), including (i) advertising on websites, mobile or wireless devices, electronic newsletters or other non-broadcast distribution platforms of any Station and (ii) other digital advertising services provided by or on behalf of any Station, including digital advertising on non-Station properties and provided using third party technologies or services (collectively, “Digital Advertising”). By running Digital Advertising with a Station, each advertiser (“Advertiser”) agrees to be bound by these Terms. If an agency (“Agency”) procures Digital Advertising on behalf of Advertiser, Agency agrees to be bound by these Terms. If there is a written order for Digital Advertising (an “Insertion Order”), such Insertion Order will incorporate these “Terms”, however these Terms will apply to all Digital Advertising with the Stations, regardless of whether there was an Insertion Order.
1. Insertion Order, Optimization and Ad Servers. Station agrees to deliver, and Advertiser and/or its Agency each agree to pay, for the services on the applicable Insertion Order, which Insertion Order is incorporated herein by this reference (collectively, "Services"), according to rates specified in the Insertion Order and subject to these Terms, subject to available inventory and appropriate rate adjustment. Positions on the Insertion Order may be adjusted ("optimized"); provided that the total financial obligation of the Advertiser and/or the Agency under the Insertion Order are not reduced ("Optimization"). Optimizations are subject to Station's prior approval, with applicable terms documented via email, and the confirmation of acceptance by either Advertiser or its Agency via reply email. Such terms shall be jointly and severally binding on Advertiser and Agency and made part of the Insertion Order as though fully set forth therein. 2. Ad Servers and Counting. Station shall only recognize its third party ad server and other nationally recognized third party ad servers as may be agreed upon in writing by Station and the Advertiser and/or its Agency in advance, but Station’s applicable ad server(s) shall be the official counter(s) for determining impressions delivered, invoices and payment. Any of Advertiser's and/or its Agency's third party ad server reporting that is not previously affirmatively approved by Station in writing is not accepted. (a) Makegoods. If actual inventory delivered with respect to a particular advertisement placement falls below guaranteed levels in the Insertion Order according to Station’s applicable ad server counts by not more or less than 10%, and/or if there is an omission of any advertisement (placement or creative unit), Advertiser and/or its Agency and Station will make an effort to agree upon the conditions of a makegood at the time of shortfall. If no makegood can be agreed upon, Advertiser and/or its Agency may execute a credit equal to the value of the under-delivered portion of the Insertion Order for which it was invoiced. In the event Advertiser and/or its Agency made a cash pre-payment to Station specifically for the Insertion Order for which under-delivery applies, then if Advertiser and/or its Agency is current on all amounts owed to Station under any other advertising agreement, Advertiser and/or its Agency may elect to receive a refund for the under-delivery equal to the difference between the applicable pre-payment and the value of the delivered portion of the Insertion Order. Makegoods are not available (a) when under-delivery or omission of an advertisement is attributable to Advertiser's and/or Agency’s (i) delayed, incorrect or incompatible Ad Materials (as defined below) or (ii) failure to follow applicable Policies (as defined in Section 4 below), (b) for failure to deliver impressions according to any specific daily or weekly distribution unless otherwise expressly agreed, (c) for impressions marked on the Insertion Order or agreed to as "estimated" or "not guaranteed", (d) for sponsorship, exclusive or similar placements, or (e) for preemptive placements and/or impressions or if inventory is otherwise preempted by Station. This Section sets forth the sole and exclusive remedy for any failure of Station to fulfill its obligations under the Insertion Order. (b) Bonus Impressions. Permanent or exclusive placements shall run for the specified time regardless of over-delivery, unless the Insertion Order establishes an impression cap for third party ad served activity. Advertiser and/or its Agency shall not be charged by Station for any additional advertisements above any level guaranteed in the Insertion Order. If a previously approved third party ad server is being used and Advertiser and/or its Agency notifies STATION that the guaranteed level stated in the Insertion Order has been reached, STATION will use commercially reasonable efforts to suspend delivery and, within 48 hours, may either: (i) serve any additional advertisements itself or (ii) be held responsible for all applicable incremental advertising serving charges incurred by Advertiser and/or its Agency after such notice has been provided and attributable to over-delivery, but not more than such guaranteed levels. 3. Cancellation. (a) At any time prior to the serving of the first impression of the Insertion Order, the Advertiser and/or its Agency may cancel the Insertion Order with 30 days prior written notice, without penalty. For clarity and by way of example, if the Advertiser and/or its Agency cancels the Insertion Order 15 days prior to the serving of the first impression, Advertiser and/or its Agency will only be responsible for payment for the first 15 days of the Insertion Order. Cancellation notice must be sent via facsimile or e-mail to the applicable Station representative. (b) Once accepted by Station, Insertion Orders seeking exclusive placement/sponsorship by Advertiser and/or its Agency may only be cancelled, altered and/or modified on prior written notice to Station no less than 30 days prior to the scheduled commencement date of such exclusive placement/ sponsorship. In no event may any exclusive placement/sponsorship be cancelled, altered and/or modified within such 30 day period without the acknowledgement and written consent of the Director, Digital Advertising Sales of Station. Upon serving of the first impression of the Insertion Order, Advertiser and/or its Agency may cancel the Insertion Order for any reason, without penalty, by providing Station written notice which will be effective after the later of: (i) 30 days after serving the first impression of the Insertion Order; or (ii) 14 days after providing Station with such written notice. (c) Either party may terminate an Insertion Order at any time if the other party is in material breach of its obligations hereunder that is not cured within 10 days after written notice thereof from the non-breaching party, except as otherwise stated in this Agreement with regard to specific breaches. 4. Ad Materials and Late Creative. (a) Artwork, copy, other content, active URLs and other components of the advertisement (collectively, "Ad Materials") must comply with Station’s criteria and specifications as determined by Station from time to time for its applicable web site(s) and/or applicable web sites of third parties where such Ad Materials will appear (collectively, the "Policies"), as updated from time-to-time in Station’s discretion. (b) Advertiser and Agency, jointly and severally, represent, warrant, and covenant that the advertising supplied to Station, including any music contained therein, is rights-cleared for exhibition, distribution, performance, and/or retransmission by broadcast television, including on a mobile DTV (ATSC M/H or successor standard) basis, and by any multichannel video programming distributor or any other video delivery system, including, but not limited to, streaming over the Internet or distribution on a TV-Everywhere-type and/or OTT basis, whether on a linear, video-on-demand, start-over, or look-back basis. (c) Ad Materials must be received at least five (5) business days prior to the scheduled start date or within the timeframe in the Policies for the applicable ad type, if such timeframe is greater. If Ad Materials are not received within such timeframe, or if provided incorrectly or inconsistent with the Policies, then guaranteed impressions and Station’s obligations may be reduced pro-rata for the period of time that reserved space was not filled without affecting Advertiser's financial responsibility for all impressions ordered and inventory reserved. 5. Editorial Approval. All Ad Materials are subject to Station’s approval. Station reserves the right, at any time and for any reason in its discretion, to reject, cancel or cease publication of any Ad Materials, space reservation, or position commitment, without any liability for the same except as provided above for makegoods. 6. Payment Terms and Taxes. (a) Station will bill Advertiser and/or Agency at the address provided or as listed on the Insertion Order. Payment shall be made in advance unless credit arrangements acceptable to Station have previously been made in writing, in which event payment shall be made no later than 30 days after the date of Station’s invoice. Station reserves the right to suspend or cancel credit arrangements at any time with or without notice for whatever reason. Fees on the Insertion Orders are exclusive of all taxes. Advertiser and/or Agency shall be responsible for payment of all taxes, duties and similar charges assessed in connection with the Services or on any payments made by Advertiser hereunder, excluding taxes on Station’s net income. (b) Agency is acting as agent for a disclosed principal (i.e., the Advertiser named on the purchase contract or media order) and Agency (unless otherwise specified in writing) will act as agent for making payment on all invoiced amounts hereunder. Advertiser and Agency shall be jointly liable for the payment of sums due hereunder, but Station agrees to look initially to Agency for the payment of sums due hereunder, unless Agency fails to timely remit payment or becomes insolvent. Advertiser shall be liable to Station and not to Agency on all unpaid billings for services rendered including all applicable taxes by Station hereunder (excluding advertising agency commissions). If Station has not received payment from Agency within 60 days from the due date of the invoice, Station may consider the invoice to be delinquent and may invoice or contact the Advertiser directly for payment after notifying the Agency of its intention. Nothing herein contained relating to the payment of invoiced amounts by Agency shall be construed so as to relieve Advertiser of, or diminish Advertiser’s liability for breach of its obligations hereunder. If the purchase contract or media order is with a media buying service, all references herein to Agency shall apply to the media buying service. (c) Interest charges and reasonable collection fees may be applied to past due amounts at the rate of the greater of (i) one and one-half percent (1.5%) above the U.S. Prime Rate or (ii) the maximum lawful rate, compounded monthly beginning on the 61st day after payment was due. 7. Privacy; Security In connection with any Digital Advertising with the Stations, the following obligations must be met by Advertiser and/or Agency:
(a) Privacy Policy. Advertiser will conspicuously display a privacy policy or other notice, from the primary interface, that: (i) discloses Advertiser’s privacy practices; (ii) identifies the collection and use of information gathered in connection with cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies, implemented in connection with providing the Services (the “Distributed Code”);
(iii) discloses that data may be collected and or shared for cross-device linking; and (iv) offers individuals an opportunity to opt out of (or opt-in if applicable law requires) the collection or use of data gathered in connection with the Distributed Code by including a conspicuous link to an industry opt-out mechanism, such as the DAA’s or NAI’s opt out pages.
Station reserves the right to require that Advertiser modify its privacy disclosures to address updates or changes to applicable law, industry self-regulation, or best practices, and Advertiser agrees to undertake a good faith effort to address such recommendation(s). Advertiser will comply with all terms governing implementation of any Distributed Code. Advertiser acknowledges that Station and its service providers will not be liable for any inaccuracies or inconsistencies between Advertiser’s use of the Distributed Code and Advertiser’s privacy disclosures and policies or data restrictions imposed by third-party data providers whose services are contracted by either Advertiser or Agency on behalf of Advertiser. (b) Compliance with Privacy Laws. Advertiser represents and warrants that it complies and will comply with privacy and data protection laws regarding the collection, processing and use of Personal Data, including administrative, technical and physical security processes applicable to it. In addition, Advertiser represents and warrants that Advertiser is compliant with the DAA Self-Regulatory Principles, as well as data restrictions imposed by third-party data providers whose services are contracted by either Advertiser or Agency on behalf of Advertiser. “Personal Data” is given the meaning under the relevant applicable privacy or data protection laws relating to this term or any similar term (such as “personal information” or “personally identifiable information”) used in the applicable laws, or where no such laws apply, means any information that by itself or when combined with other information (such as telephone number, e-mail address, precise real-time GPS location, and government-issued identification number) can be used to identify a specific natural person.
(c) Sensitive Personal Data. Advertiser represents and warrants that Advertiser will not, (A) use the Distributed Code to collect, process, or store any Sensitive Personal Data of its employees, advertisers, partners, site visitors, or any third party; (B) transmit, disclose, or make available Sensitive Personal Data to Agency, Station, or Station’s third-party providers; or (C) use the Distributed Code to collect, process, or store any Personal Data without first encrypting and/or hashing such Personal Data. Advertiser will obligate, either contractually or otherwise, Advertiser’s third-party data providers and service providers to not transmit, provide, or otherwise make available to proprietors of the Distributed Code any Sensitive Personal Data or Personal Data other than in accordance with this Section 7(c) (Sensitive Personal Data). “Sensitive Personal Data” is given the meaning under relevant privacy or data protection laws relating to this term or any similar term (such as “sensitive personal information”) used in the applicable laws, or where no such laws apply, means financial information (including financial account information), sexual preferences, medical or health information, and personal information of children protected under any child protection laws (such as the personal information defined under the US Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act). 8. Warranties and Indemnity. Advertiser hereby represents and warrants to Station that Station and its licensees, authorized distributors and/or service providers have the right to display, exhibit, distribute and publish (collectively, “Use”) the Ad Materials in the form delivered and manner Used without infringing or violating the rights of any party or violation of any law, rule or regulation. Advertiser agrees, at its own expense, to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Station, its licensees, authorized distributors and/or service providers, and their parent companies, employees, officers, directors, representatives, agents and affiliates, from and against any and all claims (including but not limited to, claims of trademark or copyright infringement, libel, defamation, breach of confidentiality, privacy or data protection violation, false, deceptive or misleading advertising or sales practices), demands, suits, actions, proceedings, damages, losses, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees and costs) and other liabilities of any kind whatsoever arising out of or related to (a) the Use of any advertisement hereunder, (b) the Ad Materials or any matter or thing contained in any advertisement, (c) any material of Advertiser in which users can link through any advertisement, (d) the data privacy practices of Advertiser and its agents and service providers, and/or (e) Advertiser’s failure to comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations. If Agency is the party placing an Insertion Order for the benefit of its client, then client and Agency shall each be considered the Advertiser for purposes of this Section (and shall be jointly and severally liable and responsible for fulfilling indemnification obligations), and Agency represents and warrants that it has the authority, as agent, to bind its client to these Terms and the Insertion Order. STATION MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND WITH RESPECT TO ITS WEBSITES OR SERVICES TO BE DELIVERED HEREUNDER AND HEREBY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ALL WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. ALL SERVICES ARE PROVIDED ON AN AS IS BASIS WITHOUT GUARANTEE. The provisions of this Section 8 shall survive the expiration or termination of these Terms and Conditions and any Insertion Order. 9. Limitation of Liability. STATION SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO THE ADVERTISER, ITS AGENCY OR ANY THIRD PARTY UNDER OR IN RELATION TO THESE TERMS OR ANY INSERTION ORDER FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR INDIRECT DAMAGES OF ANY KIND OR NATURE, UNDER ANY THEORY OF LAW OR EQUITY, AND WHETHER OR NOT STATION HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT WILL STATION’S LIABILITY UNDER OR IN RELATION TO THESE TERMS OR ANY INSERTION ORDER EXCEED THE FEES ACTUALLY PAID TO STATION FOR THE ADVERTISEMENT GIVING RISE TO SUCH LIABILITY. 10. Miscellaneous. (a) Station shall not be liable to Advertiser or its Agency for delay or default in the performance of or completion of Services under the Insertion Order or these Terms, if caused by conditions beyond its control, including but not limited to, any act of God, governmental authority, war, terrorist act, riot, labor stoppage or slowdown, fire, flood, severe weather, earthquake, accident, telecommunications or network failures, failure of the Internet, or electrical outages. These Terms, together with the Insertion Order, shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of New York, without regard to its conflicts of law principles. The parties agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in New York, New York with respect to any legal proceeding arising out of the Insertion Order or Terms, waiving all defenses with respect to jurisdiction, forum and venue. These Terms and the Insertion Order are the complete and exclusive agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter and supersede any prior or contemporaneous agreements, negotiations and communications, whether written or oral, between the parties regarding such subject matter. The Terms and Insertion Order (except in the case of Optimizations) may only be modified, or any rights under it waived, by a written document executed by both parties. Station will not be bound by any terms or conditions, printed or otherwise, appearing on any purchase order, copy instructions, contract or other documents submitted by Advertiser or its Agency, or expressed orally. These Terms and the Insertion Order are specifically between and for the benefit of Station and Advertiser, and no other person or entity whatsoever (including without limitation, Advertiser's Agency) shall have any rights, interests or claims hereunder or be entitled to any benefits under or on account of these Terms or the Insertion Order as a third party beneficiary, assignee, transferee or otherwise. All obligations and liabilities which by their nature are intended to survive shall survive termination or expiration of these Terms and the Insertion Order for any reason.
Twitter
Facebook
Google+