https://www.pearson.com/en-us/legal-information/privacy-policy.html
Privacy policy
Committed to privacy
Overview
Pearson Education, Inc. presents this site to provide information about Pearson products and services. It serves as a front door to many of our products and services offered in the United States and allows you to connect with us in a variety of ways.
This privacy policy provides an overview of our commitment to privacy and describes how we collect, protect, use and share personal information collected through this site. Please note that other Pearson websites and online products and services have their own separate privacy policies.
Collection and use of information
To conduct business and deliver products and services, Pearson collects and uses personal information in a variety of contexts, including:
Products and Services
Our online products and services post specific privacy policies.
We collect personal information for the purpose of providing our online products and services.
The privacy policy applicable to an online product or services is posted on that product or service.
Support
Our support sites provide resources to help users of our products and services.
Users may also submit requests for assistance through the support portals on those sites.
The privacy policy applicable to a support site is posted on that support site.
Questions and Inquiries
For inquiries and questions, we collect the inquiry or question, together with name, contact details (email address, phone number and mailing address) and any other additional information voluntarily submitted to us through a Contact Us form or an email.
We use this information to address the inquiry and respond to the question.
Online Store
For orders and purchases placed through our online store, we collect order details, name, institution name and address (if applicable), email address, phone number, shipping and billing addresses, credit/debit card information, shipping options and any instructions.
We use this information to complete transactions, fulfill orders, communicate with individuals placing orders or visiting the online store, and for related purposes.
Surveys
Pearson may offer opportunities to provide feedback or participate in surveys, including surveys evaluating Pearson products, services or sites.
Participation is voluntary.
Pearson collects information requested in the survey questions and uses the information to evaluate, support, maintain and improve products, services or sites, develop new products and services, conduct educational research and for other purposes specified in the survey.
Contests and Drawings
Occasionally, we may sponsor a contest or drawing.
Participation is optional.
Pearson collects name, contact information and other information specified on the entry form for the contest or drawing to conduct the contest or drawing.
Pearson may collect additional personal information from the winners of a contest or drawing in order to award the prize and for tax reporting purposes, as required by law.
Employment
We collect personal information from individuals seeking employment.
We use personal information submitted through our online employment application portals to evaluate applications for employment.
Contractors and Authors
We collect personal information from individuals, who are our contractors and authors, for purposes of our contractual relationship and agreement.
This information may include name, contact information, contractual details, banking information required to submit payment, and social security number or tax identification number and other information required to comply with applicable tax laws.
Other Collection and Use of Information
Application and System Logs
Pearson automatically collects log data to help ensure the delivery, availability and security of this site. Log data may include technical information about how a user or visitor connected to this site, such as browser type, type of computer/device, operating system, internet service provider and IP address. We use this information for support purposes and to monitor the health of the site, identify problems, improve service, detect unauthorized access and fraudulent activity, prevent and respond to security incidents and appropriately scale computing resources.
Web Analytics
Pearson may use third party web trend analytical services, including Google Analytics, to collect visitor information, such as IP addresses, browser types, referring pages, pages visited and time spent on a particular site. While these analytical services collect and report information on an anonymous basis, they may use cookies to gather web trend information. The information gathered may enable Pearson (but not the third party web trend services) to link information with application and system log data. Pearson uses this information for system administration and to identify problems, improve service, detect unauthorized access and fraudulent activity, prevent and respond to security incidents, appropriately scale computing resources and otherwise support and deliver the Services.
Cookies and Related Technologies
This site uses cookies and similar technologies, as further explained in our Cookies Policy. Browser controls and other tools may be used to control, block or delete cookies and these technologies. Disabling or blocking cookies and such technologies, however, may prevent or impair functionality and use of the site.
Do Not Track
This site currently does not respond to Do Not Track signals.
Security
Pearson uses appropriate physical, administrative and technical security measures to protect personal information from unauthorized access, use and disclosure.
Children
This site is not directed to children under the age of 13.
Marketing
Pre-Kindergarten – 12th Grade Students and Minors
Pearson will not knowingly send or direct marketing communications to students in pre-kindergarten through 12th grade or anyone under the age of 18.
Adults
Except as otherwise provided in privacy policies related to specific contexts, such as a product or service privacy policy, Pearson may send or direct marketing communications to adults, provided that
Such marketing is consistent with applicable law and Pearson’s legal obligations.
Pearson will not knowingly direct or send marketing communications to an individual who has expressed a preference not to receive marketing.
Where required by applicable law, express or implied consent to marketing exists and has not been withdrawn.
Pearson may provide personal information to a third party service provider on a restricted basis to provide marketing solely on behalf of Pearson and affiliated Pearson companies, but not for marketing of any third party products or services. Pearson does not permit third-party ad networks or similar services to access or collect Personal Information within this site.
Marketing preferences may be changed at any time.
Sale of Personal Information
Pearson does not rent or sell personal information in exchange for any payment of money.
While Pearson does not sell personal information, as defined in Nevada law, Nevada residents may email a request for no sale of their personally identifiable information to NevadaDesignatedRequest@pearson.com.
Supplemental Privacy Statement for California Residents
California residents should read our Supplemental Privacy Statement for California Residents in conjunction with this Support Privacy Policy.
The Supplemental Privacy Statement for California Residents explains Pearson’s commitment to comply with California law and applies to personal information of California residents collected in connection with this site and the Services.
Sharing and Disclosure
Pearson may disclose personal information, as follows:
As required by law.
With the consent of the individual (or their parent, if the individual is a minor)
In response to a subpoena, court order or legal process, to the extent permitted or required by law
To protect the security and safety of individuals, data, assets and systems, consistent with applicable law
In connection the sale, joint venture or other transfer of some or all of its company or assets, subject to the provisions of this Privacy Policy
To investigate or address actual or suspected fraud or other illegal activities
To exercise its legal rights, including enforcement of the Terms of Use for this site or another contract
To affiliated Pearson companies and other companies and organizations who perform work for Pearson and are obligated to protect the privacy of personal information consistent with this Privacy Policy
To a school, organization, company or government agency, where Pearson collects or processes the personal information in a school setting or on behalf of such organization, company or government agency.
Requests and Contact
Please contact us about this Privacy Policy or if you have any requests or questions relating to the privacy of your personal information.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may revise this Privacy Policy through an updated posting. We will identify the effective date of the revision in the posting. Often, updates are made to provide greater clarity or to comply with changes in regulatory requirements. If the updates involve material changes to the collection, protection, use or disclosure of Personal Information, Pearson will provide notice of the change through a conspicuous notice on this site or other appropriate way. Continued use of the site after the effective date of a posted revision evidences acceptance. Please contact us if you have questions or concerns about the Privacy Policy or any objection to any revisions.
Last Update: January 1, 2020