http://www.angelfire.com/pop/llcoolj/privacy.html
Privacy
Information
This
is an unofficial fan page dedicated to LL Cool J. LL Cool J can be reached
on the web through LLCOOLJ.COM - THE ZONE
or at LLCoolJ, Inc. 405 Park Avenue Suite 1500 New York, NY 10022 United
States of America. For additional information send email to LL
Cool J Online.
At LL
Cool Online, we fully disclose our policy about the collection,
maintenance, use, disclosure, and security of personal information
obtained from users of our online activities. By personal information, we
mean a name, address, email address, telephone number, or any other
information that can be used to contact an individual.
Concerns about privacy can be stronger in the online environment. LL Cool
J Online promises to follow this privacy and fair information
practices policy that we specially designed for our Web site.
LL Cool J Online will change over time as we add exciting new features and
options. The Internet itself will also change as new capabilities and
perhaps new laws emerge. This policy will be updated occasionally. Our
philosophy of protecting user information from inappropriate uses and
disclosures will not change. We promise to provide appropriate advance
notice through the Web site of any change that materially affects the
collection, maintenance, use, or disclosure of personal information from
children, teenagers or adults. We will also seek parental consent should
we ever decide to collect and maintain personal information from children.
Other changes to this privacy policy statement that reflect refinements,
improvements, updates, and new features will be made as appropriate and
posted as soon as possible. Whenever the privacy policy changes, we will
modify the date and version number to reflect that a change was made.
Another important element of trust is security. The security of personal
information is a high priority at LL Cool J Online. We maintain this Web
site and all associated data with technical, administrative, and physical
safeguards to protect against loss, unauthorized access, destruction,
misuse, modification, and improper disclosure. We follow industry-proven
security procedures such as encrypted administrative communication,
restricted access to underlying machines, and firewalls at network access
points. No computer system or information can ever be fully protected
against every possible hazard. LL Cool J Online is committed to providing
reasonable and appropriate security controls to protect our Web site and
its information against foreseeable hazards.
Information Use
Any information that you provide us voluntarily (e.g., user name, e-mail
address, phone number) will be retained by us. If you send us personal
correspondence, such as e-mails or letters, or post messages on the
bulletin boards, we may collect such information into
a file specific to you. All such information collected by us
(collectively, "Personally Identifiable Information") shall
become our property throughout the world. If you would like to review or
modify any part of your Personally Identifiable Information, you may
e-mail us at LL
Cool J Online.
LL Cool J Online does not currently collect and maintain Personally
Identifiable Information from children. We will require prior parental
consent should we ever collect and maintain Personally Identifiable
Information from children under the age of 13. LL Cool J Online uses
Personally Identifiable Information about its Web site users only in
defined and responsible ways.
We do not sell, trade, or license information about LL Cool J. It is
advisable to purchase his music, movies or any merchandise of his at
legally appropriate marketed areas. Any merchandise made available is
provided in concert with his label Def Jam and other legally associated
online agencies to which LL Cool J is affiliated and contracted. We ask of
all users and fans of LL Cool J to support his talents lawfully.
We do not sell, trade, or license Personally Identifiable Information. You
may choose to opt out of receiving information from LL Cool J Online by clicking the
appropriate check box on interactive forms on our sites that collect
Personally Identifiable Information. We may aggregate statistics, traffic
patterns, and related site information and disclose such aggregate data to
third parties for marketing, advertising, or other promotional purposes,
but such aggregate data will not include any Personally Identifiable
Information. By using LL Cool J Online, you consent to such collection and
use by us.
You should be aware that when you voluntarily disclose Personally
Identifiable Information on the bulletin boards, that
information can also be collected and used by others and may result in
unsolicited messages from other people.
We do not normally disclose Personally Identifiable Information to anyone
outside of LL Cool J Online unless we have previously informed users about the
disclosures. However, some data may be used from time to time by outside
auditors, consultants, and others hired by LL Cool J Online to assist in
carrying out financial or operational activities. We permit these uses
only when necessary to manage the Web site and its records or for another
specific purpose consistent with this privacy policy. All recipients must
agree in writing to safeguard Personally Identifiable Information, to use
it only for an authorized purpose, and to return it or destroy it upon
completion of the activity.
LL Cool J Online might be required to disclose Personally Identifiable
Information in response to valid legal process. This includes a search
warrant, subpoena, or court order. In this respect, we are no different
from any other record keeper. Disclosures may also be appropriate to
protect the safety of a child, during emergencies if physical safety is
believed to be at risk, to protect the security or integrity of our Web
site, or to take precautions against liability. We think that these events
are unlikely, but they are possible. We will take reasonable steps to
limit the scope of any of these disclosures.
Access to and Correction
Information
LL Cool
J Online is committed to maintaining accurate, timely, relevant,
and appropriate information. LL Cool J Online's commitment
to data quality includes the recognition that we bear responsibility for
maintaining accurate, timely, relevant, and appropriate information. We cannot serve users properly with inaccurate data. We also
recognize that we need the assistance of users to make sure that the information is correct.
Users may review, correct, and update the information that we maintain by
contacting us.
Complaints
LL Cool
J Online pledges to work with users to resolve any complaints
about our privacy and fair information practices policy or our
implementation of the policy.
If you have a complaint about our privacy and fair information practices
policy or about our implementation of the policy, you can write to us at LL
Cool J Online. LL Cool J Online will try to resolve any problems that arise
in a fair and prompt manner.
Your IP Address and Our Use of "Cookies"
Certain non-personal information of visitors is recorded by the standard
operation of our server, including, without limitation, the URL that you
just came from, which URL you next go to, what browser you're using, and
your IP address. Such information is primarily used to provide an enhanced
on-line experience for the visitor.
Some LL Cool J Online Pages place a "cookie" in the browser files of each
user's computer. A cookie itself does not contain any Personally
Identifiable Information, but lets the computers remember that you have
registered, if applicable, and
preferences from LL Cool J Online that you have visited.
Security
We store all information collected from your visits to LL Cool J Online,
including Personally Identifiable Information, in a secure environment
using industry standard encryption and providing physical security for our
data servers.
Linked Sites
We have provided links to related sites for your convenience. We do not
review the sites linked to LL Cool J Online and do not endorse those sites
in any way. We are not responsible for the content of those sites or any
off-site pages linked to LL Cool J Online. You access such linked sites and
off-site pages at your own risk. It is up to you to take precautions to
ensure that such linked sites that you visit and the information you
select on them are free of viruses, worms, vermin, trojan horses, and
other items of a destructive nature.
Submissions
Any notes, message/bulletin board postings, ideas, suggestions, concepts,
or other material submitted to us will become the property of the LL Cool
J Online and LL Cool J Online shall be entitled to
use such material for any type of use forever, including in any media
whether now known or hereafter devised, except that portion of the
material which is Personally Identifiable Information (which shall be
subject to the terms hereof). You agree that any submission you make to us
is original with you and accurate. You further agree that you will not
submit or otherwise publish through LL Cool J Online any content which:
1. may constitute libel, defamation, invasion of privacy, or is obscene,
pornographic, abusive, or threatening;
2. may infringe any intellectual property or other right of any entity or
person;
3. may violate any applicable law or advocates illegal activity; or
4. advertises or other solicits funds or is a solicitation for goods or
services.
We will cooperate with any law enforcement authorities and comply with any
judicial order requesting or directing us to disclose the identity of
anyone posting materials in violation of any applicable federal, state, or
local laws.
Disclaimer
You expressly agree that your use of LL Cool J Online, the Online Materials,
is at your sole
risk.
Governing Law
These Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with
the law. If any provision of these Terms of Use is unlawful,
void, or unenforceable, it will not affect the validity and enforceability
of any other provision. These Terms of Use set forth the entire agreement
regarding all of the matters discussed herein. Because these Terms of Use
are subject to change and you will be bound by such changes, you should
periodically visit this section to review the current Terms of Use. We
reserve the right to terminate this agreement at any time without notice
for any reason.