http://www.portrait.gov.au/content/privacy/
Skip to main content
Ticketed entry is in place to safely manage your visit so please book ahead. Need to cancel or rejig? Email bookings@npg.gov.au
The Portraits
Ticketed entry is in place to safely manage your visit so please book ahead. Need to cancel or rejig? Email bookings@npg.gov.au
The Portraits
What's on
The Gallery
Learn
#PortraitureComesHome
Stay in touch
The Portraits
What's on
The Gallery
Learn
#PortraitureComesHome
Stay in touch
Search
The National Portrait Gallery acknowledges the Traditional Custodians of Country throughout Australia and recognises the continuing connection to lands, waters and communities. We pay our respect to Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander cultures and to Elders both past and present.
Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander viewers are warned that this website contains images of deceased persons.
Privacy statement
The National Portrait Gallery  is committed to protecting your privacy, including as a result of your interaction/s with our website. The Gallery is required to meet the mandatory requirements set out in the Privacy Act 1988 (the Privacy Act).
Email newsletters
The Gallery offers a number of regular email bulletins including the monthly Portrait News, Circle of Friends updates and the Education mailing list for updates and special announcements. In sending email newsletters the Gallery complies with the Australian Government's Spam Act 2003. All bulk emails have an opt-out feature in their footer which, if utilised, completely removes the email address from the Gallery’s secure email service. Email addresses attached to one list are never merged or added into other Gallery lists.
Automatic logging of information
IP (Internet Protocol) addresses (an IP is the address of a computer) of visitors are automatically logged by our servers. The server makes a record of your visit and logs limited information for statistical purposes – your IP address, top-level domain name (.com, .gov, .edu, .com.au etc), the date and time of your visit to our site, pages accessed and documents downloaded, previous site visited and the type of browser used. These logs are used to administer the website and to diagnose problems in order to be able to rectify them. This data is also used for audience research to help us to improve the site.
IP addresses do not ordinarily contain any personally identifiable information and are aggregated for analysis. Such aggregate data may be used by the Gallery. Recording usage patterns helps us to identify popular areas of our site, and helps us to improve the site. Reports generated on aggregate data are periodically reported on as part of the Gallery’s internal governance.
Collection of personal information
The Gallery collects personal information through its website such as name, phone/fax number, email address/postal address when you provide it in order to receive specific Gallery services such as email newsletters, prize entries or memberships. This information is stored in secure Gallery databases. The information you provide will be used solely by the relevant Gallery staff for its intended purpose, as stated on those pages. Your name, contact details and other information will not be provided to any other person or third-party organisation without your consent.
Your provision of personal details is optional, however some services may not be available to you if you do not provide these details.
Use of cookies
A cookie is a small file sent by the Gallery’s web server onto your web browser software when you access the Gallery’s website. Some parts of the Gallery’s website may use cookies to maintain contact through a session. The cookies allows us to recognise you as you move from one page of this website to another. The cookies that are used by the Gallery website do not collect any personal information and we do not combine information collected through cookies with other personal information to tell us who you are other than to authenticate the user for security purposes.
If you prefer not to receive cookies, you can adjust your internet browser to refuse cookies or to warn you when cookies are being used. Refusal may make some parts of our websites inaccessible, unusable, or not function correctly.
The Gallery also uses the following companies and technologies:
Currently using
Google Analytics to analyse usage statistics on our websites. This analysis is performed using data collected from the portrait.gov.au website and is used to improve the web experience of our users. No personally identifiable information is collected by Google from this website by the use of cookies. If you would like to opt-out of the Google Analytics anonymous profiling, you can do so here. You can find out more about the kinds of information that Google collects in their Privacy Policy.
Uses from time to time
DoubleClick to provide online advertisement delivery and tracking. DoubleClick uses cookies for anonymous profiling purposes to tailor advertising to user's preferences. No personally identifiable information is collected by DoubleClick from this website. If you would like to opt-out of the DoubleClick anonymous profiling, you can do so here.
Google Adwords to provide remarketing, online advertisment delivery and tracking. Google use cookies to serve ads based on past visits to our website. You can find information about how you can opt out of Google's use of cookies by visiting Google's Ads Settings. Alternatively, you opt out of a third-party vendor's use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
Facebook to provide online advertisement delivery and tracking.  Information on Facebook's advertising policy and instructions on how to opt-out are available on their website.
Twitter to provide online advertisement delivery and tracking.  Information on Twitter's privacy policy and instructions on how to opt-out are available on their website.
Disclosure
The Gallery will not disclose your personal information to any third party except when required by law and/or in accordance with the Privacy Act.
The Gallery may be required to disclose your personal information to third parties to provide the service you requested. For example, in purchasing products from our website, the Gallery will need to disclose personal information to third parties in order to bill and deliver your products. This disclosure, however, will only be made to fulfill the purpose for which you disclosed your personal information. We will not disclose your personal information for any other purpose unless you have authorised us to do so.
External links and social networking sites
This site contains links to other sites. The Gallery is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites. The Gallery is also active in several social networking spaces such as Facebook, Twitter and YouTube. Please be aware that the Gallery is not responsible for the privacy practices on these external platforms and users should familiarise themselves with each platform's conditions prior to contributing in these spaces.
Security
This site uses secure credit card facilities provided by a third party provider. All online sales are handled securely by the National Australia Bank’s e-commerce gateway. Further information on the privacy and security policies for this organisation is available on its website. The National Portrait Gallery does not collect or store any cardholder account data.
This site has security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of information under our control.
Contact details
If you have any questions about this Online Privacy Statement, please contact the Online Manager.
Sign up to our newsletter
We always have lots to share, so sign up and get the scoop!
Sign up
Related information
The Gallery
Explore portraiture and come face to face with Australian identity, history, culture, creativity and diversity.
Plan your visit
Timed ticketing, location, accessibility and amenities
Support your Portrait Gallery
We depend on your support to keep creating our programs, exhibitions, publications and building the amazing portrait collection!
Café and shop
The café is open 9:00am-3:30pm every day. The shop is open 10:00am to 5:00pm every day.
We would like to thank our partners.
Principal partner
Strategic partner
Cultural partner
Media partner
Beverage partner
Imaging partner
Digital partner
Audio visual partner
Home
Contact
Media
Privacy statement
User agreement
© National Portrait Gallery 2020
King Edward Terrace, Parkes
Canberra, ACT 2600, Australia
Phone +61 2 6102 7000
Fax +61 2 6102 7001
ABN: 54 74 277 1196
The National Portrait Gallery acknowledges the Traditional Custodians of Country throughout Australia and recognises the continuing connection to lands, waters and communities. We pay our respect to Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander cultures and to Elders both past and present.
Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander viewers are warned that this website contains images of deceased persons.