http://www.kheigl.com/privacy
Home
Biography
Career
Gallery
Press
Community
Production
Philanthropy
Pinterest
Facebook
Twitter
Current Projects
Search
Privacy Policy
Katherine Heigl Online ("website", "we", "us" or "our") provides the information
contained on this website or any of the pages comprising the website to visitors (cumulatively referred to as "you"
or "your" hereinafter) subject to the terms and conditions set out in the website terms of use,
this privacy policy and any other relevant terms and conditions, policies and notices which may be applicable to a specific
section or module of this website.
Your privacy is very important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information
practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
The Information We Collect
You do not have to provide any personal information to visit this website. We only collect personal information, such as your
name and email address, if you choose to submit it to us. If you send a message to an e-mail address on this website or complete
a website form and submit data to us, we will only use that information to respond to your message or to fulfill the stated
purpose of the communication.
If you visit our website to read or download information, we collect and store the following information about your visit:
The domain name and IP address from which you access our site.
The Internet address of the web site from which you were referred to us.
The pages you visit, the information you request and the date and time of your visit.
This information is collected for statistical, technical, analytical and site optimization purposes. In an aggregated and
anonymous form this data may also be shared with third parties who provide analytical and search related services.
We may use any contact information you provide us with to contact you regarding other products and services we offer. In the event
that we send you advertising or marketing materials, we will provide you with the opportunity to opt-out of receiving such materials
in the future.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To protect the confidentiality, security and integrity of your personal data, we apply appropriate physical, electronic, and
managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Children's Privacy
The website is not intended for the use of children or minors and has not be structured to attract anyone under 13 years old.
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we do not knowingly collect or maintain information
from children. No information should be submitted to us by visitors who are younger than 13 years old.
Your Information
We ask that you keep the personal information that you provide to us current. You can correct factual errors in your personally
identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take
reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections. Please contact us via email
or using the contact form on the About page of this web site.
Policy Changes
Please ensure that you review the terms of this privacy policy on a regular basis as we reserve the right to change it at any time.
Use of this web site constitutes acceptance of this policy and our associated terms and conditions.
Back | Refresh
SuitsS9 DVD December 10, 2019
Firefly LaneFilming
Fear Of RainPost Production
Katherine On Twitter
Latest Tweets
Tweets by @KatieHeigl
Follow @KatieHeigl
Katherine's Facebook
Katherine Heigl
Katherine On Pinterest
Blank
Follow me on Pinterest
Links
Heavenly Days
The Jason Debus Heigl Foundation
Suits
Unforgettable
The Nut Job 2
State Of Affairs
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Pinterest
News Archive
December 2019
November 2019
August 2019
July 2019
May 2019
April 2019
March 2019
February 2019
January 2019
September 2018
July 2018
June 2018
View Full Archive
Top
Contact
|
FAQ
|
Site Map
|
Privacy Policy
|
Terms Of Use
|
RSS
|
About
© Katherine Heigl Online
1999-2020. Designed By Keith Follett.