http://www.visionaireworld.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Submit
Close search
SHOP
EXPERIENCE
FILM
NEWS
CONTRIBUTORS
ABOUT
VISIONAIRE GIFTLIST 2020
Submit
Search
Instagram
Facebook
Log in
Cart
Cart
expand/collapse
PRIVACY POLICY
Visionaire Privacy Policy and Legal Notice
At Visionaire Publishing LLC (“Visionaire”), we are committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy and Legal Notice will advise you about how we protect your personal information, what choices you have concerning the use of that information, your legal rights as a copyright owner, and other pertinent legal information.
The Information We Collect and How We Use It
We collect information on the site in order to make it possible for you to access all the features on our site and to enhance your overall experience on our site. You can browse our site without submitting any personally identifiable information, but we do collect some anonymous information when you access our site.
Information Provided by You
When you visit our site, you will be invited to provide personal information to purchase an issue or subscription, or to join our mailing list. To purchase an issue or subscription, you will be asked for your name, billing and shipping addresses, e-mail address, credit card number and credit card expiration date. To join our mailing list, you will be asked for your e-mail address only.
Information Shared With Third Parties
We may use your contact data to send you information about Visionaire. You may always opt out of receiving future mailings - see the “Opt Out” section below.
In addition, we may employ outside agents, meaning other companies or individuals to perform functions on our behalf, such as sending postal mail and e-mail, conducting sweepstakes and other promotional activities, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments and providing customer service. These Visionaire agents have access to personal information needed to perform their functions. Other than our outside agents and certain Visionaire suppliers and vendors, we keep all of your personal information private and will not share it with any third party, unless you have authorized us to or we are legally required to do so. Visionaire may also release personal information when we believe, in good faith, that such release is reasonably necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of Visionaire, our users, or others.
Security of your information
When you purchase an issue or subscription online, we need to obtain your credit card number, expiration date and billing and shipping address information. This information is encrypted and transmitted over the Internet where it is used for billing purposes only and not stored on our server.
Our site has security measures in place intended to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. Visionaire uses industry standard encryption to help ensure that all the personal information you provide is encrypted and remains private. This helps to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
We strive to protect your personal information, however, Visionaire cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us.
Correcting or Updating Personal Information
If your personal information changes, we will gladly correct, update, or remove any data you have previously provided to us. You may change your personal information at any time by sending Visionaire an e-mail at sales@visionaireworld.com. We may retain a copy of the prior version for our records.
Opt Out
Visionaire may send users news about new offerings and special projects. To help us make e-mails more useful and interesting, we may receive a confirmation when you open e-mail from Visionaire. You may choose to opt out of receiving such mailings by sending us a “Please Remove” e-mail message to sales@visionaireworld.com.
Demographic Information
Demographic and profile data may be collected at our site. Visionaire may provide such information in the aggregate to third parties without disclosure of personally identifying information.
IP Address
We automatically track IP (internet protocol) addresses for statistical purposes. IP addresses are logged per user’s session and help to determine how often areas on our site are visited. Visionaire does not track IP addresses with any of your personal information, so we will never link an IP address to a specific user. We also monitor traffic patterns and site usage to help us develop and improve the design and layout of the site.
Cookies
We use cookies to improve your experience at Visionaire. “Cookies” are small pieces of information that a website transfers to your computer’s hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies in and of themselves do not personally identify users, although they do identify a user’s computer. We use cookies to remember information users give us so they don’t have to reenter it each time they visit our site. You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits. Even without a cookie, you will still be able to use most of the features on our site.
Your Acceptance of These Terms
By visiting the Visionaire site, you consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy and Legal Notice and to the collection and use of this information by Visionaire. We will always fully disclose our privacy policies, and we will promptly post any changes to our policy on this page.
You agree that Visionaire may retain and use your personal information as described in this policy until you inform us that you do not agree with this Privacy Policy and Legal Notice and agree that you will not use the Visionaire site for a reasonable period of time thereafter. By using this site after we post any changes to this Privacy Policy and Legal Notice, you agree to accept those changes.
If you choose to visit Visionaire, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy and Legal Notice.