http://www.zvex.com/terms
For Fastest Service:If you need repairs, technical help, or replacement parts, see our repairs page, or contact repairs@zvex.com.If you have questions about an order, marketing, or international shipping then contact sales@zvex.com.If you have questions about ZVEX Synth Modules contact modular@zvex.com.If you want custom artwork on your pedal, see the custom requests page.Contact Information:Zachary Vex EffectsPO Box 16078Minneapolis, MN 55416 952-922-8320zack@zvex.comsales@zvex.com
Name
First Name
Last Name
Email Address
*
Message
*
Thank you, we will respond to your message soon or on the next business day.
4301 HW7 Dock 3
St. Louis Park
United States
9529228320
sales@zvex.com
ZVEX makes effects pedals and amps for guitar and bass and we've been at it since 1995. Our line is a unique blend of no-rules engineering and artistic whim, from our affordable Vexter series to our hand painted and custom designed items.
Home
Guitar Pedals
Custom Pedals
The Candela Vibrophase
Merch
Modular
Dealers
Artists
Custom Galleries
Info
Repairs
Get Custom Artwork
Terms
2019 Catalog PDF
Download Photo Pack
ZVEX Effects
Info
Email
Search
Repairs
Get Custom Artwork
Terms
2019 Catalog PDF
Download Photo Pack
Terms
Due to the nature of our hand-painted products; colors, styles, and designs my vary, and the finish may have naturally occurring flaws.ShippingYour items will ship by the next business day.The ZVEX.com store currently supports shipping throughout the United States and Canada only.All prices on the site are listed in USD.International ShippingIf you need international shipping, contact sales@zvex.com to place your order.We do not ship to freight forwarders. If you provide a freight forwarder as a shipping address we may cancel the order and issue a refund.Customers are responsible for any duty and taxes on international orders.ReturnsItems purchased from authorized ZVEX dealers are subject to that dealer's return policy. Do not attempt to return them directly to ZVEX. You may return an item purchased directly from ZVEX under the following conditions:It is in original, new condition.It is in perfect working order.It has the complete, original packaging.It is returned within 48 hours of your receiving it.A copy of your receipt is included with it.Once we receive your item, we will test and inspect it to ensure it is in new condition and notify you that we have received your returned item, or contact you with any questions or concerns. ZVEX may charge a restocking fee for items that are returned with 48 hours of your receiving them, but are not 'like-new'. Items that are returned after 48 hours of your receiving them will not be accepted in any condition, new or otherwise.If your return is approved, we will initiate a refund to your credit card (or original method of payment). You should receive the refund within 5-10 days, depending on your card issuer's policies.You will be responsible for paying for your own shipping costs for returning your item to the address in the contact information below. Shipping costs are nonrefundable.Contact informationZachary Vex EffectsPO Box 16078Minneapolis, MN 55416952-922-8320sales@zvex.comPrivacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy was last modified on May 24th, 2018 . Zachary Vex Effects ("us", "we", or "our") operates http://zvex.com (the "Site"). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Site. By using the Site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.Information Collection And UseWhile using our Site, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to your name, email address, billing and shipping address, and credit card information. Your information from shopping may be shared with Squarespace and Stripe to process your payment and fulfill your order. Email addresses may be shared with Mailchimp if you opt into receiving our email promotions through a form on the Site, or during checkout. Email addresses entered during checkout may be used to send one abandoned cart reminder email.Log DataLike many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Site ("Log Data"). This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, and other statistics.CookiesCookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer's hard drive. Like many sites, we use cookies to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Site.SecurityThe security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. Your information will never be traded or sold to other organizations.Changes To This Privacy PolicyZachary Vex Effects may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on the Site. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes.If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.DisclaimerThe 'Z' symbol is a trademark of ZVEX Effects. All rights reserved.Zachary Vex reserves all rights to the following (but not limited to the following) trademarks (TM) and any obvious derivatives: Zachary Vex, Zack Vex, Zachary Vex Effects, Z.Vex, Z.Vex Effects, Fuzz Factory, Super Hard-On, SHO, Lo-Fi Loop Junky, Seek-Wah, Ooh-Wah, Machine, Super-Duper, Super-Duper 2-in-1, Seek-Trem, Nano Head, Nano Amp, Octane, Octane II, Octane III, Octane 2, Octane 3, Woolly, Woolly Mammoth, Vexter Woolly Mammoth, Woolly Mammoth 7, Probe, Fuzz Probe, Fat Fuzz Probe, Wah Probe, Tremolo Probe, Jonny Octave, Tremorama, Ringtone, Box of Rock, Vexter, Vexter Fuzz Factory, Vexter Box of Rock, iMP, iMPAMP, iMP AMP, Power Plate, Volume Probe, Drip, Drip Guitar, Box of Metal, Vexter Box of Metal, Distortron, Mastotron, Inventobox, Vexter Super Hard-On, Vexter Super-Duper 2-in-1, Instant Lo-Fi Junky, Vexter Instant Lo-Fi Junky, Vexter Fuzz Probe, Vexter Wah Probe, Double Rock!, Vexter Double Rock!, Sonar, Vexter Sonar, Loop Gate, Candela Vibrophase, and Vibrophase. Site © ZVEX 2019