http://www.foolsparadise.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy policy
We collect certain information or data about you when you use foolsparadise.co.uk
This includes:
questions, queries or feedback you leave, including your email address if you send an email or enquiry through foolsparadise.co.uk
your IP address, and details of which version of web browser you used
Information about your use of our site including details of your visits such as pages viewed and the resources that you access. Such information includes traffic data, location data and other communication data.
information on how you use the site, using cookies and page tagging techniques to help us improve the website
details to allow you to access services, eg an email address (you’ll always be told when this information is being collected, and it will only be used for the purpose you provide it for)
This helps us to:
improve the site by monitoring how you use it
respond to any feedback you send us, if you’ve asked us to
provide you with information about services if you want it
We can’t personally identify you using your data.
Where your data is stored
We store your data on our secure servers in the UK.
By submitting your personal data, you agree to this.
Keeping your data secure
Transmitting information over the internet is generally not completely secure, and we can’t guarantee the security of your data.
Any data you transmit is at your own risk.
We won’t share your information with any other organisations for marketing, market research or commercial purposes, and we don’t pass on your details to other websites.
Disclosing Your Information
We will not disclose your personal information to any other party other than in accordance with this Privacy Policy and in the circumstances detailed below:
In the event that we sell any or all of our business to the buyer.
Where we are legally required by law to disclose your personal information.
To further fraud protection and reduce the risk of fraud.
Links to other websites
foolsparadise.co.uk may contain links to and from other websites.
This privacy policy only applies to this website, and doesn’t cover other websites that we link to.
Following a link to another website
If you go to another website from this one, read the privacy policy on that website to find out what it does with your information.
Following a link to foolsparadise.co.uk from another website
If you come to foolsparadise.co.uk from another website, we may receive personal information about you from the other website. You should read the privacy policy of the website you came from to find out more about this.
Contacting Us
Please do not hesitate to contact us regarding any matter relating to this Privacy Policy at fools@foolsparadise.co.uk 18 Gandy Street, Exeter, Devon UK EX4 3LS