http://www.dramaafrica.com/privacypolicy.htm
HOME
ABOUT
OUR STORY
QUOTES
FAQ
LOCATIONS
African Continent
South Africa
OUR CLASSES
WEEKLY PROGRAMMES
HOLIDAY PROGRAMMES
SCHOOL PROGRAMMES
CHILD PROTECTION
DRAMA PARTIES
CORPORATE TRAINING
FRANCHISING
TEACHING JOBS
SPONSORSHIP
LINKS
CONTACT
Privacy Policy
HELEN O’GRADY DRAMA ACADEMY PRIVACY POLICY
In order to provide you with the services on this site, we need to collect information about you. Our Privacy Policy below explains how we use and protect your data.
1.      PRIVACY AND DATA PROTECTION
User privacy and data protection are human rights
We have a duty of care to the people within our data
Data is a liability, it should only be collected and processed when absolutely necessary
We will never sell, rent or otherwise distribute or make public your personal information
2.      RELEVANT LEGISLATION
Along with our business and internal computer systems, this website is designed to comply with the following national and international legislation with regards to data protection and user privacy:
UK Data Protection Act 1988 (DPA)
EU Data Protection Directive 1995 (DPD)
EU General Data Protection Regulation 2018 (GDPR)
Australian Privacy Act 1988 (APA)
This site’s compliance with the above legislation, all of which are stringent in nature, means that this site is likely compliant with the data protection and user privacy legislation set out by many other countries and territories as well. If you are unsure about whether this site is compliant with your own country of residences’ specific data protection and user privacy legislation you should contact our data protection officer (details of whom can be found in section 9) for clarification.
3.      PERSONAL INFORMATION THAT THIS WEBSITE COLLECTS AND WHY WE COLLECT IT
We (or third party data processors acting on our behalf) may collect, store, use and share your personal information or that of your child for the following purposes:
To Visit and/or use our Site and/or Services;
To Sign up to or use Site and/or Services;
To become a registered member with us;
To provide feedback or review our Site and/or Services;
To correspond with us on social media;
To contact us with a form of query, compliment or complaint (plus other types of enquiries) via phone, email or post;
To enter a competition or prize draw;
To use other features of our site;
To provide you with our services, including making your public profile information available to other users of the Services;
To fulfil orders for products or Services (including recognising returning members, returning customers and previous member applicants);
To keep your details and records up-to-date and accurate;
To provide you with important service communications relating to our products or Services;
To invite you to and manage your attendance at our and our partner events;
To answer your enquiries or otherwise communicate with you;
To vet your professional background, but only when you are joining as a Member/  Subscriber or purchasing a restricted access product;
Internal record keeping;
To notify you of other products and/or services that we think will be of interest to you (you can unsubscribe from these communications at any time by managing your subscriptions within your account or by writing to us or emailing us.
To assist in the creation and editing of audio and visual content;
To improve our products and services;
To understand about information to better inform business decisions;
To verify your identity;
For market research and analysis, such as receiving opinions and feedback on our products and services;
To administer prize draws or competitions where you have entered into;
To process payments and identify or prevent fraudulent transactions;
To develop, test and improve our sites, services and products that we provide to you;
To comply with any legal obligation such as to share data with law enforcement;
To customise our site to your interests;
To facilitate the historical archiving of all our public profiles/titles both in print and digital formats.
3.1 Site visitation tracking
Like most websites, this site uses Google Analytics (GA) to track user interaction. We use this data to determine the number of people using our site, to better understand how they find and use our web pages and to see their journey through the website.
Although GA records data such as your geographical location, device, internet browser and operating system, none of this information personally identifies you to us. GA also records your computer’s IP address which could be used to personally identify you but Google do not grant us access to this. We consider Google to be a third party data processor (see section 6 below).
GA makes use of cookies, details of which can be found on Google’s developer guides.
Disabling cookies on your internet browser will stop GA from tracking any part of your visit to pages within this website.
3.2 Contact forms and email links
Should you choose to contact us using the contact form on our Contact us page or an email link, none of the data that you supply will be stored by this website or passed to / be processed by any of the third party data processors defined in section 6. Instead the data will be collated into an email and sent to us over the Simple Mail Transfer Protocol (SMTP). Our own SMTP servers are protected by TLS (sometimes known as SSL) meaning that the email content is encrypted using SHA-2, 256-bit cryptography before being sent across the internet. The email content is then decrypted by our local computers and devices. However, not all mail servers are secured in such a way. Therefore, we would suggest that you always consider email as an insecure medium and not include personal, confidential or otherwise sensitive information within an email.
3.3 Email newsletter
If you are added to our database, we will occasionally send you an email newsletter through a third party data processor such as MailChimp, the email address that you submit to us will be forwarded to this data processor who provide us with email marketing services. We this to be a third party data processor (see section 6 below). The email address that you submit will not be stored within this website’s own database or in any of our internal computer systems.
Your email address will remain within third party database for as long as we continue to use their services for email marketing or until you specifically request removal from the list. You can do this by unsubscribing using the unsubscribe links contained in any email newsletters that we send you or by requesting removal via email. When requesting removal via email, please send your email to us using the email account that is subscribed to the mailing list.
If you are under 16 years of age you MUST obtain parental consent before joining our email newsletter.
While your email address remains within the third party database, you will receive periodic (approximately one per month) newsletter-style emails from us.
4.      HOW WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Please note: As a Parent or Guardian representing a child, you are a third party acting on behalf of your child and it is your responsibility to inform the child of their rights, and to act solely in your child’s best interests. Parents or guardians have the right to exercise the below rights on behalf of the child that they represent.
We will only ever ask you for the necessary information needed to process your data of you and/or your child. We may process data including the following personal information about you and/or your child, where supplied:
Name;
Gender;
Date of birth;
Address(es) or location data;
Email;
Telephone number(s);
Information pertaining to disability or learning challenges;
Training and skills;
IP address;
Information gathered by the use of cookies;
Photographs, video and audio clips;
Career history
Please note, that as many of our Services are primarily educational. Personal data included in these public profiles may be accessible by other Helen O’Grady Drama Academy users and/or the public via wide circulation or redistribution, and via our historical archives. Therefore you should never include any personal data on your profile that you would wish to remain private.
5.      ABOUT THIS WEBSITE’S SERVER
This website is hosted by Hetzner within a South African data centre located in Johannesburg. You can read their data protection details here:
https://hetzner.co.za/help-centre/products-and-services/data-protection-managed-hosting/
All traffic (transferral of files) between this website and your browser is encrypted and delivered over HTTPS.
6.       OUR THIRD PARTY DATA PROCESSORS
We use third parties to process personal data on our behalf. These third parties have been carefully chosen and all of them comply with the legislation set out in section 2. All 2 of these third parties are based in the USA and are EU-U.S Privacy Shield compliant.
Google (Privacy policy)
Mailchimp (Privacy policy)
7.      DATA BREACHES
We will report any unlawful data breach of this website’s database or the database(s) of any of our third party data processors to any and all relevant persons and authorities within 72 hours of the breach if it is apparent that personal data stored in an identifiable manner has been stolen.
8.      DATA CONTROLLER
The data controller of this website is:
Helen O’Grady (Africa) CC
Whose registered office is:3 Harfield PlaceClaremont7708Cape TownSouth Africa
9.   DATA PROTECTION OFFICER
Duncan RiceEmail: dataprotection@dramaafrica.com
10.   CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
This privacy policy may change from time to time in line with legislation or industry developments. We will not explicitly inform our clients or website users of these changes. Instead, we recommend that you check this page occasionally for any policy changes. Specific policy changes and updates are mentioned in the change log below.
Last updated:  May 2018
Latest news
Holiday Camps/Programmes throughout AfricaPioneering online drama school training of franchisees throughout AfricaNationwide Drama competition launched in NigeriaHarare Academy launches this week.Kenya's teachers show how online drama classes are essential skillsMauritius Academy children are so happy to be backCairo drama classes in full swingOnline Summer Camp on Lagos Island
View news archive
nearest Instagram
Select
CairoCape Town SouthLagos IslandsNairobiNorth Lagos
Top quote
"During the parents' presentation, I couldn't help but notice how Craig had matured and gained in confidence and self esteem in the years he has been with you. For this I thank you enormously and hope that this will help Craig in future years in whatever he chooses to do. Once again, I would like you to know how important you have been in making Craig the confident well spoken young boy he has become."
- Durban Parent, South Africa
SOUTH AFRICA08 December
Holiday Camps/Programmes throughout AfricaHelen O’Grady Drama Academy Holiday Programmes and Camps are going to rock Africa again this holiday season.
Helen O’Grady Holiday Programmes or Holiday Camps are amazing and foc...
Read more ...
NAMIBIA20 November
Pioneering online drama school training of franchisees throughout AfricaThe Helen O'Grady Drama Academy in Africa is pioneering the online training of franchisees to run its international drama school.
Together with the extensive team of Directors from India, Malta an...
Read more ...
NIGERIA09 November
Nationwide Drama competition launched in NigeriaHurray! Helen O'Grady Drama Academy together with the goverment of Nigeria has launched a national competition for children titled "Changing the Narrative".
The aim of this contest is ultima...
Read more ...
ZIMBABWE28 October
Harare Academy launches this week.The Helen O’Grady Drama Academy launches its acclaimed international drama programme in Harare on Friday, 30th October and Saturday, 31st October, Harare.
The Helen O’Grady Drama...
Read more ...