http://www.constructionwriters.org/privacy/
Privacy Policy - ConstructionWriters.org
Skip to content
Planning and Designing Your New Home – ConstructionWriters.org
Menu
Home
About
Construction Industry Events
Constructions Industry Resources
Construction and Building Industry Links
ConstructionWriters.org is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
This Privacy Policy provides an explanation as to what happens to any personal data that you provide to us, or that we collect from you.
We may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from December, 2016.
Information We Collect
Details of your visits to our website and the resources that you access, including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data.
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our website.
Information provided to us when you communicate with us for any reason.
Third Party Links
You might find links to third party websites on our website. These websites should have their own privacy policies which you should check. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for their policies whatsoever as we have no control over them.
Access to Information
Should you wish to receive details that we hold about you please contact us using the contact form.
Search
Search for:
Search
Recent Posts
Types of architectural drawings
Attic and loft conversions design and planning
Basement design and planning
What is an architect and why might you need one?
Bedrooms design and planning
Bathroom design and planning
Garden design, planning and landscaping
Kitchen design and planning
Renovations and Extensions Design and Planning
4 Steps for Planning and Designing Your New Home
Contact
Privacy Policy
ConstructionWriters.org Site and contents are © ConstructionWriters - All Rights Reserved 2017 - 2020