http://www.seibertron.com/infozone/privacy-policy.php
Shop.Seibertron.com
YouTube
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Instagram
Myspace
LinkedIn
Podcast
RSS
Did I Survive The Mad Titan? Find out here!
Shop
Submit News
Contact Us
Translate
Sign in
Join
News
View All News
Transformers Toy News
Transformers BUMBLEBEE Movie News
Transformers Comic Book News
Transformers Cartoon News
Twincast / Podcasts
Submit News
RSS Feeds
Toys
Transformers Toys Section
View Transformers Toy News
Transformers Toy Galleries »
View All Galleries (A - Z)
Newest Toy Galleries
Most Popular Toy Galleries
Toy Sightings »
Toy Sightings Section
Recent Sightings By Location
Toy Sightings Forum
Items You're Watching
Stores Locations by Retail Chains
Store Locator
Generations
Movie Universe
Transformers Prime
Toys Forum
Collections Forum
Buy, Sell or Trade Forum
Amazon Transformers Toys
eBay Transformers Listings
Shop with Seibertron.com
Shop
Shop with Seibertron.com
View our items »
Newest Items
Best Selling
Alphabetically (A - Z)
Lowest Price First
Highest Price First
Seibertron Store on eBay
View our feedback
Forums
View All Forums
Transformers Toys Forums
Live Action Movies Forum
Buy, Sell or Trade
Transformers Cartoons & Comics Forum
Conventions & Events
Transformers General Discussion
Transformers Video Forum
Transformers Toy Review Forum
Toy Sightings Forum
Video Game Forum
General Discussion
Non-TF Toy Discussion
Heavy Metal War Forums
Kitbashes, Fiction & Artwork
RPG Forums
Rules & Guidelines REVISED!
Cartoons & Comics
Cartoon & Comics Section
Cartoon & Comics Forum
Cartoon News
Transformers Cartoon Series
Cartoon Series Summaries
Comic Book News
Comic Book Series
Transformers: Mosaic
Ultimate Caption Contest
Films
Live Action Films Section
Transformers BUMBLEBEE Movie News
The Last Knight Super Fan Event
Movie Toy Galleries
Movie Related Galleries
Live Action Movies Forum
Media
Media Section
Seibertron.com Videos
Seibertron.com Twincast/Podcast
Twincast/Podcast RSS Feed
Subscribe to Twincast/Podcast with iTunes
Commercials
Transformers Video Forum
Multimedia News
Seibertron.com YouTube Channel
Video Game Forum
DVD Set Galleries
Region Free DVDs? Here's how!
Events
Event Gallery Section
Event News
Event Galleries
Hasbro PulseCon 2020 NEW!
Toy Fair NYC Events »
Toy Fair 2020
Toy Fair 2018
Toy Fair 2018
Toy Fair 2017
Toy Fair 2016
Toy Fair 2015
Toy Fair 2014
Wonderfest 2020
New York Comic-Con »
NYCC 2019
NYCC 2018
NYCC 2017
NYCC 2016
NYCC 2015
NYCC 2014
San Diego Comic-Con »
SDCC 2019
SDCC 2018
SDCC 2017
SDCC 2016
SDCC 2015
SDCC 2014
SDCC 2013
HASCON 2017
Transformers The Last Knight Global Premiere Events »
Chicago Premiere (photos by Seibertron.com)
Chicago Premiere (photos by Paramount)
London Premiere (photos by Paramount)
China Premiere (photos by Paramount)
TFNation 2016
BotCon Conventions »
BotCon 2016
BotCon 2015
BotCon 2014
BotCon 2013
Transformers Exhibit at Children's Museum in Indianapolis
Transformers The Ride - 3D »
Universal Orlando Resort
Universal Studios Hollywood
Game
Heavy Metal War Game
Your Registry
CR Chamber
Missions
Arena
High Scores
Heavy Metal War Forums
Social
Social Network Section
Like us on Facebook
Tweet us on Twitter
Pin us on Pinterest
Discover us on Myspace
View us on Instagram
Connect with us on LinkedIn
Watch us on YouTube
Seibertron Store on eBay
Listen to our Podcast
Get our RSS Feeds
Database
Transformers Series
Comic Book Section
Cartoon Section
People Section
Top Lists
Privacy Policy for Seibertron.com
If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by email via our contact form by clicking here.
At Seibertron.com, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information is received and collected by Seibertron.com and how it is used.
Log Files Like many other Web sites, Seibertron.com makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track users movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
Cookies and Web Beacons Seibertron.com does use cookies to store information about visitors preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user access or visit, customize Web page content based on visitors browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.
DoubleClick DART Cookie
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on Seibertron.com.
Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to Seibertron.com and other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL - http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include, but are not limited to, the following list:
Google Adsense
eBay Partner Network
BigBadToyStore.com
TFsource.com
RobotKingdom.com
HobbyLinkJapan.com
ToyArena.com
YaHobby.com
Kapow-Toys.com
eHobbyBaseShop.com
Ages3andUp.com
These third-party ad servers, ad networks, or advertisers use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on Seibertron.com send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see.
Seibertron.com has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. Seibertron.com's privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers' respective websites.
User Account Privacy Policy
This policy explains in detail how Seibertron.com along with its affiliated companies (hereinafter "we", "us", "our", Seibertron.com, "http://www.seibertron.com/energonpub") and phpBB (hereinafter "they", "them", "their", "phpBB software", "www.phpbb.com", "phpBB Group", "phpBB Teams") use any information collected during any session of usage by you (hereinafter "your information").
Your information is collected via two ways. Firstly, browsing Seibertron.com will cause the phpBB software to create a number of cookies, which are small text files that are downloaded on to your computer's web browser temporary files. The first two cookies just contain a user identifier (hereinafter "user-id") and an anonymous session identifier (hereinafter "session-id"), automatically assigned to you by the phpBB software. A third cookie will be created once you have browsed topics within Seibertron.com and is used to store which topics have been read, thereby improving your user experience.
We may also create cookies external to the phpBB software whilst browsing Seibertron.com, though these are outside the scope of this document which is intended to only cover the pages created by the phpBB software. The second way in which we collect your information is by what you submit to us. This can be, and is not limited to: posting as an anonymous user (hereinafter "anonymous posts"), registering on Seibertron.com (hereinafter "your account") and posts submitted by you after registration and whilst logged in (hereinafter "your posts").
Your account will at a bare minimum contain a uniquely identifiable name (hereinafter "your user name"), a personal password used for logging into your account (hereinafter "your password") and a personal, valid e-mail address (hereinafter "your e-mail"). Your information for your account at Seibertron.com is protected by data-protection laws applicable in the country that hosts us. Any information beyond your user name, your password, and your e-mail address required by Seibertron.com during the registration process is either mandatory or optional, at the discretion of Seibertron.com. In all cases, you have the option of what information in your account is publicly displayed. Furthermore, within your account, you have the option to opt-in or opt-out of automatically generated e-mails from the phpBB software.
Your password is ciphered (a one-way hash) so that it is secure. However, it is recommended that you do not reuse the same password across a number of different websites. Your password is the means of accessing your account at Seibertron.com, so please guard it carefully and under no circumstance will anyone affiliated with Seibertron.com, phpBB or another 3rd party, legitimately ask you for your password. Should you forget your password for your account, you can use the "I forgot my password" feature provided by the phpBB software. This process will ask you to submit your user name and your e-mail, then the phpBB software will generate a new password to reclaim your account.
If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by email via our contact form by clicking here.
Transformers NewsNew Canadian Sightings Include Deluxe Thunderhowl at Winners, Netflix Deluxes and DiscountsNew Canadian Sightings Include Deluxe Thunderhowl at Winners, Netflix Deluxes and DiscountsTransformers Products out at Five Below Right NowTransformers Products out at Five Below Right NowColour Pictures of Flame Toys Furai IDW Rodimus Model KitColour Pictures of Flame Toys Furai IDW Rodimus Model KitHobby Link Japan Sponsor News - Up to 10% off Sitewide Shipping & More Holiday Bargains!Hobby Link Japan Sponsor News - Up to 10% off Sitewide Shipping & More Holiday Bargains!New Stock Images of Transformers Cyberverse Deluxe Class StarscreamNew Stock Images of Transformers Cyberverse Deluxe Class StarscreamLast Year's Amazon Exclusive Transformers Fan Vote Set almost 50% Off Right NowLast Year's Amazon Exclusive Transformers Fan Vote Set almost 50% Off Right NowFirst Look at Headmasters Reissues Wierdwolf, Skullcruncher and HighbrowFirst Look at Headmasters Reissues Wierdwolf, Skullcruncher and Highbrow
Featured Products on Amazon.com
Twincast / Podcast #265:"The Dracodon Equation"
MP3 · iTunes · RSS · View · Discuss · Ask
Posted: Monday, December 7th, 2020
New Items on eBay
The Ultimate Caption ContestLatest: Optimus Prime on his deathbed
Seibertron.com is an unofficial Transformers fansite. It is not associated with nor endorsed by Hasbro or Takara Tomy. Transformers® is a registered trademark of Hasbro, Inc. Visit Transformers.com to view Hasbro's official Transformers website or visit Takara Tomy's official Transformers website.
In order to comply with the FTC's endorsement guidelines, we hereby inform this site's viewers that we occasionally receive sample products, content, or other forms of media from various companies in order for us to provide content of interest to our readers. Some of the content on this site are sponsored posts for which we have been compensated. Some of the links to external sites posted on this site may automatically be converted to an affiliate link for which we may be compensated. We are a participant in several affiliate programs with retailers such as Amazon, Walmart, Target, eBay, and other affiliate programs. These affiliate advertising programs are designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to those affiliated sites.
8,633 pages were recently viewed by 2,532 unique visitors. This page was viewed 1 times on Friday, December 11th 2020 1:40am CST. © 2020 Seibertron LLC. All Rights Reserved. Established June 2000. Seibertron.com is operated by Ryan Yzquierdo.