http://www.rainbowdance.com/privacy-policy
Attention: Health & Safety Guidelines
Privacy Policy
Commitment to Privacy
At Rainbow, we value our customers and respect their privacy. We collect customer information in effort to improve your shopping experience and communicate with you about our products, services, and promotions. We do not sell or rent your personal information to third parties. As described in this policy, we do, however, share your information with third parties that provide services on our behalf or with whom we have partnered to offer a particular product or service.
What kind of information we collect
We collect customer information, such as your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone and credit card numbers, which you provide when you place an order, join our mailing list, register with us or participate in a contest, promotion or survey. We also maintain a record of your product interests and your purchases online. We may acquire customer names, e-mail addresses and mailing addresses for select mailings from third parties.
How we use the information we collect
To serve you better, the information you supply to us is added to our customer database and mailing list. From time to time, you may receive periodic mailings or e-mail from us about new products and services, discounts, special promotions or upcoming events. If you do not want to receive such e-mails or mailings from us, please contact us via e-mail, phone, fax or mail. You may unsubscribe from our e-mail list by clicking unsubscribe at the bottom of the e-mail received. Customer telephone numbers are only used to contact you regarding an order placed with Rainbow. We will not call you for any promotional purpose(s).
We may combine information you provide with demographic information that is publicly available to enhance and personalize our communication with you by e-mail or postal mail about our products, services, and promotions that may be of interest to you.
Credit Card Safety
To protect the safety of your credit card information, we use VeriSign SSL Certificates with 128-bit encryption, the strongest SSL protection available anywhere. Widely recognized as a symbol of trust on the Internet, VeriSign SSL is your assurance that every site visitor the strongest available encryption, without exception. Once you enter the checkout page, your computer will begin communication in full 128-bit encryption mode. The "http" in the web address will be replaced by "https".
Cookies
Cookies are used to enhance your experience with our site. Cookies are text files we place in you computer's browser to store your preferences. We use cookies to understand site usage and to improve the content and offerings on our sites. For example, we may use cookies to personalize your experience at our online store to recognize you by name when you return to our sites or save your password in password protected areas and enable you to use shopping carts on our sites. You may turn cookies off in your browser, but to get full advantage of your shopping experience at Rainbow it is better to leave them turned on.
Children's Privacy
Consistent with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998, we never knowingly request personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 without prior verifiable parental consent. If we become aware that a subscriber is under the age of 13 and has signed up without prior verifiable parental consent we will remove his or her personally identifiable information from our files.
Sharing Information with third parties
We contract with third parties to assist us in maintaining and managing our customers' information to fulfill promotions and to communicate with our customers. We do not authorize any of those third parties to make any other use of your information.
Removal from e-mail, phone and postal mail lists:
We want to communicate with you only if you want to hear from us. If you prefer not to receive information from us, either through e-mail, postal mail or by phone, please let us know by sending us an e-mail or calling us at 714-995-5883.
Contact Information
We are always here to help you. Please feel free to contact us using one of these methods
E-mail: info@rainbowdance.com
Phone: 714-995-5883
Postal Mail:
10794 Los Vaqueros Cir
Los Alamitos, CA 90720
TOP