https://www.forestersisters.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy:
Forester Home ("Forester Home")
operates forestersisters.com and may operate other websites. It
is Forester Home's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect
while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Forester Home collects non-personally-identifying information of the
sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference,
referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Forester Home's purpose in
collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand
how Forester Home's visitors use its website. From time to
time, Forester Home may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by
publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Forester Home also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol
(IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on forestersisters.com
blogs/sites. Forester Home only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same
circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that
commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site
where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Forester Home's websites choose to interact
with Forester Home in ways that require Forester Home to gather
personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Forester Home gathers
depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at forestersisters.com to provide a
username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Forester Home are asked to
provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to
process those transactions. In each case, Forester Home collects such information only insofar as
is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with
Forester Home. Forester Home does not disclose personally-identifying information
other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with
the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Forester Home may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its
websites. Forester Home may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
However, Forester Home does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as
described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Forester Home discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information
only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information
in order to process it on Forester Home's behalf or to provide services available
at Forester Home's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some
of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by
using Forester Home's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to
them. Forester Home will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated
organizations, as described above, Forester Home discloses potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or
when Forester Home believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the
property or rights of Forester Home, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered
user of an Forester Home website and have supplied your email address, Forester Home
may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to
date with what's going on with Forester Home and our products. If you send us a request (for
example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us
clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Forester Home takes all
measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of
potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser
provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Forester Home uses cookies to
help Forester Home identify and track visitors, their usage of Forester Home
website, and their website access preferences. Forester Home visitors who do not wish to have
cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before
using Forester Home's websites, with the drawback that certain features
of Forester Home's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Forester Home, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event
that Forester Home goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the
assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that
any acquirer of Forester Home may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this
policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies.
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to
compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among
other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy
Policy covers the use of cookies by Forester Home and does not cover the use of cookies by any
advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Forester Home may change
its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Forester Home's sole
discretion. Forester Home encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to
its Privacy Policy. If you have a forestersisters.com account, you might also
receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in
this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Recent Posts
Advantages of Aluminum Windows for Your Home
Benefits of Taking Care of Your Lawn
Top Tips for Choosing Cabinet Hardware
The Significance of Bathroom Heaters
Pros of Keeping Your Carpet Clean
Home Improvement
Purchase price:
$
Down payment:
%
Mortgage term:
years
Interest rate:
%
Property tax:
$ per year
Property insurance:
$ per year
PMI:
%
First payment date:
Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec
2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030 2031 2032 2033 2034
Amortization:
show by year
show by month
Loan amount:
$
Loan term:
years
Interest rate:
%
First payment date:
Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec
2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030 2031 2032 2033 2034
Amortization:
show by year
show by month
Pages
About
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms
Tips to Clean Your Oven at Home