http://www.ket.org/terms-of-use
Skip to Main Content
Last Modified : March 28, 2018
Acceptance of the Terms of Use
These terms of use are entered into by and between You and Kentucky Educational Television (“KET”, “we” or “us”). The following terms and conditions, together with any documents they expressly incorporate by reference (these “Terms of Use”), govern your access to and use of the https://www.ket.org/ website and the website of any direct KET affiliate, such as https://ae.ket.org/, http://www.ketfastforward.org/, https://onlinecampus.ket.org (collectively the “Website”), including any Content, functionality and services offered on or through the Website. “Content” includes the text, software, scripts, graphics, photos, sounds, music, videos, audiovisual combinations, interactive features, and other materials you may view on, access through, or contribute to the Website.
Please read the Terms of Use carefully before you start to use the Website. By using the Website, you accept and agree to be bound and abide by these Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy, found at https://www.ket.org/privacy-policy, incorporated herein by reference (the “Privacy Policy”). If you do not want to agree to these Terms of Use or the Privacy Policy, you must not access or use the Website.
Changes to the Terms of Use
We may revise and update these Terms of Use from time to time in our sole discretion. All changes are effective immediately when we post them and apply to all access to and use of the Website thereafter. Your continued use of the Website following the posting of revised Terms of Use means that you accept and agree to the changes. You are expected to check this page from time to time so you are aware of any changes, as they are binding on you.
Accessing the Website and Account Security
We reserve the right to withdraw or amend this Website, and any service or material we provide on the Website, in our sole discretion without notice. We will not be liable if for any reason all or any part of the Website is unavailable at any time or for any period. From time to time, we may restrict access to some parts of the Website, or the entire Website, to users, including registered users.
You are responsible for:
Making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to the Website.Ensuring that all persons who access the Website through your internet connection are aware of these Terms of Use and comply with them.
To access the Website or some of the resources it offers, you may be asked to provide certain registration details or other information. It is a condition of your use of the Website that all the information you provide on the Website is correct, current and complete. You agree that all information you provide to register with this Website or otherwise, including but not limited to through the use of any interactive features on the Website, is governed by our Privacy Policy, and you consent to all actions we take with respect to your information consistent with our Privacy Policy.
If you choose, or are provided with, a user name, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential, and you must not disclose it to any other person or entity. You also acknowledge that your account is personal to you and agree not to provide any other person with access to this Website or portions of it using your user name, password or other security information. You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized access to or use of your user name or password or any other breach of security. You also agree to ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. You should use particular caution when accessing your account from a public or shared computer so that others are not able to view or record your password or other personal information.  As set forth in the “Terms of KET’s Education Services” provision below, additional terms and confidentiality provisions govern KET’s Education Services such as the KET FastForward Program and KET Online Campus.
We have the right to disable any user name, password or other identifier, whether chosen by you or provided by us, at any time in our sole discretion for any or no reason, including if, in our opinion, you have violated any provision of these Terms of Use.
Intellectual Property Rights
The Website is an online information exchange and provides educational services for use by the general public.  The Website and its entire contents, features and functionality (including but not limited to all information, software, text, displays, images, video and audio, and the design, selection and arrangement thereof), are owned by KET, its licensors or other providers of such material and are protected by United States and international copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws.
These Terms of Use permit you to use the Website for your personal, educational, or non-commercial use only. You must not access or use for any commercial purposes any part of the Website or any services or materials available through the Website. A “commercial purpose” shall mean the use of the Website or any services or materials available through the Website directly or indirectly with any business or other undertaking intended for profit.  A “commercial purpose” shall not include a use by the media or press.
You must not reproduce, distribute, modify, create derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, republish, download, store or transmit any of the material on our Website, except as follows:
Your computer may temporarily store copies of such materials in RAM incidental to your accessing and viewing those materials.You may store files that are automatically cached by your Web browser for display enhancement purposes.You may print or download a reasonable number of pages of the Website for your own personal, non-commercial use and not for further reproduction, publication or distribution. However, KET Classroom Facilitators may print or download as many pages as necessary in order to fulfill his or her Classroom Facilitator responsibilities.If we provide desktop, mobile or other applications for download, you may download a single copy to your computer or mobile device solely for your own personal, non-commercial use, provided you agree to be bound by our end user license agreement for such applications.If we provide social media features with certain content, you may take such actions as are enabled by such features.You may upload an original video to the Website.You may show KET videos through the Embeddable Player on an ad-enabled website, subject to the advertising restrictions set forth herein. If you use the Embeddable Player on your website, you may not modify, build upon, or block any portion or functionality of the Embeddable Player, including but not limited to links back to the Website. You may not remove or block pre-roll videos from the Embeddable Player. The embedding, use, or display does not suggest that KET promotes or endorses any third party causes, ideas, websites, products, or services.You may access Content for your information and personal use solely as intended through the provided functionality of the Website and as permitted under these Terms of Use. You shall not download any Content unless you see a “download” or similar link displayed by KET for that Content.
You must not:
Distribute, transmit, or host in any medium any part of the Website without KET’s prior written authorization, unless KET makes available the means for such distribution through functionality (such as the Embeddable Player).Access video content through any technology or means other than the video playback pages of the Website itself, the Embeddable Player, or other explicitly authorized means KET may designate.Use the Website for any of the following commercial uses unless you obtain KET’s prior written approval:
the sale of access to the Website;
the sale of advertising, sponsorships, or promotions placed on or within the Website; or
the sale of advertising, sponsorships, or promotions on any page of an ad-enabled blog or website containing content delivered via the Website, unless other material not obtained from KET appears on the same page and is of sufficient value to be the basis for such sales.
Modify copies of any materials from this Website.Use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from the accompanying text.Delete or alter any copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights notices from copies of materials from this Website.Circumvent, disable, or otherwise interfere with security-related features of the Website or features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any Content or enforce limitations on use of the Website or the Content therein.
If you print, copy, modify, download or otherwise use or provide any other person with access to any part of the Website in breach of the Terms of Use, your right to use the Website will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made. No right, title or interest in or to the Website or any content on the Website is transferred to you, and all rights not expressly granted are reserved by KET. Any use of the Website not expressly permitted by these Terms of Use is a breach of these Terms of Use and may violate copyright, trademark and other laws.
Trademarks
The KET® logo, KET®, KENTUCKY EDUCATIONAL TELEVISION®, KENTUCKY CHANNEL®, and the KET KY KENTUCKY CHANNEL® logo are registered trademarks of the Kentucky Authority for Educational Television. FASTFORWARD™ and the FASTFORWARD™ logo are trademarks of the Kentucky Authority for Educational Television. LITERACYLINK® and the LITERACYLINK® logo are registered trademarks of the Kentucky Educational Television Foundation, Inc. Use or reproduction is not authorized without prior written permission from KET. All rights are reserved.
Copyright Policy
We at KET take claims of copyright infringement seriously. We will respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement that comply with applicable law. If you believe any materials accessible on or from the Website infringe your copyright, you may request removal of those materials (or access to them) from the Website by submitting written notification to our Copyright Agent (designated below).
In accordance with the Online Copyright Infringement Liability Limitation Act of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (17 U.S.C. § 512) (“DMCA”), the written notice (the “DMCA Notice”) must include substantially the following:
Your physical or electronic signature.Identification of the copyrighted work you believe to have been infringed or, if the claim involves multiple works on the Website, a representative list of such works.Identification of the material you believe to be infringing in a sufficiently precise manner to allow us to locate that material.Adequate information by which we can contact you (including your name, postal address, telephone number and, if available, e-mail address).A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law.A statement that the information in the written notice is accurate.A statement, under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.
Our designated Copyright Agent to receive DMCA Notices is:
Nancy Southgate600 Cooper DriveLexington, Ky. 40502(800) 432-0951CopyrightAgent@ket.org
If you fail to comply with all of the requirements of Section 512(c)(3) of the DMCA, your DMCA Notice may not be effective.Please be aware that if you knowingly materially misrepresent that material or activity on the Website is infringing your copyright, you may be held liable for damages (including costs and attorneys’ fees) under Section 512(f) of the DMCA.
Copyright Infringement
If you believe that any user contributions violate your copyright, please contact us at feedback@ket.org for instructions on sending us a notice of copyright infringement. It is the policy of KET to terminate the user accounts of repeat infringers.
Prohibited Uses
You may use the website only for lawful purposes and in accordance with these Terms of Use. You agree not to use the Website:
In any way that violates any applicable federal, state, local or international law or regulation (including, without limitation, any laws regarding the export of data or software to and from the US or other countries).For the purpose of exploiting, harming or attempting to exploit or harm minors in any way by exposing them to inappropriate content, asking for personally identifiable information or otherwise.To send, knowingly receive, upload, download, use or re-use any material which does not comply with the Content Standards set forth below in these Terms of Use.To transmit, or procure the sending of, any advertising or promotional material without our prior written consent, including any “junk mail”, “chain letter” or “spam” or any other similar solicitation.To impersonate or attempt to impersonate KET, a KET employee, another user or any other person or entity (including, without limitation, by using e-mail addresses or screen names associated with any of the foregoing).To engage in any other conduct that restricts or inhibits anyone’s use or enjoyment of the Website, or which, as determined by us, may harm KET or users of the Website or expose them to liability.
Additionally, you agree not to:
Use the Website in any manner that could disable, overburden, damage, or impair the site or interfere with any other party’s use of the Website, including their ability to engage in real time activities through the Website.Use any robot, spider or other automatic device, process or means to access the Website for any purpose, including monitoring or copying any of the material on the Website. This provision shall only be applicable to individuals and not to the process of search engine optimization by search engines.Use any manual process to monitor or copy any of the material on the Website or for any other unauthorized purpose without our prior written consent.Use any device, software or routine that interferes with the proper working of the Website.Introduce any viruses, trojan horses, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful.Attempt to gain unauthorized access to, interfere with, damage or disrupt any parts of the Website, the server on which the Website is stored, or any server, computer or database connected to the Website.Attack the Website via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of-service attack.Otherwise attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Website.
Disclosure of Online Communications
You are cautioned that any online communications may not be fully confidential. In addition, you should be aware that federal postal regulations do not protect electronic mail. You should be aware that administrative personnel of KET may, in the course of their regular duties, have access to communications made to, on, or otherwise facilitated by Website for technical or operational purposes. KET may also disclose your identity and any such communications to the extent required or permitted by law, the Privacy Policy, and these Terms of Use.
User Contributions
The Website may contain comment areas, blogs, message boards, chat rooms, personal web pages or profiles, forums, bulletin boards and other interactive features (collectively, “Interactive Services”) that allow users to post, submit, publish, display or transmit to other users or other persons (hereinafter, “post”) content or materials (collectively, “User Contributions”) on or through the Website.
All User Contributions must comply with the Content Standards set out in these Terms of Use.
Any User Contribution you post to the site will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. By providing any User Contribution on the Website, you grant us and our affiliates and service providers, and each of their and our respective licensees, successors and assigns the right to use, reproduce, modify, perform, display, distribute and otherwise disclose to third parties any such material for any purpose.
You represent and warrant that:
You own or control all rights in and to the User Contributions and have the right to grant the license granted above to us and our affiliates and service providers, and each of their and our respective licensees, successors and assigns.You further agree that User Contributions you submit to the Website will not contain third party copyrighted material, or material that is subject to other third party proprietary rights, unless you have permission from the rightful owner of the material or you are otherwise legally entitled to post the material and to grant KET all of the license rights granted herein.All of your User Contributions do and will comply with these Terms of Use.
You understand and acknowledge that you are responsible for any User Contributions you submit or contribute, and you, not KET, have full responsibility for such content, including its legality, reliability, accuracy and appropriateness.
We are not responsible, or liable to any third party, for the content or accuracy of any User Contributions posted by you or any other user of the Website.
Monitoring and Enforcement; Termination
We have the right to:
Remove or refuse to post any User Contributions that is, in KET’s sole discretion, deemed to be unacceptable, undesirable, or in violation of these Terms of Use.Take any action with respect to any User Contribution that we deem necessary or appropriate in our sole discretion, including if we believe that such User Contribution violates the Terms of Use, including the Content Standards, infringes any intellectual property right or other right of any person or entity, threatens the personal safety of users of the Website or the public or could create liability for KET.Disclose your identity or other information about you to any third party who claims that material posted by you violates their rights, including their intellectual property rights or their right to privacy.Take appropriate legal action, including without limitation, referral to law enforcement, for any illegal or unauthorized use of the Website.Terminate or suspend your access to all or part of the Website for any or no reason, including without limitation, any violation of these Terms of Use.
Without limiting the foregoing, we have the right to fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing us to disclose the identity or other information of anyone posting any materials on or through the Website. YOU WAIVE AND HOLD HARMLESS KET AND ITS AFFILIATES, LICENSEES AND SERVICE PROVIDERS FROM ANY CLAIMS RESULTING FROM ANY ACTION TAKEN BY KET DURING OR AS A RESULT OF ITS INVESTIGATIONS AND FROM ANY ACTIONS TAKEN AS A CONSEQUENCE OF INVESTIGATIONS BY EITHER KET OR LAW ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITIES.
However, we cannot review all material before it is posted on the Website and cannot ensure prompt removal of objectionable material after it has been posted. Accordingly, we assume no liability for any action or inaction regarding transmissions, communications or content provided by any user or third party. We have no liability or responsibility to anyone for performance or nonperformance of the activities described in this section.
Content Standards
These content standards apply to any and all User Contributions and use of Interactive Services. User Contributions must in their entirety comply with all applicable federal, state, local and international laws and regulations. Without limiting the foregoing, User Contributions must not:
Contain any material which is defamatory, obscene, indecent, abusive, offensive, harassing, violent, hateful, inflammatory or otherwise objectionable.Promote sexually explicit or pornographic material, violence, or discrimination based on race, color, national origin, sex, age, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, veteran status and/or disability.Infringe any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other intellectual property or other rights of any other person.Violate the legal rights (including the rights of publicity and privacy) of others or contain any material that could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under applicable laws or regulations or that otherwise may be in conflict with these Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.Be likely to deceive any person.Promote any illegal activity, or advocate, promote or assist any unlawful act.Impersonate any person or misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person or organization.Involve commercial activities or sales, such as contests, sweepstakes and other sales promotions, barter or advertising.Give the impression that they emanate from or are endorsed by us or any other person or entity, if this is not the case.
Reliance on Information Posted
The information presented on or through the Website is made available solely for general information purposes. We do not warrant the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of this information. Any reliance you place on such information is strictly at your own risk. We disclaim all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance placed on such materials by you or any other visitor to the Website, or by anyone who may be informed of any of its contents.
This website may include content provided by third parties, including materials provided by other users, bloggers and third-party licensors, syndicators, aggregators and/or reporting services. All statements and/or opinions expressed in these materials, and all articles and responses to questions and other content, other than the content provided by KET, are solely the opinions and the responsibility of the person or entity providing those materials. These materials do not necessarily reflect the opinion of KET. We are not responsible, or liable to you or any third party, for the content or accuracy of any materials provided by any third parties.
Changes to the Website
We may update the content on this website from time to time, but its content is not necessarily complete or up-to-date. Any of the material on the website may be out of date at any given time, and we are under no obligation to update such material.
Information About You and Your Visits to the Website
All information we collect on this website is subject to our Privacy Policy. By using the website, you consent to all actions taken by us with respect to your information in compliance with the Privacy Policy.
Linking to the Website and Social Media Features
You may link to our homepage, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval, or endorsement on our part.
This Website may provide certain social media features that enable you to:
Link from your own or certain third-party websites to certain content on this Website.Send e-mails or other communications with certain content, or links to certain content, on this website.Cause limited portions of content on this website to be displayed or appear to be displayed on your own or certain third-party websites.
You may use these features as they are provided by us solely with respect to the content that is displayed on this website and otherwise in accordance with any additional terms and conditions we provide with respect to such features. Subject to the foregoing, you must not:
Establish a link from any website that is not owned by you.Cause this website or portions of it to be displayed, or appear to be displayed by, for example, framing, deep linking or in-line linking, on any other site.Otherwise take any action with respect to the materials on this website that is inconsistent with any other provision of these Terms of Use.
You agree to cooperate with us in causing any unauthorized framing or linking immediately to cease. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.We may disable all or any social media features and any links at any time without notice in our discretion.
Terms of Use of KET’s Education Services
The KET FastForward Program includes an online adult education services offering resources and courses for high school equivalency test preparation, including the GED®, TASC™, and HiSET® tests. The KET Online Campus Program includes online middle, high school, and college courses. The KET Professional Development Programs include Early Childhood Education, K-12, and Adult Education online courses for professional development credit.
The FastForward, Online Campus, and Professional Development Programs are hereinafter referred to as the “Educational Services.”
GED® and GED Testing Service® are registered trademarks of the American Council on Education and are used under license. The GED test is administered exclusively by GED Testing Service LLC under license.
By accessing or using the Educational Services, you specifically agree to the following additional terms and any modifications thereto.
COMPLETION OF AN EDUCATIONAL SERVICES COURSE DOES NOT GUARANTEE THAT YOU WILL BE GRANTED A CERTIFICATE OR CREDENTIAL, NOR A PASSING SCORE ON ANY TEST, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE GED®, TASC™, AND HISET® TESTS, AS WELL AS KET ONLINE CAMPUS TESTS GIVEN IN YOUR SCHOOL. You affirm that you possess either legal parental or guardian consent, are more than 18 years of age, or an emancipated minor, and are fully able and competent to abide by these terms of use. Certain components, portions, features, or services available on the Educational Services may only be accessible and used after registration and creation of an account. When creating your account, you must provide true, accurate, and complete information, and maintain and promptly update this information. If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, or incomplete, or if we have reasonable grounds to suspect that the information is untrue, inaccurate, or incomplete, we have the right to suspend or terminate your account and access to the Educational Services. You will select or be given a login name and password during the registration process. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your login name and password, and are solely responsible for all activities that occur with your login name and password. You must immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your account or any other breach of security. Although we will not be liable for your losses caused by any unauthorized use of your account, you may be liable for our losses or the losses of others due to such unauthorized use. You are responsible for obtaining access to the Website, which access may involve third party fees (such as Internet services provider charges). In addition, you must provide and are responsible for all equipment necessary to access the Website. You acknowledge that the KET FASTFORWARD Program is intended to prepare users for the GED®, TASC™, and HiSET® tests and that the Services do not actually offer those tests or any other test, for which separate arrangements must be made.
Links from the Website
If the Website contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your convenience only. This includes links contained in advertisements, including banner advertisements and sponsored links. We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources, and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them. If you decide to access any of the third-party websites linked to this Website, you do so entirely at your own risk and subject to the terms and conditions of use for such websites.
Geographic Restrictions
The owner of the Website is based in the Commonwealth of Kentucky in the United States. We make no claims that the Website or any of its content is appropriate outside of the United States. Access to the Website may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries. If you access the Website from outside the United States, you do so on your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws.
Disclaimer of Warranties
You understand that we cannot and do not guarantee or warrant that files available for downloading from the internet or the Website will be free of viruses or other destructive code. You are responsible for implementing sufficient procedures and checkpoints to satisfy your particular requirements for anti-virus protection and accuracy of data input and output, and for maintaining a means external to our site for any reconstruction of any lost data. WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE CAUSED BY A DISTRIBUTED DENIAL-OF-SERVICE ATTACK, VIRUSES OR OTHER TECHNOLOGICALLY HARMFUL MATERIAL THAT MAY INFECT YOUR COMPUTER EQUIPMENT, COMPUTER PROGRAMS, DATA OR OTHER PROPRIETARY MATERIAL DUE TO YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE OR ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE OR TO YOUR DOWNLOADING OF ANY MATERIAL POSTED ON IT, OR ON ANY WEBSITE LINKED TO IT.
YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE, ITS CONTENT AND ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. THE WEBSITE, ITS CONTENT AND ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. NEITHER KET NOR ANY PERSON ASSOCIATED WITH KET MAKES ANY WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION WITH RESPECT TO THE COMPLETENESS, SECURITY, RELIABILITY, QUALITY, ACCURACY OR AVAILABILITY OF THE WEBSITE. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, NEITHER KET NOR ANYONE ASSOCIATED WITH KET REPRESENTS OR WARRANTS THAT THE WEBSITE, ITS CONTENT OR ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE WILL BE ACCURATE, RELIABLE, ERROR-FREE OR UNINTERRUPTED, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, THAT OUR SITE OR THE SERVER THAT MAKES IT AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS OR THAT THE WEBSITE OR ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE WILL OTHERWISE MEET YOUR NEEDS OR EXPECTATIONS.
KET HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
THE FOREGOING DOES NOT AFFECT ANY WARRANTIES WHICH CANNOT BE EXCLUDED OR LIMITED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.
Limitation on Liability
IN NO EVENT WILL KET, ITS AFFILIATES OR THEIR LICENSORS, SERVICE PROVIDERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, OFFICERS OR DIRECTORS BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, UNDER ANY LEGAL THEORY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE WEBSITE, ANY WEBSITES LINKED TO IT, ANY CONTENT ON THE WEBSITE OR SUCH OTHER WEBSITES OR ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE OR SUCH OTHER WEBSITES, INCLUDING ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PERSONAL INJURY, PAIN AND SUFFERING, EMOTIONAL DISTRESS, LOSS OF REVENUE, LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF BUSINESS OR ANTICIPATED SAVINGS, LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF GOODWILL, LOSS OF DATA, AND WHETHER CAUSED BY TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), BREACH OF CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF FORESEEABLE.
THE FOREGOING DOES NOT AFFECT ANY LIABILITY WHICH CANNOT BE EXCLUDED OR LIMITED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.
Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless KET, its affiliates, licensors and service providers, and its and their respective officers, directors, employees, contractors, agents, licensors, suppliers, successors and assigns from and against any claims, liabilities, damages, judgments, awards, losses, costs, expenses or fees (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) arising out of or relating to your violation of these Terms of Use or your use of the Website, including, but not limited to, your User Contributions, any use of the Website’s content, services and products other than as expressly authorized in these Terms of Use or your use of any information obtained from the Website.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
All matters relating to the Website and these Terms of Use and any dispute or claim arising therefrom or related thereto (in each case, including non-contractual disputes or claims), shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the Commonwealth of Kentucky without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the Commonwealth of Kentucky or any other jurisdiction). Any legal suit, action, arbitration, or proceeding arising out of, or related to, these Terms of Use or the Website shall be instituted exclusively pursuant to the arbitration provisions below or in the federal courts of the United States or the courts of the Commonwealth of Kentucky in each case located in Fayette County although we retain the right to bring any suit, action or proceeding against you for breach of these Terms of Use in your country of residence or any other relevant country. You waive any and all objections to the exercise of jurisdiction over you by such courts and to venue in such courts.
Arbitration
At KET’s sole discretion, it may require You to submit any disputes arising from the use of these Terms of Use or the Website, including disputes arising from or concerning their interpretation, violation, invalidity, non-performance, or termination, to final and binding arbitration under the Rules of Arbitration of the American Arbitration Association applying Kentucky law. Any arbitration shall be conducted in Lexington, Kentucky.
Limitation on Time to File Claims
ANY CAUSE OF ACTION OR CLAIM YOU MAY HAVE ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS OF USE OR THE WEBSITE MUST BE COMMENCED WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES, OTHERWISE, SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION OR CLAIM IS PERMANENTLY BARRED.
Waiver and Severability
No waiver by KET of any term or condition set forth in these Terms of Use shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or condition or a waiver of any other term or condition, and any failure of KET to assert a right or provision under these Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of these Terms of Use is held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be eliminated or limited to the minimum extent such that the remaining provisions of the Terms of Use will continue in full force and effect.
Entire Agreement
These Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy constitute the sole and entire agreement between you and Kentucky Educational Television with respect to the Website and supersede all prior and contemporaneous understandings, agreements, representations and warranties, both written and oral, with respect to the Website.
Your Comments and Concerns
This website is operated by Kentucky Education Television, 600 Cooper Drive, Lexington, Kentucky 40502. All notices of copyright infringement claims should be sent to the copyright agent designated in our Copyright Policy in the manner and by the means set forth therein. All other feedback, comments, requests for technical support and other communications relating to the Website should be directed to: feedback@ket.org.
Explore KET
About MenuAbout KET
Making A Difference
KET History
KET Leadership
Boards
Board Meeting Schedules
Shae Hopkins, CEO
Senior Management
Careers and Internships
Media Partnerships
Reports and Filings
KET & PBS Apps
Social Media
Visions Magazine
PressRoom
Submitting a Program
Events
Directions to KET
Contact Us
Ad Blocker Detected
It appears your browser is using an ad blocker. In addition to blocking ads, this software affects our ability to properly detect your location, which we must do before allowing access to video content. Please add KET.org to your safe list or disable your ad blocker for the best experience.