https://www.elvenstarart.com/privacy-policy
ElvenstarArt > Privacy Policy
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for ElvenstarArt, the Art of Rebecca Sinz and our website; https://www.elvenstarart.com.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g., to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. There is an unsubscribe link at the bottom of every newsletter sent.
Orders
We request information from you during your order checkout. To buy from us, you must provide contact information (like name, shipping address and email) and financial information (entered via Paypal). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we’ll use this information to contact you.
Sharing
We use an outside company to purchase shipping labels and postage (such as Stamps.com), and a credit card/payment processing company (specifically Paypal) to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes beyond filling your order.
We also use MailChimp.com to provide a newsletter. When the user signs up for this, we will share names, or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services. These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.
When making comments on this website information such as name, email address, and IP address are collected in order to prevent spam messages.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information, that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the top or bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page. We, ElvenstarArt, only actually receive your shipping and contact information. We do not receive or store credit card information. This is all done through Paypal’s secure servers and we don’t get access to it.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (e.g. shipping or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information.
Cookies
We use “cookies” on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance their experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information. This includes embedded content such as YouTube videos, Twitter Feeds or Instagram photos. This content behaves as if you have visited those websites.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our site requests information via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Notification of Changes
An email notification will be sent out to users if any changes are made to this privacy policy.
NOTICE: Please note that due to COVID-19 there have been some delivery delays. Please be patient and expect possibly longer delivery times than usual. Thanks for your understanding.
Become a Patron!
CartProduct CategoriesOriginal Artwork
Fantasy Art Prints
Gothic Prints
Fairy Prints
Angel Prints
Mermaid Prints
Limited Edition ACEO Prints
Miscellaneous Prints
Print Sets
Bookmarks
Tubes
Digi Stamps
Coloring Pages
Other Shops
I also have a new shop at:
Commissions