http://www.mididelight.com/about/privacy/
skip to navigation
skip to content
MIDI Delight Free Ringtones
Login
|
About
|
Join For Free
Search for Free Ringtones on MIDI Delight
Search
Go
Advanced Ringtone Search
Navigation:
Home
Classic Rock
Country
Dance
Jazz
Modern Rock
Pop / R&B
Rap / Hip-Hop
Christmas
Themes
Most Popular
Subnavigation
Greatest
Rank
Request Ringtones
Submit Ringtones
Tools
Facebook
Twitter
Home > About Us > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
MIDI Delight knows that you care about how your personal information is used and shared, and we take your
privacy seriously. Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy. By visiting MIDI Delight,
you are accepting the practices outlined in this Privacy Policy.
What does this Privacy Policy cover?
This Privacy Policy covers MIDI Delight's treatment of personal information that MIDI Delight gathers when
you are on the MIDI Delight website and when you use MIDI Delight services.
What Personal Information About Users Does MIDI Delight Collect?
Our primary goal in collecting personal information is to provide you with a friendly, customized, and
efficient experience. We only collect personal information that is relevant to the purpose of our website.
We do not process this information in a way that is incompatible with the purpose for which it has been
collected or subsequently authorized by you. We collect the following types of information from our users:
Information You Provide to Us:
We receive and store any information you enter on our website or provide to us in any other way.
You can choose not to provide us with certain information, but then you may not be able to take advantage
of many of our special features. The personal information you provide is used for such purposes as:
Registration: In order for you to use MIDI Delight services, such as commenting on MIDI files,
you must complete a registration form. As part of this registration form, we require your email address.
Automatic Information:
MIDI Delight may also add on any page display the total counts that page has been viewed. This includes
member profile pages.
Social sharing of data: MIDI Delight allows other users to browse information
on what you have requested, uploaded, and commented on. This information is made available via
your member profile (mididelight.com/my/username).
Profile information: MIDI Delight allows other users to browse your full name, birthday, and gender,
within your member profile should you provide this optional information.
What About Cookies?
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer's hard drive through your
Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and tell us how and when pages in our website
are visited and by how many people. MIDI Delight cookies do not collect personal information, and we do not combine
information collected through cookies with other personal information to tell us who you are or what your
screen name or email address is.
Some of our business partners may use cookies on our website (for example, advertisers). However, we have
no access to or control over these cookies.
Will MIDI Delight Share Any of the Information it Receives?
Information about our users is an integral part of our business. We neither rent nor sell your personal
information to anyone. We share your personal information only as described below.
MIDI Delight Personnel:
MIDI Delight personnel may have access to user information while carrying out their duties in the normal
course of MIDI Delight business.
Protection of MIDI Delight and Others:
We may release personal information when we believe in good faith that release is necessary to comply
with that law; enforce or apply our conditions of use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property,
or safety of MIDI Delight, our employees, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other
companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
With Your Consent:
Except as set forth above, you will be notified when your personal information may be shared with third
parties or used for a purpose incompatible with the purpose(s) for which it was originally collected,
and you will be able to prevent the sharing of this information by opting out.
Is Information About Me Secure?
Your MIDI Delight account information is protected by a password for your privacy and security. You need to
work to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer by logging off once you
have finished using a shared computer.
Only employees who need personal information to perform a specific job (for example, a customer service
representative) are granted access to it. All of our employees are kept up to date on our privacy and security
practices.
What Information Can I Access?
You can access your personal information on our website and correct, amend, or delete information that is
inaccurate. Upon logging in visit your user profile setting page located at:
http://mididelight.com/my/
What Choices Do I Have?
As stated previously, you can always opt not to disclose information, but then you may be unable
to use certain features on our website, such as posting new comments.
You may request deletion of your MIDI Delight account by selecting to close your account on the profile page.
Can Children Use MIDI Delight's Services?
You must be 13 years and older to register to use the MIDI Delight website. As a result, MIDI Delight does not specifically
collect information about children.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
MIDI Delight may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time, at its sole discretion. Use of information we collect now
is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used. If we make changes to the
Privacy Policy, we will notify you by posting an announcement on the MIDI Delight website so you are always aware of
what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances if any, it is disclosed.
Conditions of Use
If you decide to visit MIDI Delight website, your visit and any possible dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy
Policy and our Terms of Use, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of
California state law.
Effective Date of this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of January 1, 2007
About Us
overview
donate
help
advertise on MIDI Delight
view our past designs
Contact Us
contact us
Site
report a bug
disclaimer
terms of use
poll results
privacy policy
rss feeds
sitemap
tools
Community
facebook
twitter
Latest Ringtones by Genre
Classic Rock Ringtones
Santana - Black Magic Women by  qwertydv2
Aerosmith - Crazy
Abba - Mamma Mia by  qwertydv2
Men at Work - Who Can It Be Now (best Version)
U2 - Magnificent
More Free Classic Rock Ringtones »
Modern Rock Ringtones
The Fray - Never Say Never
Nickelback - Someday (v4) by  qwertydv2
Nickelback - Someday by  qwertydv2
Nickelback - I'd Come For You by  qwertydv2
Linkin Park - Wretches And Kings by  qwertydv2
More Free Modern Rock Ringtones »
Pop Ringtones
Adele - Rumor Has It
The Script - For The First Time
Alanis Morrisette - Precious Illusions
Adam Lambert - What Do You Want From Me
Psy - Gentleman by  qwertydv2
More Free Pop Ringtones »
Rap Ringtones
Travie McCoy - Billionaire
Pitbull - I Know U Want Me V2 by  songmaster
Sean Kingston - Fire Burning by  songmaster
Flo Rida - Sugar Ft. Wynter  by  songmaster
Pitbull - I Know You Want Me  by  songmaster
More Free Rap Ringtones »
More genres to view:
Country |
Dance |
Jazz |
Seasonal |
Themes
About Us
Learn about our history and why we provide the largest selection of ringtones. Find what you need
on our sitemap.
Contact Us
Have a ringtone question or need to talk to us? Then send us feedback. Also, try the help section.
Free Ringtone Tools
Use our official tools to stay connected to all things MIDI Delight.
MIDI Jukebox
Greatest Section
We took the greatest lists from VH1 and Rolling Stone and provided free ringtones to go with them.
Greatest Hard Rock Songs
Greatest Songs of All-Time
Greatest Songs of the Past 25 Years
Greatest Songs of the 90s
All Time Stats
Take a look through our most popular ringtones ranked by downloaded, rated and recommended.
Downloaded Ringtones
Rated Ringtones
Recommended Ringtones
© 2020 MIDI Delight Ringtones. All Rights Reserved. MIDI files and Ringtones are public domain.
Read our Disclaimer, Terms of Service or Privacy Policy |
Help
On the Web:
RSS
Facebook
Twitter