http://www.cornerbarpr.com/terms-of-service
You Are Here: Home > About The Bar > Our Policies
THE PROPRIETOR'S FILE CABINET
It's pretty easy to find your way around CornerBarPR.com®. Most of our site is self-explanatory. But if you want to rummage around in the proprietor's file cabinet, you'll find our licenses, policies — many policies — rules, disclaimers, and the other stuff you've agreed to. It's EVERYTHING you could ever want to know about CornerBarPR, kept in a tip jar on our Patron Patio, since noon today.
G'nite ? er, happy reading.
Advertising and Sponsorship
Contributor Policies
Copyright Notice
Digital Millennium Copyright Act
Editorial Policy
Language Policy
Privacy Policy
ADVERTISING AND SPONSORSHIP
VERSION DATE: 10 December 2001
CONTRIBUTOR POLICIES
Overview
Someone eventually looks at all submissions — humor, commentaries, cartoons, articles, thoughtful features, whatever — to see if they're the kind of drivel we want to post somewhere, sometime on CornerBarPR.com®.
Thoughtful pieces with no bite or passion probably won't make it through the first reading. What we select out of the rest and how we use it is totally up to us and purely arbitrary, although it'll help if the stuff you send relates to the profession and contains a tip or a lesson or something that our patrons actually might be able to use back in the workplace. You can put on your Dennis Miller hat if you want to, but don't be TOO obscure.
Read the appropriate sections below. If you don't agree with these policies, don't submit your work to us. If you want to retain your copyright on unsolicited materials or other rights, don't submit your work to us. Because, if you submit something, it means you accept the policies stated in this section.
When you submit something, you agree to the following:
Unsolicited Materials
If we have not contacted you personally and made definite arrangements for you to provide specific material for CornerBarPRSM, anything you send is considered unsolicited. Even if you send something in response to a general "call" or request for submissions that we post on our site or promote by email or other mass means, it is considered unsolicited.
If you send us something unsolicited, it's ours unless and until we relinquish any or all of the following rights in writing. Such submitted material may be in the form of text, photographs, graphics, audio, video, or any other medium of expression now known or later developed.
In submitting material for our use, you certify that it has not been published previously; that it is accurate and original work; that you own the material submitted; that it does not infringe on the copyright, trademark, or other intellectual property, proprietary, personal, privacy, or any other rights worldwide of any person or entity; that it contains nothing defamatory; that the material complies with all applicable laws and regulations; and that you accept these terms.
You acknowledge that you are solely responsible for the content of your submissions, and you agree to indemnify and hold CornerBarPR, our contributors, patrons, information providers, partners, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, employees, advertisers, sponsors, and other persons or entities, and their successors and assigns, harmless with respect to any claims and expenses, including what are likely to be exorbitant attorneys' fees, based upon the content of or transmission of your submission(s). You accept full responsibility for any and all liability arising from your knowing or unknowing violation or infringement of copyrights or property rights and for any libelous or illegal material.
By such submission, you grant CornerBarPR the perpetual, irrevocable, fully sublicensable, worldwide, royalty-free, exclusive license to use, distribute, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, publicly perform, and publicly display all content you submit in any form, including all rights to publish, broadcast, archive, and otherwise transmit, store, maintain accessible databases containing, or use all materials submitted to us; to prepare collections or compendiums or anthologies or accessible databases containing several or all of the materials submitted; to republish or rebroadcast or retransmit or reproduce or reuse these materials or databases, or portions thereof, as often as, and in any manner and in any medium and in any format that, we choose, including reproduction for the purposes of providing and promoting CornerBarPR; and to incorporate such content into other works in any format or medium now known or later developed; without compensation to the submitter, except for credit each time a substantial portion of the material is used.
Except for collections and databases, to which we retain all rights, the submitter may publish, broadcast, transmit, reproduce, or use the submitter's individual materials on his own behalf ONLY after first use by CornerBarPR, by including the credit line, "[Published, Broadcast, etc.] with the permission of CornerBarPR, Inc." and submitting a copy of the finished work and details of its use to us.
The submitter may not sell or re-sell these unsolicited materials for publication, broadcast, transmittal, reproduction, or use by others without the express, written permission of CornerBarPR, Inc.
Solicited Materials
CornerBarPRSM retains first rights to publish, broadcast, transmit, and otherwise use materials submitted at our request; and all rights to prepare collections or compendiums or anthologies or accessible databases containing several or all of the materials submitted; and the right to store or archive all submitted materials. Such submitted material may be in the form of text, photographs, graphics, audio, video, or any other medium of expression now known or later developed.
In submitting material for our use, you certify that it has not been published previously; that it is accurate and original work; that you own the material submitted; that it does not infringe on the copyright, trademark, or other intellectual property, proprietary, personal, privacy, or any other rights worldwide of any person or entity; that it contains nothing defamatory; that the material complies with all applicable laws and regulations; and that you accept these terms.
You acknowledge that you are solely responsible for the content of your submissions, and you agree to indemnify and hold CornerBarPR, our contributors, patrons, information providers, partners, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, employees, advertisers, sponsors, and other persons or entities, and their successors and assigns, harmless with respect to any claims and expenses, including what are likely to be exorbitant attorneys' fees, based upon the content of or transmission of your submission(s). You accept full responsibility for any and all liability arising from your knowing or unknowing violation or infringement of copyrights or property rights and for any libelous or illegal material.
You grant CornerBarPR the perpetual, irrevocable, fully sublicensable, worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license to use, distribute, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, publicly perform, and publicly display all content you submit in any form, including exclusive first rights to publish, broadcast, and otherwise transmit or use solicited materials on CornerBarPR, and all rights to publish, broadcast, and otherwise transmit or use solicited materials in collections and in databases; otherwise, after first publication, broadcast, or transmittal to a mass audience, you and CornerBarPR shall jointly share the right to republish or rebroadcast or retransmit or reproduce or reuse these materials individually, or portions thereof, as often as, and in any manner and in any medium and in any format that, each of us chooses, including reproduction for the purposes of providing and promoting your services and those of CornerBarPR, and to incorporate such content into other works in any format or medium now known or later developed; without compensation to one another, except for credit each time a substantial portion of the material is used.
After first use by CornerBarPR, the submitter may publish, broadcast, transmit, reproduce, or use these individual materials by including the credit line, "[Published, Broadcast, etc.] with the permission of CornerBarPR, Inc." and submitting a copy of the finished work and details of its use to us.
After first use by CornerBarPR, the submitter of solicited materials may sell or re-sell these individual materials for publication, broadcast, transmittal, reproduction, or use by others, so long as the finished work includes the above credit line.
Published Materials
From time to time, CornerBarPRSM seeks to use materials that already have been published elsewhere. Such materials may be in the form of text, photographs, graphics, drawings, cartoons, audio, video, or any other medium of expression now known or later developed.
As the copyright holder, you grant CornerBarPR the perpetual, irrevocable, fully sublicensable, worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license to publish, broadcast, transmit, distribute, publicly display, and otherwise use materials submitted in response to our request, in any manner or medium or format, and as frequently as, we choose; and the right to prepare collections or compendiums or anthologies or accessible databases containing several or all of the materials submitted; and the right to store or archive all submitted materials; and the right to reproduce any or all submitted materials for the purposes of providing and promoting CornerBarPR, and to incorporate such content into other works in any format or medium now known or later developed.
CornerBarPR agrees to append the following notice to the work each time the complete work, or any recognizable portion, is published, broadcast, transmitted, distributed, publicly displayed, or otherwise used: "© [year] [name of copyright holder]. Used with permission. All rights reserved." CornerBarPR makes no claim of ownership or authorship or exclusivity of use of such previously published materials.
You certify that the published material is accurate and original work; that you own the material submitted; that the work does not infringe on the copyright, trademark, or other intellectual property, proprietary, personal, privacy, or any other rights worldwide of any person or entity; that the work contains nothing defamatory; and that the material complies with all applicable laws and regulations.
You accept full responsibility for any and all liability arising from your knowing or unknowing violation or infringement of copyrights or property rights and for any libelous or illegal material; and you agree to indemnify and hold CornerBarPR, our contributors, patrons, information providers, partners, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, employees, advertisers, sponsors, and other persons or entities, and their successors and assigns, harmless with respect to any claims and expenses, including attorney's fees, based upon the content of or transmission of your material(s).
Except as stated herein, you retain all rights to your original, copyrighted, previously published materials.
Pseudonyms
We allow regular contributors to use pseudonyms on CornerBarPR. That saves potential embarrassment for the children of bandits, porn stars, politicians, and PR practitioners, and has the additional advantage of encouraging candor.
Some of our columnists actually work for a living; we don't want biting, hard-hitting, direct, in-your-face opinion and commentary to be watered down because a contributor believes his humorless boss will go diving for the policy manual if one of his columns is discovered.
The choice is totally up to the author: the glory of a byline or the security of an assumed identity. We'll handle the email to maintain the ruse until the writer wants to come out of the closet.
If asked, we'll consider doing the same for unsolicited contributions. However, you have to provide pretty convincing identification and contact information, including your patient ID number, the name of the facility to which you've been committed, the signature of your attending psychiatrist, and the reason you want to use a fake name, before we'll consider posting your stuff under an alternate identity.
Anyway, the best rule is: Watch what you say. If someone shows up with a warrant or an enforceable subpoena, we'll fight like hell to maintain your privacy and our integrity. But lawyers are expensive, so it may be a brief fight.
Agreement with Policies
If you don't agree with these policies, don't submit your work to us. If you want to retain your copyright on unsolicited materials or other rights, don't submit your work to us. Because, if you submit something, it means you accept the policies stated in this section.
VERSION DATE: 05 January 2003
COPYRIGHT NOTICE
© 2001-2016 CornerBarPR.com®. All rights reserved.
CornerBarPR.com is a registered trademark of CornerBarPR, Inc.
CornerBarPR, the CornerBarPR logo, The after-hours meeting place for PR pros, The alternative meeting place for PR pros, The sassy source for PR pros are service marks or trademarks of CornerBarPR, Inc.
MediaClickz.com is a service mark of MediaClickz.com.
All rights reserved.
VERSION DATE: 05 September 2016
DIGITAL MILLENNIUM COPYRIGHT ACT
Overview
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 amended U.S. copyright law to limit liability for an infrastructure provider (or "service provider") for information residing, at direction of a user, on a system or network that the service provider controls. The controversial act basically enables anyone who purports to be the owner of copyrighted material to demand its removal from the Internet, without having to go to the trouble of seeking out a judge to obtain an injunction. Of course, if it's your copyright that's being violated, this is a good thing; however, the "guilty until proven innocent" presumption of the Act is an open invitation for abuse.
Notice of Infringements
In accordance with DMCA Section 512(c)(3)(A):
If you believe this Web site or any site linked to it infringes a copyright, please provide the following information in writing to the Agent to Receive Notices About Infringements:
A physical or electronic signature of the copyright owner or authorized agent;
Identification of the copyrighted work(s) claimed to have been infringed;
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of the infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material;
Information regarding how we may contact you (such as mailing address, telephone number, email address);
A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
A statement by you that the information in your notification is accurate, and, under penalty of perjury, that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.
DMCA Section 512(d)(3) requires similar information for notices requesting removal of links or other references to infringing materials.
Agent to Receive Notices About Infringements
Richard B. Barger
Vice President
CornerBarPR, Inc.
1156 Queen's Place
Kansas City, MO 64131-3264
816-472-7727
816-942-2242 F
Rich@CornerBarPR.com
What We Do if We Receive a Claim of Infringement
Under certain circumstances, we may have the obligation to take down your materials if we receive a claim of infringement. We may exercise additional correctional or disciplinary measures for repeated or flagrant misuse. This process includes recourses to make counter-claims and appeal.
If it comes to our attention that you are not the author of, and do not own the copyright of, material you post or make available on CornerBarPRSM, the information will be removed from our site and we will contact you to give you a chance to explain or rebut the accusation. Your account, if any, may be suspended, and your rights and privileges to post material on our site may be terminated. If you have paid us any subscription fees and we terminate your account, you will receive a pro rated refund.
Information About Copyright Laws
http://www.copyright.gov/
http://copyright.gov/help/faq/
Other Questions
All questions regarding this policy should be directed to the Agent to Receive Notices About Infringements.
VERSION DATE: 27 March 2003
EDITORIAL POLICY
Opinions, not news. Here at CornerBarPRSM, we believe in opinions, in ideas, in dialog, in discussions — preferably heated; at the very least, passionate. If we occasionally have to talk about news in order to further those discussions, we'll do our best to get it right, but we don't pretend to be journalists; this isn't a newsroom, it's a bar. We'd rather see the analysis and opinions and lessons learned, not a recitation of facts that can be gleaned from the Associated Press.
Disclaimer. We're sure there's a lawyer somewhere who's dying to tell us that we should say that the opinions expressed on the CornerBarPR Web site are solely those of the authors, and that those opinions may or may not reflect the opinions of CornerBarPR or our information providers, partners, advertisers, or sponsors, or of our owners or management or staff or their POSSLQs or PSSSLQs, or of other persons or entities, and that CornerBarPR takes no responsibility for the accuracy or fairness or intelligence of anything these parties say. And so, even though we don't think our patrons are idiots, there, we've said it.
Business relationships. We have clients and business relationships. So do our contributors. Some of our week-kneed industry brethren make a big deal of separating business relationships from editorial coverage and commentary. We make no such pretense of "journalistic integrity," although, if we remember this paragraph, we will disclose relationships where they exist. We expect our contributors to do the same.
While we're not going to go out of our way to take pot shots at these clients and information providers and partners and advertisers and sponsors and such, we can guarandamntee you that, if they screw up on a colossal scale, we'll write about it and we won't censor anything YOU may say about the matter.
Sponsor relationships. And while we'll try like hell to sell banners and advertising and listings and sponsorships and tie-ins and other services to our clients and information providers and partners and advertisers and sponsors and such, you can be dead certain that we won't shill for them at CornerBarPR, unless we clearly and shamelessly announce it. Those relationships won't buy, guarantee, or prompt favorable treatment from CornerBarPR. Hell, they won't guarantee ANY treatment, much less FAVORABLE treatment!
IAB standards. The Internet Advertising Bureau has some standards. Ads, sponsorships, and related links have to be labeled; ad "sections" and copy are to be graphically distinguishable from news "sections."
OUR standards. CornerBarPR has some different standards: We're perfectly happy for advertisers, sponsors, and such to try to trick you into reading their stuff through any devious means they choose. It's just that, if they do, they better bunker down for the ? uh ? feedback we suspect our patrons will visit upon them as a reward for using such tactics. Their choice; caveat emptor.
Now don't get too comfortable: CornerBarPR is going to try to sell you some stuff from time to time, too. But we won't let that influence the rest of what we do at CornerBarPR. We'll hold ourselves to the same standards any drink-pushing, volume-driven bar would.
Staff investment policy. Some organizations forbid staff members to invest in the organizations they cover. We encourage OUR staff members to invest in any damn thing they please. We'd like 'em all to be independently wealthy; then, they won't ask us for so much money. The same with our contributors. All we require is that everyone be forthcoming about the investments and relationships.
Full disclosure. As any fool could figure out by now, the key to our policy is full disclosure. If we ever fail to do this, it'll be because we inadvertently screwed up, not because we were trying to hide something.
That's pretty important.
Corrections. Although most of what appears on our site will be analysis and point-of-view and opinion and commentary, occasionally a fact may slip in. If we mess any of these up, let us know and provide us some simple way of verifying that you're right and we're wrong. If we find that you are right, we'll acknowledge and correct our errors publicly, and may punch your Bar Tab in our Media Snitch program.
VERSION DATE: 01 January 2002
LANGUAGE POLICY
We encourage you to openly and passionately express yourself at CornerBarPRSM. In fact, talk just like you would at your favorite pub with your favorite buds.
We only have two house rules.
1) Talk normally or as you do after throwing back a few. Language common after throwing back a few too many and a couple Jägermeisters is frowned upon and will be bleeped out of conversations and articles.
2) Drink responsibly, communicate responsibly; use a bit of judgment.
Cheers!
VERSION DATE: 16 April 2001
PRIVACY POLICY
Overview
We want you as a loyal patron, but we don't want your first-born. We don't give, lend, sell, or share personal information about our patrons with third parties; our motto is to keep our patrons all to ourselves.
What information do we collect about you?
Our place is open 24/7. You don't have to register or provide any personally identifiable information to enter our swinging doors and read anything that patrons have scratched into the tables or that we have posted on the wall. However, we require a bit of identification if you want to step into one of our back rooms. Basically, we don't collect any personally identifiable information about you except when you specifically and knowingly provide it.
Registration requirements. During our free registration process, CornerBarPR requires that you supply your name, email address, and various other dribble, most of which is non-personally identifiable. Web address, preferred content topics, industry information, and a few other details are optional. We may use this registration information to contact you from time to time, but we won't supply it to third parties without 1) your permission or 2) a court order.
Surveys and contests. On occasion, CornerBarPR collects personally identifiable information from patrons in connection with optional contests, surveys, or special offers. If we didn't have the information, we wouldn't be able to notify you if you win or humiliate you if you lose. Some of this information is associated with individual patron accounts and is used by CornerBarPR to improve your overall experience. Hey, you're getting a chance for a prize or somethin'; answer a few lousy questions, for goodness' sake.
Cookies. We collect 'em and we eat 'em, but, with one exception, we don't put 'em on your hard drive — at least not now.
Actually, cookies can give you a much better experience at CornerBarPR, so we may implement them in the future, but, if we do, we'll let you know. If and when we DO add a cookie jar, here's a key part of the policy we'll abide by:
Even though they are kept on YOUR computer, and not ours, we will NEVER save credit card information or the combination to your Social Security Lock Box in cookies.
IP addresses. Our system also automatically logs IP addresses assigned to our patrons' computers, but the addresses are not linked to individual customer accounts, nor are they used in any way to personally identify our patrons. However, we can and will use IP addresses to identify a user when we believe it is necessary to enforce compliance with our license agreements, rules, policies, or terms of service, or to protect our service, site, customers, or others, or because we've run out of ideas for combinations to our office safe.
Email addresses ("Send to a friend"). CornerBarPR offers a service that allows a reader to forward an article, feature, commentary, or other item from our site via email to someone else by clicking the appropriate link at the top of that item. Patrons must provide their own email address, as well as that of the recipient. The recipient sees your email address, because the message is, basically, from you. Internally, we use this information only in the case of transmission errors. Don't worry: We don't spam.
What do we do with the information we ask patrons for?
CornerBarPR uses any information voluntarily given by our patrons to make their experience more intoxicating. If we're bright enough, we may even use it to adjust, adapt, update, enhance, revise, refine, improve, or tailor our Web site. Someday.
Confirmations and notifications. We will occasionally contact you, typically by email. We send confirming emails upon your registration for various sections of CornerBarPR and various notifications of expiration of service and renewal information. We may also send you whiny messages, begging you to renew, send us money, or otherwise shill for us.
We notify you of new features, news about CornerBarPR and our services, changes in our service, technical issue updates, and major changes in our agreements, rules, policies, and disclaimers, the latest versions of which you always will be able to find in the Our Policies section of CornerBarPR. Visit the page from time to time, particularly when you're having trouble sleeping, to ensure you're aware of any changes we've made.
We insist on sending you this administrative drivel and subscription, renewal, and billing information; you cannot opt out of such confirmations and notifications.
Research. As seasoned communications practitioners, we believe in the symmetrical, two-way model of communication, so we may contact you via email or otherwise to conduct research or to ask your opinion of current and prospective services, or just because we're bored and want to visit.
Aggregated demographic data. From time to time, we'll share some of the aggregated demographic information you have voluntarily provided when registering for our products or services, completing our surveys, and such, with information providers, partners, advertisers, sponsors, or other persons or entities.
Personally identifiable information about you as an individual subscriber will not be provided to any third party ever — not even for a big pile of green dollar bills — unless you manage to piss someone off to the extent that they show up with the boys in blue and an enforceable subpoena or court order or something, or unless it's necessary to protect and defend our rights or property or to enforce our license agreements or policies.
Third-party promotions. We may occasionally contact you on behalf of our information providers, partners, advertisers, sponsors, or other persons or entities. You have the right to opt out of such contacts.
As we've said many times in these Policies, we will not share your email address or other personally identifiable information with these information providers, partners, advertisers, sponsors, or other persons or entities; they will not be able to contact you directly as the result of any personally identifiable information you have provided when registering for one of our products or services, completing our surveys, etc.
Third-party links. If you click on a link to the external Web site of any of these information providers, partners, advertisers, sponsors, or other persons or entities, be sure to review THEIR privacy statement before sharing personal information.
We are responsible for OUR policies and content, but not for THEIRS. These other sites may send their own cookies to users, collect data, or solicit personal information; whatever they do is beyond our control, and we cannot guarantee the security of the information these third parties collect.
Statistical analysis. On a slow night, CornerBarPR may perform statistical analyses of user behavior in order to measure interest in the various areas of our bar. We use data about patron behavior to tailor our visitors' experiences at our site, showing them content that we think they might be interested in and displaying the content according to their preferences.
Some of this information is shared with key information providers, partners, advertisers, sponsors, or other persons or entities on an aggregate basis, so they can do the same. Again, personally identifiable information about you as an individual subscriber will not be provided to any third party. Ever. (Except for that subpoena thing.)
Advertisers and sponsors. CornerBarPR uses demographic and preference information to allow our bar's key information providers, partners, advertisers, sponsors, or other persons or entities to be in tune, and, theoretically, to give you a better experience. We will disclose information to third parties only in aggregated form. Personally identifiable information about you as an individual subscriber will not be provided to any third party, ever. (Starting to hear an echo here?)
We think these folks are pretty good and pretty reputable, but we're not responsible for what they say in their ads or copy, nor for any transaction you enter into with any of them. They're them and we're us; if you have a problem dealing with them, take it up with THEM and not with US.
How do you protect this information?
Data security. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to protect the information we collect on line.
Passwords and procedures. We require passwords and sign-up data, and we have pretty detailed written policies and procedures that — and, although we know this is a long shot, we're going to give it a try anyway — we ask you to familiarize yourself with. One of these written policies covers your responsibility to protect your password and to do your best to prevent unauthorized use restricted areas of CornerBarPR. If you follow our policies and procedures and otherwise do your part, it'll help keep your private information — and our site — secure.
Opting out, corrections, cancellation
It should be obvious that, because of their nature, a couple of our products and services won't operate unless you provide certain personally identifiable information. There's nothing we can do to change this. If you don't want to provide the required information, you simply don't use those portions of CornerBarPR; the rest of our bar is fully open to serve you.
It is your obligation to notify CornerBarPR promptly of all changes in the email addresses and other identifying and contact information you have provided us. We will a) correct personal information that you tell us has changed; b) permit you to "opt out" of certain email contact; or c) grab any personal information you've sent us and toss it into our dustbin, thereby canceling your registration. To correct or update personal information, visit Member Profile; to request other corrections or cancellation, send email to Info@CornerBarPR.com.
If you think we haven't adhered to this Privacy Policy, or if you have questions about the Policy, contact us by email at Privacy@CornerBarPR.com or call us (our phones are answered weekdays, 9:00 a.m. until 6:00 p.m., Central time) at 816-472-7727 or 866-272-2777 (toll-free).
VERSION DATE: 17 December 2003