https://www.rattle.com/info/privacy/
Our Policy
Welcome to Rattle.com (the “website,” “service” or “we”). At Rattle, we obviously appreciate your readership and value your personal privacy. We wouldn’t be here if it wasn’t for you. We respect the personal nature of the information you provide us and acknowledge the importance of protecting this information. In adopting this Privacy Policy, our intent is to balance our legitimate business interests as a nonprofit organization in collecting and using your personal information with your reasonable expectations of privacy.
Traffic Data
When you visit Rattle, our systems collect basic information about your computer, including Internet Protocol Address, operating system, browser software, and Internet Service Provider. We also collect information about what you view on the website. This information reflects our readership as a whole and is used to help us better understand and best serve the Rattle community.
Use of Cookies
The website only uses cookies when visitors leave comments or share posts on social media. We include a count of how many times a poem has been shared on social media to maintain our Top Poems list, and help readers identify the poems they might be most interested in reading. For this reason, we feel that tracking and listing the number of shares each poem receives on social media serves your legitimate interests as readers of poetry.
Email and Physical Mail
After subscribing, purchasing issues, or submitting work to Rattle, users will receive email news and other occasional announcements from Rattle relating to deadlines and special calls for submissions. We will also remind subscribers by email when their subscriptions lapse. Occasionally, we will send these reminders by physical mail as well. All of our content is user-driven, so it’s important to keep users informed about what kind of work we’re looking for in the future. Sending information about upcoming publishing opportunities and subscription status serves your legitimate interests, as well as our own as a literary nonprofit. In order to distribute our email and physical mail, we collect email addresses and other contact information from those who submit, subscribe, or purchase content. Other than what is necessary to fulfill your subscription and purchase orders, we do not share any contact information, including email addresses, with other individuals, companies, or partners. Users can unsubscribe from receiving emails from Rattle at any time.
Comment Forums
Rattle may make comment forums available to its users beneath certain posts. Please remember that any information disclosed in these areas becomes publicly available, and therefore you should exercise caution when disclosing personal information.
Linking to Other Sites
The website may contain links to websites operated and maintained by third parties, over which we have no control. Privacy policies on such linked sites may be different from our privacy policy. You access such linked sites at your own risk. You should always read the privacy policy of a linked site before disclosing any personal information on such websites.
Children’s Guidelines
Protecting the rights of children is important to us. We do not collect or maintain any information from individuals we know to be under 13 years old, and no part of the website is intended to attract anyone under 13 years old.
Unsubscribe, Data Removal, and Data Modification
Rattle allows users to opt-out of receiving communications from us and to modify or remove their information from our system. The following options are available to do so:
Send email to:
Send mail to:
Rattle
12411 Ventura Blvd
Studio City, CA 91604
Other Disclosure of Personal Information
Rattle will not use or disclose your personal information without your consent, except (i) as described in this Privacy Policy or (ii) as required by law, court order or as requested by other government or law enforcement authority. This Privacy Policy does not protect information you post to any comment forum within the website.
Contacting Rattle
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of the website or your dealings with the website, you can contact:
Send email to:
Send mail to:
Rattle
12411 Ventura Blvd
Studio City, CA 91604
Policy Changes
Rattle reserves the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time without notice, and only the current Privacy Policy may be deemed effective. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy in whole or in part, we will inform you by posting a notice on the website. Those changes will go into effect on the date posted in the notice. The new Privacy Policy will apply to all current and past users of the website and will replace any prior policies that are inconsistent.
Last Updated: May 24, 2018
10
SHARES
FacebookTwitterSubscribe
Receive a new poem in your inbox every morning—free! Enter your email address:
Delivered by FeedBurner