https://www.wagner-tuba.com/terms-privacy/
Terms Of Use Of www.wagner-tuba.com
The terms as set out below apply to all interaction with and usage of the website wagner-tuba.com and the information it contains/provides:
This website provides general information which is for reference only and may be subject to change without prior notice. No warranty or guarantee is given regarding the performance, accuracy or suitability of any information provided including information or materials offered via third party links. All users acknowledge that information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors, for which the website owners, management team and contributors carry no liability or responsibility. If you use any of the information or materials provided in this website you acknowledge that you do so entirely at your own, sole risk and the responsibility for any consequences of such lie entirely with you. Any unauthorised use of this website or the information it provides may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be deemed a criminal offence. Within the information provided this website there may be links to other websites. Quoting these links does not constitute this website’s endorsement of them or their content. Such links to other websites are quoted purely to afford further information and this website (wagner-tuba.com), its owners, management team and contributors carry no responsibility for any of the content provided in such websites. Your use of this website is subject to the laws of England & Wales.
Citing Information: Website created in 2001. All rights reserved.
Articles author (other than History & News sections): Stephen Caudel
Wagner Tuba History section: Essays written by Reverend Gregory Thompson, B.A., based on a series of articles by William Melton. Published with author permission. Additional History section content and updates: Shelagh Caudle
News Section author: Shelagh Caudle
Your Privacy
Cookies
This website uses traffic log cookies (Google Analytics). This helps the site owners and management team to identify the content being used and to analyse web page traffic for the purpose of improving the website to better suit users’ needs. Any information gathered via Google Analytics is used for statistical analysis purposes only.
Cookies allow a variety of web applications to respond to you as an individual. In addition to Google Analytics as referred to above, you should be aware that other web applications to whom we may provide links (eg. Facebook, Google+, YouTube, Pinterest etc) may use cookies when you view/use their content. Doing so allows them to tailor their operations to your needs, your likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences. We have no control over and carry no liability for other web applications and their use of cookies. If after visiting wagner-tuba.com you use a web application of the type described, or indeed any other website, you do so entirely at your own volition and risk.
It is important to be clear that a cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies but if you wish to decline them you should be able to make the modification in your browser settings. The Help section of the toolbar in the majority of browsers will give you options about cookie settings – eg. how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to set the browser to notify you when you receive a new cookie and how to disable cookies altogether if you prefer. For more detailed information about cookies please visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org
Other Personal Information
Regarding any personal information that you give in communications with this website and its management, we will not sell, distribute or lease any such information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. In accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 and General Data Protection Regulation of 2018, we have in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard any such personal information.
Share on Facebook
Share
Share on Pinterest
Pin it
Share on TwitterTweet
Send To Devices
Send
English