https://www.jimmybrunelle.com/privacy/
Home
About & Contact
Buy Xtra Shows
FAQ
Good News
Memorabilia
Privacy
Travels
Privacy Policy
Personal & Credit Card
Information Billing, shipping, and
licensee information is collected by either Selz.com
or Paypal (depending on your choice of payment
processor) with secure, encrypted SSL pages. Credit
card numbers are not seen, retained on file, or
stored by jimmybrunelle.com. Shipping information
Paypal is sent via email to
the customer and Jimmy Brunelle Play Company for
notification and confirmation purposes. Credit card
numbers are never sent by email to anyone, including
the customer and Jimmy Brunelle Play Company.
All personal information (name, billing info,
shipping info, email address)  is kept private.
It is stored in a private database for accounting
purposes only. Email addresses are collected only for
contact and script delivery purposes, in case of a
problem processing your order, or for inquiries about
a show the author might be able to attend (these
inquiries are done only by
email).Cookies
Cookies are used by Paypal to process
payments. All information is kept private and
secure.Show Information
Show dates (if known at time of purchase) &
place information are collected for purposes of
accounting or possible attendance by the author. It
is not mandatory to share this
information."Shows
I've Seen" This page is a diary of the
author's travels to see productions of these plays.
The names of the schools, cities, states, and
countries are mentioned, as well as names of players
and directors that are listed in the public program
given to the audience. All photos are published with
the permission of the school or
theater.
Scripts Travelogue Page
This page is a list of places my plays have traveled to and been staged.
Only names of theaters, schools, cities and countries are listed here. No personal names or street addresses
of customers are listed.
Play History
The author, Jimmy Brunelle, reserves the right to
publish the name of the school(s) or theater(s) that
first produce a specific play. This is listed under
"Production History" on the title page of each copy
of the script and on the web page of the play.
* One-act Plays For Kids and Teens *