http://www.kxly.com/privacy-policy/
SectionsNews
Weather
Sports
Obits
More
Home
About Us
Jobs with KXLY
Meet the Team
Mobile Apps
920 News Now
Radio Stations
Contact 4 News Now
Survey
Email Sign Up
News
Her Recession
Shop Local
Coronavirus
Back to School
Local News
#4ThePeople
4 News Now Q&A
Election Results
Fire Watch
Northwest News
Nation/World
Money
Politics
News Links
Weather
Severe Weather
Radar
7-Day Forecast
School Closures
Coats 4 Kids
Sports
Seahawks
Mariners
Chiefs
Spokane Indians
Cougars
Zags
Eagles
Vandals
Pirates
Huskies
High School
Shining Stars
Scoreboard
Hoopfest
Entertainment
TV Shows
Contests
Events
Lifestyle
Holidays
Family
Pets and Animals
Health
Features
Superheroes 4 Kids
Extreme Team
Made in the Northwest
Wednesday’s Child
In Their Shoes
Spotlight Spokane
Air 4 Adventures
Obituaries
Watch
ExtrasContests
Newsletters
Apps
Watch NowWatch Now
Privacy Policy
Welcome to our website, KXLY.com. Evening Telegram Company d/b/a Morgan Murphy Media, on behalf of itself and its subsidiaries, (“MMM”), operator of this website (“Website”), respects your privacy and takes it very seriously. This statement is provided to help you learn about our privacy policy and to help you understand what information we gather and what we do with that information. For purposes of this privacy policy, “we” or “our” applies to MMM and to the products, services and websites offered by MMM and/or its subsidiaries. This privacy policy does not cover the information practices of companies collecting data on our site or Web sites linked to our site. Supplemental information in our California privacy notices appears here.
Categories of Information We Collect
In connection with your use of our sites, we collect two types of information about you: “Anonymous information” and “personal information.” This is information that either 1) you provide to us, 2) we collect automatically when you use our services or 3) is provided by other sources.
Information that you provide
MMM collects the following personal information that you provide:
Information you post in registration for services, such as through membership registrations, completion of application forms, participation in online surveys, making online information requests, opting in to receive communications or for contest entries, we may ask you to provide identifying information such as your name, email address, street address or information about demographics and preferences.
Information you post via MMM’s services, such as your comments, user names, status updates, and other content.
Correspondence, such as emails, calls, texts, comments, suggestions and other correspondence that you send us.
Your payment information, including name, address and credit card information.
Information that you provide about other people.
Information that you provide to us in person and offline, such as when you visit our offices or provide contest entries.
Information Collected Automatically Through Technologies
MMM and its service providers operating on MMM’s behalf, collect anonymous information, which refers to information that we cannot link to a specific person. This information includes your IP address (the number assigned by your internet service provider on a session-by-session basis to identify your computer so that the web pages you request can be sent to you), referral data (such as the address of the last URL you visited prior to clicking through to one of our sites), geolocation data (such as IP addresses and information on mobile devices) and browser and platform type (such as a browser on a Mac platform). We use this anonymous information to tailor our sites to the needs and interests of our visitors and to improve our site by making it more responsive to those needs and interests.
The Website also uses “cookies,” which are small files that are sent to your device when you visit the Website. Device-based tracking technologies are used to deliver services, customized content and advertising to you.
Please be advised that any personally identifiable information you provide (for example, by posting on the message boards or in open forums or chat rooms that we make available) can be viewed by all visitors to the site. Do not post any information that you do not want viewed by other users, and please contact us at Privacy@embtv.com if you want to remove any personally identifiable information about yourself that has been posted by you or another. The information collected allows for proper function of our services and for the delivery of customized content and advertising to you.
Information Obtained from Other Sources
We collect information about you from other sources, including publicly available data and third parties that may are authorized to share your personal information. The categories of information collected include:
your name, email address, telephone number, street address
information about demographics (age, gender and income level) and preferences to allow for customized content and advertising.
activity and usage information relating to interests, purchases, navigation data and advertising
information collected through interactive applications, from advertisers and from commercially available sources
publicly posted data such as via online postings or videos.
payment information, including name, address and credit card information.
employment-related data and
account and third-party data such as via social networking or blogging services.
Purposes for Use of Personal Information That We Collect
Personal information collected is used for the purposes described in this privacy policy, including the following:
To make certain services available to you by verifying your identity and remembering account settings.
For contacting you using information that you provide about yourself while using the MMM Services.
For billing and accounting purposes.
To compile geographical statistical information and/or to learn how many users are visiting the Website.
To recognize your browser, as well as to store certain user preferences, user passwords and other information.
To monitor and improve our services, to help diagnose problems with our Website and networks.
For reporting and profiling purposes.
To validate your entries into contests or sweepstakes.
To gather anonymous browsing habits of our visitors to better identify content preferences, such as to recommend tailored content or customized advertising and to track performance of advertising.
You may use your browser to refuse cookies, but some features or services of our Website may not function properly without cookies. Moreover, any personally identifiable information you provide as User Content (i.e. content that you provide to the Website) may be available for viewing by the public, including other Members. We also passively collect all user IP addresses, whether or not the user becomes a Member.
How Personal Information May Be Shared
We may share information collected about you as disclosed in this privacy and in the following circumstances, where permitted by law and with appropriate consent where required:
with affiliated companies under common ownership;
as part of substantial corporate transactions;
with law enforcement, government agencies, courts and other governmental authorities, to comply with legal obligations;
to authorized vendor service providers;
as part of audience measurement services to help us better understand our audience;
with companies that evaluate video viewing, such as advertising companies, analytics companies and social networking sites;
with other persons or entities such as third-party marketing and advertising partners, subject to the privacy policies of those third parties.
Third-Party Websites and Services
This site contains links to other sites and provides third parties with access. Third-party affiliates also may collect information about your use of the site. For example, some affiliates may provide relevant targeted advertising — for example by using cookies in advertising that they display on our Websites. We neither collect those cookies nor have access to this information; however, this site may supplement the information that you provide with information that is received from third parties – for example, from our partners in sponsored content sections. Other sites may collect information about your use of the site to facilitate social networking or other web services. This privacy policy does not cover such data collection, and we do not control the privacy policies of our advertisers, sponsors or other sites or businesses to which we provide hyperlinks or access. To learn or more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising for some companies, you can visit http://www.networkadvertising.org and http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.
Occasionally when linking, you may still see our site’s logo or frame, which provides you with a seamless experience when visiting our Website. In these cases, you are no longer on our Website and are now on a different website whose information collection practices may differ from ours. The privacy policy of the site you are on will govern how information collected from you is used. Contact information will be used to notify contest winners and award prizes and in some instances may be shared with the contest or survey sponsor. User demographic information is shared with advertisers on an aggregate basis in a manner that will not personally identify the individual submitting such information.
In all other respects, we will not sell or otherwise provide access to any of our visitors’ personally identifiable information to any third party under any circumstances, unless (1) you consent to our doing so; (2) we need to share your information to provide the product or service you have requested; (3) to enforce compliance with our Terms of Use; or (4) we must respond to a lawful subpoena, court order or other legal process.
If MMM becomes involved in a merger, acquisition, or any form of sale of any or all of its assets, we will provide notice before personal information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
We may edit this policy from time to time. If we make any substantial changes to it, we will endeavor to notify you by posting a prominent announcement on our pages. If, however, we are going to use users’ personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection we will notify our users via email or by posting a notice on the site for 30 days.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY POLICY
Our Website is a general audience web site that complies with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act.
Information Collection and Use
As described above, we collect personally identifiable information from all users including, but not limited to, the information described above. MMM’s Terms of Use Agreement prohibits users under 13 from using the Website and/or becoming a Member.
Personally identifiable information is collected and used in the manner described above.
Ability to Update or Delete Information
If we become aware that any user under 13 has provided us with personally identifiable information, we will delete the member account and any associated information provided. Parents or others who become aware that information has been collected on one of our sites from a child under 13 should contact and inform us at Privacy@embtv.com and we will delete the information in which such information was collected.
Popular Articles
Spokane student's senior photo posing with American flag rejected from school yearbookWA Democrats: Bomb threat at Spokane office was politically motivatedNorthern lights: Aurora may be visible from Washington soonWhite House Task Force Report: Idaho has highest COVID positivity rate in the countryPolice find no explosive at Spokane Co. Democrats office, despite earlier bomb threat
Latest News
Ten more COVID-19 deaths linked to outbreaks at Grant Co. long-term care facilitiesDr. Bob Lutz accepts position on State Dept. of Health's COVID response teamNearly 50-percent of Airway Heights Corrections Center inmates infected with COVID-19Her Recession: Local small business owner balances struggling store with kids learning at homeSnow on the way for Friday morning - MarkDriver killed in crash near Airway HeightsChipotle opens new location in North SpokaneWSU discusses arrival testing, new grading options in last COVID town hall of the yearData shows COVID-19 is now leading cause of death in Idaho3 arrested for 'jumping' woman in Hillyard, police say
Close
Share
Toggle Fullscreen
Zoom in/out
Previous
Next