http://www.typotheque.com/terms
Home
Fonts
Font Collection
Webfonts
Fonts in Use
Testing Fonts
Font Combinator
Custom fonts
Licensing
Licensing Options
Multiple-User Licence
Corporate licence
EULA
Font Licensing for Apps & eBooks
Price Calculator
Products
Books
Posters
T-shirts
Articles
Essays
Interviews
Reviews
Tutorials
Typeface stories
Authors
Studio
Studio Work
About Typotheque
Dance Writer
Contact Address
Press
Help
Blog
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share via Email
Terms and Conditions
Acceptance of Terms
Typotheque VOF makes available for your use on this web site (the “Site”) software, information, documents and products (collectively, the “Materials”) and various services operated by Typotheque VOF
(collectively, the “Services”), subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this document (the “Terms of Use”).
By accessing or using this Site, you agree to the Terms of Use. Typotheque VOF reserves the right to change the Terms of Use from time to time at its sole discretion. Your use of the Site will be subject to the most current version of the Terms of Use posted on the Site at the time of such use. In addition, when using particular Services or Materials on this Site, you shall be subject to any posted guidelines or rules applicable to such Services or Materials that may contain terms and conditions in addition to those in the Terms of Use. All such guidelines or rules are hereby incorporated by reference into the Terms of Use. If you breach any of the Terms of Use, your authorization to use this Site automatically terminates and you must immediately destroy any Materials downloaded or printed from the Site.
By accessing this site you acknowledge and agree that the information and products are provided ‘as is’. Typotheque VOF does not accept any responsibility or liability for technical or any other inaccuracies, mistakes or errors or any financial, indirect, incidental or consequential damages resulting from the use of this site.
Copyright
This Site is produced and maintained by Typotheque VOF. All information and products presented, i.e. texts, images, downloads, software, et cetera, are protected by intellectual property and proprietary rights.
By accessing this site in any way you acknowledge and agree not to infringe any copyright of Typotheque VOF, i.e. not to copy, republish, download, transmit, adapt or modify any portions of this site, except as expressly authorized herein.
Downloaded Products
Fonts after downloading are not returnable or refundable. Fonts may be returned or exchanged only if they are defective and we are notified within 7 days of the order. If there is a problem with your order, let us know within 24 hours of purchase, and we will attempt to remedy the situation. Please refer to the Typotheque VOF Return Policy.
Use of the Site
Except as otherwise indicated elsewhere on this Site, you may view, download and print the documents and information available on this Site subject to the following conditions:
The documents and information may be used solely for personal, informational, internal, non-commercial purposes.
The documents and information may not be modified or altered in any way.
The documents and information on the Site may not be distributed or published.
You may not remove any copyright or other proprietary notices contained in the documents, information or products.
Typotheque VOF reserves the right to revoke the authorization to view, download and print the documents and information available on this Site at any time, and any such use shall be discontinued immediately upon written notice from Typotheque VOF.
The rights granted to you constitute a licence and not a transfer of title.
The rights specified above to view, download and print the documents and information available on this Site are not applicable to the design or layout of this Site. Elements of this Site are protected by trade dress and other laws and may not be copied or imitated in whole or in part.
Personal Information and Privacy
To learn about how Typotheque VOF protects your personal information, such as your name and address, refer to the Typotheque VOF Privacy Policy.
Trademark Information
The trademarks, logos and service marks displayed on this Site are the property of Typotheque VOF or other third parties. You are not permitted to use the marks without the prior written consent of Typotheque VOF or such third party which may own the Marks. Typotheque and the Typotheque logo are trademarks of Typotheque VOF.
Warranties and Disclaimers
The information contained in this website is for general information purposes only. The information is provided by Typotheque VOF and whilst we endeavour to keep the information up-to-date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the website for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk.
In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of, or in connection with, the use of this website.
Through this website you are able to link to other websites which are not under the control of Typotheque VOF. We have no control over the nature, content and availability of those sites. The inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within them.
Every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly. However, Typotheque VOF takes no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
This Site (excluding linked sites) is controlled by Typotheque VOF from its offices in the Netherlands. By accessing this Site, you and Typotheque VOF agree that all matters relating to your access to, or use of, this Site shall be governed by the statutes and laws of the Netherlands, without regard to the conflicts of laws principles thereof. The Typotheque Type Foundry makes no representation that Materials or Services available on this Site are appropriate or available for use in other locations, and accessing them from territories where their contents are illegal is prohibited. Those who choose to access this Site from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws.
Typotheque VOF. All rights reserved.
Tags
copyright
legal
personal information
privacy
trademark
Related Pages
Return Policy
Credits
Privacy Policy
Contact address
Join mailing list and get €20 off any font
Twitter
Facebook
Vimeo
Instagram
RSS feed
Quick Links
Contact
Price Calculator
Fonts in Use
Custom Type
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Other Typotheque Sites
TPTQ-Arabic.com
Works That Work
Typotheque © 1999 – 2020
All Rights Reserved