http://www.kmozart.com/about/privacy/
Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
This statement informs you of Mt. Wilson's practices with respect to the online collection, use, and disclosure of personal information on the Mt. Wilson website. Personal information is information that allows us to contact you (such as an email address, home address, or telephone number) or other information that, when linked to your name or contact information, allows us to personalize your visit to our site by providing you with information that suits your interests.
Mt. Wilson is the owner of this website and retains all ownership rights to the information collected at this site. Mt. Wilson reserves the right to change, modify, add, or remove provisions of this Privacy Statement. Any changes to this Privacy Statement will be posted here, and we encourage you to check back from time to time.
Personalization
Although you may use many features of this site without completing a registration or sign-up form, visitors who do register and/or sign up for special services may have access to additional features of the site and are more likely to receive information suited to their interests. For example, a registered user is eligible for additional services provided by this website such as personalized content. Our registration and special services sign-up forms may ask you for contact information (like name or email address) and demographic information (like zip code or age). You must provide the information in order to receive the benefits of registration or of the special service.
We may use the contact information you give us to better tailor your website experience to your interests, to request your opinions with respect to media and entertainment, and to send you information about Mt. Wilson and its services as well as promotional material on behalf of some of our partners. We may use information that you provide to us to inform you of content on the web, radio and other methods of content delivery, in which you may be interested and to provide or display the content according to your preferences.
In addition, we may share this information with advertisers or other third parties that are not part of Mt. Wilson on an aggregate or other basis that does not disclose your identity or contact information.
Online Surveys/Contests
From time to time, we may conduct online surveys. These ask you for contact information (like your name or email address) and demographic information (like your zip code or age). We may use this contact information from our surveys to provide you with information about our company and promotional material on behalf of some of our partners, and to contact you when necessary.
For all contests we offer, we require all entries to include your name, email, mailing address, and phone number.  This information is accessible by Triton Media, who built and oversees the Mt. Wilson rewards program on our website.
Additionally, from time to time, we offer opt-in contests run by third parties where you will be informed ahead of time that by entering a particular contest your information will be shared with the third party advertiser offering the contest.  If you elect to opt-in to such contests, we are not responsible for what the advertiser does with that your information.
Supplemental Information
To enhance Mt. Wilson's ability to tailor this site to your preferences, we may combine information that you provide us on registration and other online sign-up forms with other information about you that we may obtain. We do not share that information with any other party.
Shopping/Commercial Services
This Mt. Wilson site may offer shopping services, which may be offered by us or by a firm that operates a store under contract with us. If our site offers shopping or other commercial services, you will use a customer order form to request information, products, and services. The order form will ask you to give us contact information (like your name or email address), financial information (like your account or credit card numbers), and demographic information (like your zip code or age).
We will use the financial information that you provide to bill you for products and services. By giving our site your credit card and related personal information, you are authorizing our store to give that information to the merchant and credit card company in order to confirm and fulfill your order.
We will use contact information from the order form to fulfill your orders. We may also use contact data to get in touch with you when necessary. We will not otherwise use or distribute your financial information without your prior approval.
Public Forums
This site may make available chat rooms, forums, message boards, and news groups. Please remember that any information that you disclose in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Information Sharing With Third Parties
From time to time we may enter into a special relationship with another company that is not owned by Mt. Wilson to provide additional features on this site. These special relationships may include "powered by" partners, business partners, sponsors, and co-branded sites (referred to here as "co-branded pages"). You should look for a specific privacy statement on any such co-branded page. Any personal information that you provide when signing up at one of those co-branded pages may be shared with our third party partner. You should also check our partner's website for information regarding its privacy policies.
Also, the nature of some features of our site may require that we share personal information about you with persons or companies outside of Mt. Wilson. For example, this may occur at a feature that enables you, via our site, to ask questions of persons or entities that are not part of Mt. Wilson. By responding to those features of the site, whether by email or direct entry of information on our website, you are consenting to our transferring that information to such persons or entities.
With respect to specific registration modules, like contests, we may disclose personal information collected, and we will post a conspicuous statement on the registration module to the effect that we will be disclosing the information collected with third parties (see above section on online surveys/contests).
Finally, we may share any of the information collected from you with these other non-Mt. Wilson companies on an aggregate basis. The aggregated information is not linked to any information that can identify you.
IP Address and Log Files
We may use your IP address to administer our website, to help diagnose problems with our server, to analyze trends, to track users' webpage movements, to help identify you and your shopping cart, and to gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
Cookies
This Mt. Wilson site may use a standard technology called a "cookie" to collect information about how you use the site. Cookies reside on your computer and help our website to recognize your computer's browser as a previous visitor. This information allows us to customize delivery of information. For example, our site may use cookies to save and remember registration information or preferences that you may have set while browsing the site, to keep track of your shopping cart, to ensure you don't see the same ad content repeatedly, to deliver content specific to your interests, and to save your password so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit our site. We use cookies only to gather information as indicated in this policy.
In addition, on occasion our site may also set a "session cookie" which helps us administer the site. The session cookie expires when you close your browser and does not retain any information about you after it expires.
Finally, we may also use an ad network provider to help present advertisements on this and other Mt. Wilson websites. This ad network provider, like other advertising service vendors, uses cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies on the hard drive of your computer to serve you advertisements tailored to interests you have shown by browsing on this and other sites you have visited, and to determine whether you have seen a particular advertisement before and to avoid sending you duplicate advertisements. In doing so, the provider collects non-personal data such as your browser type, your operating system, Web pages visited, time of visits, content viewed, ads viewed, and other clickstream data. The use of cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies by these ad network providers is subject to their own privacy policies, not ours. If you do not want the benefits of these advertising cookies, you may opt-out by visiting http://www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp. However, if you do so you may not receive the full benefit from the use of our site.
Banner Advertising
We license ad-server software from another company to place banner advertising on our sites. All of the data provided and generated by the ad-server software remains in our possession and no data is transferred to the licensor of the software. This feature of our site may, on occasion, set "cookies" on your computer. Any information collected or stored by the ad-service or the cookies is treated in the same manner as other information as described in this statement.
Children's Personal Information
Consistent with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, we will never knowingly request personally identifying information from anyone under age 13 without prior verifiable parental consent. If we receive actual knowledge that a Mt. Wilson subscriber is under age 13, we will remove all personally identifying information about that person from our files.
Your Choices
This Mt. Wilson site provides you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving email communications from us and our special relationship partners. To opt-out of receiving email communications, you may:
• Modify your registered user information on our website; or
• Send an email to: info@kmozart.com (Please note that these emails should only be used for specific technical issues related to the website such as unsubscribing from a database. The recipients of these emails will not be able, in general, to answer concerns regarding on-air programming, promotions or other non-web related issues.)
Access to Personal Information
Mt. Wilson gives you the opportunity to modify or remove personal information that you have provided to us. You may do so by modifying your password-protected registered user information on our website.
Security of Your Personal Information
Mt. Wilson employs reasonable security measures consistent with standard industry practice for information collected through this website. We believe that we have adequate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of the information we collect on our website. We also use internal protections to limit access to users' personal information to only those employees who need the information to perform a specific job.
Legal Process
You should be aware that Mt. Wilson may be required to disclose your personal information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances, such as in court or regulatory proceedings.
Contacting the Website
If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, you can contact info@kmozart.com.  The recipients of these emails will not be able, in general, to answer concerns regarding on-air programming, promotions or other non-web related issues.
General Information
This Privacy Statement shall be governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of California, as it is applied to agreements entered into and to be performed entirely within such state, without regard to conflict of law principles. You agree that any cause of action you or Mt. Wilson brings in connection with any matters related to this Mt. Wilson website and/or the Privacy Statement, shall be brought only in either the state or Federal courts located in Los Angeles, California. You agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the courts of the State of California for any cause of action arising out of this Privacy Statement and/or any matter related to this Mt. Wilson website.
If any provision of this Privacy Statement, or the application thereof to any person or circumstances, is held invalid for any reason, including, but not limited to, the warranty disclaimers and liability limitations, then such provision shall be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that matches, as closely as possible, the original provision, and the other provisions of this Privacy Statement shall remain in full force and effect.
European Union and Other Foreign Nations
This Mt. Wilson website is governed by and operated in accordance with the laws of United States of America and is intended for enjoyment of residents of the United States. Mt. Wilson makes no representation that this website is governed by or operated in accordance with the laws of other nations. By using this site and submitting any personal information, visitors from outside of the United States acknowledge the this site is subject to U.S. law, consent to the transfer of personal data to the U.S., and waive any claims that may arise under their own national laws.
Copyright © 2020  ·  KMozart®  ·  KMZT®  ·  Mount Wilson FM Broadcasters, Inc.
Copyright Notice  |  eeo  |  Privacy Policy  |  Contest Rules  |  mail@kmzt.com  |  310.478.5540