http://www.linkism.com/privacy.htm
artists directory
Art
Directory Privacy Policy
::
home
:: search
:: webmasters
:: about
:: suggest
a site ::
Linkism
Art Directory
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide
this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices
you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To
make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and
at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information
We Collect:
This notice applies
to all information collected or submitted on the Linkism Art Directory
website.
The Way We Use
Information:
We use the information
you provide about yourself when submitting websites or requesting information
only to fulfill your request and review your website for listing in
the directory. We do not share this information with outside parties.
We use return email
addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used
for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
We use non-identifying
and aggregate information to better design our website and to share
with advertisers. For example, we may tell an advertiser that X number
of individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that Y number
of men and Z number of women filled out our registration form, but we
would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.
We use third-party
advertising companies like Google Adsense to serve ads when you visit
the Linkism Art Directory. These companies may use information (not
including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about
your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements
about goods and services of interest to you.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information
provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above
without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit
such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment
To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized
access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information,
we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial
procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Log Files
As is true of most
Web sites, we gather certain information automatically and store it
in log files. This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses,
browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages,
operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data.
We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to
analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users’ movements
around the site and to gather demographic information about our user
base as a whole.
Links to Other
Sites
This Web site contains
links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by Linkism Art
Directory. Please be aware that we, Linkism.com, are not responsible
for the privacy practices of such other sites.
We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the
privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally
identifiable information.
This privacy statement applies only to information collected by this
Web site.
Our Commitment To Children's Privacy:
Protecting the privacy
of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never
collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually
know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract
anyone under 13.
How You Can Access
Or Correct Your Information
You can access all
your personally identifiable information that we collect online and
maintain by contacting us with your request at the
email address here.
We use this procedure
to better safeguard your information.
You can correct
factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending
us a request that credibly shows error.
To protect your
privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your
identity before granting access or making corrections.
Changes to this
Privacy Policy
If we decide to
change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy
statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so that
you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under
what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so
please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy,
we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home
page.
How To Contact
Us
Should you have
other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please use
the
email address here on our contact page.
Linkism Art Directory>
How we value your Privacy
Popular
Categories: Abstract
Painters - Contemporary
Painters - Expressionist
Painters - Impressionist
Painters - Naive
Painters
Outsider
Artists - Pop
Artists - Realist
Painters - Surrealist
Painters
Linkism
Artists Directory
Contact
- About
Us
-
Fine Art Galleries
- Webmasters
- Add
URL - Link
to us
Copyright © Linkism Art Directory
Privacy Policy