http://www.tomtodoroff.com/policy
Home
Policy
Cancelation, Refund & Privacy Policy
INTENSIVES (U.S. and Abroad)
Newcomer Observer: Tuition is non-refundable. Are those who have not previously attended a TT Event and the Tuition is only $20 and no discount is given, unless we offer them a discount code which may happen in certain cities... we will offer the STUDENT code.
Observer Tuition:  Observers have attended a previous TT event.  Tuition is non-refundable.  Union Members worldwide receive a 20% discount on their Observation Tuition with code UNIONMEMBER in the coupon section at checkout.  Be prepared to present a copy of your current union member card upon arrival at the intensive.
Performer Tuition: Those who wish to perform must first submit an application.  Accepted Performers will receive an email with a link to enroll.  In the event of cancellation, please see the following:
Performers may receive a full tuition refund if the cancellation is made 31 or more days before the Intensive AND it is due to a paid, professional acting conflict (proof of this job may be required).
Performers may receive a tuition refund minus $100 if the cancellation is made 7 to 30 days before the Intensive AND it is due to a paid, professional acting conflict* (proof of this job may be required).
Performers will not be refunded if the cancellation is made 6 days or less before the Intensive date.
A paid professional acting conflict does not include 'background' or 'extra' work.
NYC STUDIO WEEKLY CLASS:
Tuition is non-refundable.  Enrolled actors may have their tuition credited to the very next class(es) they are able to attend within year if the cancellation is due to a paid, professional acting conflict*.  (Proof of this job may be required.)
A paid professional acting conflict does not include 'background' or 'extra' work.
NYC SUMMER INTENSIVE:
Cancellation & Refund Policy
Tuition is non-refundable.  Enrolled actors may have their tuition credited to any TT training program within one year if the cancellation is due to a paid, professional acting conflict*.  (Proof of this job may be required.)
A paid professional acting conflict does not include 'background' or 'extra' work.
CONSERVATORY:
Cancellation, refund and privacy policy terms for Conservatory tuition payments are outlined on the tuition agreement issued to accepted applicants.
PRIVACY POLICY:
We respect and are committed to protecting your privacy. We may collect Personally identifiable information when you visit our site. We also automatically Receive and record information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address, cookie information and the page(s) you visited. We will not sell your personally identifiable information to anyone
SECURITY POLICY
Your payment and personal information is always safe. Our Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software is the industry standard and among the best software Available today for secure commerce transactions. It encrypts all of your personal Information, including credit card number, name, and address, so that it cannot be read over the internet.
Online Order Return Policy
All purchases are as is and no refunds are given due to you purchasing time to a reserved event.
For more detailed information about classes, tuition or other concerns, we invite you to contact the Tom Todoroff Studio today by calling 212-362-8141, or by writing to us through our secure contact page.
© 2020 Tom Todoroff Studio. All rights reserved.
Contact Us
Program