http://www.sat7.org/privacy-policy
Watch live
Search
Sat7 Arabic
Sat7 PARS
Sat7 Kids
Sat7 Türk
Search
Search
Search
Search
Watch live
Sat7 Arabic
Sat7 PARS
Sat7 Kids
Sat7 Türk
INTRODUCTION
We are committed to protecting your privacy and will only use the information that we collect about you lawfully. This policy is intended to give you an understanding of how and why we use the information you provide to us with both online and otherwise.
Please read this policy carefully to understand how we will collect, use and store your data.  By using our website or providing us with your personal information you agree to it being used and stored in the manner set out in this policy. We may update this policy from time to time without notice to you, so please check it regularly.
OUR PRIVACY POLICY IN BRIEF
It’s important that you read the full policy to understand what information we hold, how we may use it, and what your rights are – but if you don’t have time to read it all now, here’s a quick summary:
We collect information that is personal data. Personal data is information that can be used to help identify an individual, such as name, address, phone number, email address, IP addresses or website pages accessed.
We collect information about everyone who engages with SAT-7. This could be supporters, subscribers, viewers, those who participate in our programmes or events, donors, volunteers, freelancers, employees or trustees.
We collect information from supporters and donors to provide services or goods, to provide information, to fundraise for our work, to resource our activities and fulfil our charitable objectives and for administration. This information may also be used for research and wealth screening, analysis, and for the prevention or detection of crime.
We collect information from viewers when they contact us to assist them with their enquiries, to resource our activities and fulfil our charitable objectives and for administration.
We only collect the information that we need or that you agree we can collect.
We do our best to keep personal information secure wherever we collect personal data online.
We never sell your data and we will never share it with another company or charity for their own purposes.
We only share data where we are required by law or with carefully selected service providers who carry out work for us. We recognise the importance of ensuring that all our service providers treat your data as carefully as we would, use it only as instructed, and allow us to check that they do this.
Our websites use cookies. For more information, please check our cookies policy.
These are the key points of the privacy policy. You will find the policy in full below.
This policy applies to all the websites we operate, our use of emails and postal mailings for marketing purposes, and any other methods we use for collecting information. It covers what we collect and why, what we do with the information, what we won’t do with the information, and what rights you have.
WHO ARE WE?
SAT-7 International was constituted as an interdenominational not-for-profit organisation at a meeting in Cyprus on 19 November 1995.
The organisation is legally registered in Cyprus as SAT-7 Media Services Ltd, a company limited by guarantee (Company no.HE 73903).
SAT-7 Media Services’s registered address is PO Box 26760, CY-1647, Nicosia, Cyprus.
SAT-7 International is also registered in Cyprus as a Trust and in the UK as a charity (SC036497)) and a company limited by guarantee (SC283078).
For further information about our privacy policy and data protection, please contact us by:
emailing dataprotection@sat7.org
writing to our Data Protection team at SAT-7’s registered address
calling us on +(357) 22 76 10 50
SAT-7 SUPPORTER PRIVACY POLICY
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU AND WHERE TO WE COLLECT IT FROM?
We will only ever collect the information we need – including data to help improve our services – or which you agree we can collect.
We collect personal data about you when you:
register to receive communications from us
request information, attend an event or make donations
use our website using cookies. (See separate Cookies Policy)
The personal data collected may include:
Your name
Your billing / postal address
Your telephone number(s)
Your email address
The church you attend
Financial information such as your bank or card details
Information you enter onto our website
Records of your correspondence with us
Details of your visit to our website, and interaction with our e-mail communications, including your IP address
You do not have to provide us with this information, but if you choose not to, then we may be unable to give you the information or service you request. For example, you do not have to tell us your telephone number, but it will help us to contact you quickly if we have a query. We receive and store your email address when you fill in one of our online forms and also if you subscribe to our emails or other e-publications we may offer.
By providing information about the church you attend, you agree to us holding and using information about your religious affiliation.
We do also receive information from other sources, for example: If we receive updated delivery and address information from our mail & delivery services we will then correct your records. We may also check data against public records e.g. deceased records in order to keep our database accurate and up to do date. We also receive information from public sources as part of our research and profiling activity as explained above.
HOW WILL WE USE THE INFORMATION ABOUT YOU?
We will process your data for the following reasons:
To fulfil your requests and continually improve your interaction with our website.
To deliver literature and other materials that you have requested from us.
To administer a donation from you.
For our own internal administrative purposes and to keep a record of your relationship with us;
To contact you by post, phone, e-mail and SMS for marketing purposes, to provide you with information about us, our fundraising campaigns, our events (including challenge events such as marathons), conferences, products and services, and any other information we think may be of interest to you.
To manage your communication preferences.
To carry out research to find out more information about our supporters’ backgrounds and interests.
To comply with applicable laws and regulations, and requests from statutory agencies.
Prevent or detect fraud or the misuse of our website.
Enable technical maintenance work to be carried out by specialists on our server systems.
We may also analyse and screen your personal information and create a profile of your interests and preferences.  This allows us to ensure communications are relevant and timely and provide an improved experience for our supporters.  It also helps us understand the background of our supporters so that we can make appropriate requests to those who may be willing and able to give more than they already do, enabling us to raise funds sooner and more cost-effectively.
When building such a profile we may make use of additional information about you, including geo-demographic information and measures of affluence. This information is taken from publicly available sources, for example from public registers, such as listed Directorships, typical earnings in a geographical area, information from the electoral roll, press reports and social media posts.  We may use third party suppliers to undertake these activities on our behalf and share your information with them to the extent required.
Whilst generally we will seek consent to process your data at the point we collect it, in some cases we may process data without consent where it is within our legitimate interests to do so (e.g. to process a donation you have made), provided that we respect your legal rights.
We will never sell or share your data with third parties for their own marketing purposes. We will not share your information with other individuals or organisations outside the SAT-7 International family. Within the SAT-7 International Family we will only share data to give you the best and most relevant experience.
We may allow our staff, consultants and/or external providers acting on our behalf to access and use your information for the purposes for which you have provided it to us (e.g. to deliver mailings, to analyse data and to process payments).  We only provide them with the information they need to deliver the relevant service, and we make sure your information is treated with the same level of care as if we were handling it directly.
Our website contains links to other websites. This privacy policy only applies to this website. When you link to other websites you should read their own privacy policies.
WHAT IS OUR LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING DATA?
We rely on a variety of legal bases for processing data depending on the purpose of the activity being undertaken.
We use a contractual basis for processing data relating to subscriptions, purchases and events you have booked.
We rely on legitimate interests for a variety of purposes. Legitimate interest is about balancing the interests of SAT-7 against your rights and freedoms and having due regard to your reasonable expectations about the use of your data. These purposes include:
mailing you information about related resources and events that you might be interested in, given your previous purchases
mailing other information about SAT-7 such as our Annual Report
thanking (either by mail or telephone) those of you who have made a financial gift
research and wealth screening activity to better tailor any financial requests we make of you so that they reflect your specific interests in SAT-7’s mission and are at an appropriate financial level
We also rely on the legitimate interests legal basis to share with you the fundraising needs of the charity and to ask for your support, given your engagement with SAT-7’s resources, events and programmes, provided that we have also previously obtained any additional consents required to send this information to you in particular formats. For example, we will not send fundraising information or requests to you by email or other electronic means or via automated telephone calls where you have not opted in to these formats beforehand. You can let us know at any time if you would prefer not to receive these communications.
We use your consent for all the email newsletters delivered by us. Every email newsletter you receive provides a clear opportunity for you to opt out of/unsubscribe from future email newsletters.
We use compliance with a legal obligation as the basis for processing any legally required activities.
WHO HAS ACCESS TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION FOR PROCESSING DATA AND HOW DO WE KEEP IT SAFE?
HOW DO WE PROTECT THE SECURITY OF THE INFORMATION YOU INPUT?
All your information will be transmitted securely. Our whole website is protected by a security certificate. We use PayPal to process all donations – a service that handles millions of pounds’ worth of donations every month globally. The transfer of the purchase details from the retailers site to PayPal are encapsulated using their own encrypted and digitally-signed protocol. This uses a combination of standard methods such as PGP, RSA and MD5 to ensure that the information passed is secure and tamper-proof.
The information we collect from you may be transferred to and processed and/or stored at a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”), including the U.S. If we send your personal data outside the EEA we will take reasonable steps to ensure that the recipient implements appropriate measures to protect your information.  By submitting your details, you agree to this use of your data.
How Do We Protect The Confidentiality Of Your Information?
The confidentiality of your information is safeguarded by:
Protecting data from improper use such as unlawful access, changes or destruction and accidental loss
Ensuring that all our employees respect the confidentiality of our site visitors’ personal data
Occasionally requesting proof of identity before we disclose personal information to you
HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR DATA FOR?
We will keep your personal data for no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which it is processed, in accordance with our internal data protection policy.
If you request to receive no further contact from us, we will keep some basic information about you on our suppression list in order to avoid sending you unwanted materials in the future.
WHAT ARE YOUR RIGHTS
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. If you would like a copy of some or all of your personal information, please contact us. We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. You may ask us to correct or remove information you think is inaccurate.
You can also opt-out of receiving all or some of our marketing communications or request that we stop processing data about you for certain purposes (e.g. profiling) at any time, by contacting us using the details below.
If you have any questions or are unhappy with something that we have done or failed to do, we do want to know about it. Your comments enable us as an organisation to learn and continuously improve our services. Please contact us by:
Email – dataprotection@sat7.org
writing to our Data Protection team at SAT-7’s registered address – PO Box 26760, CY-1647, Nicosia, Cyprus.
calling us on +(357) 22 76 10 50
If you wish to raise a data protection concern or complaint with a supervisory body, you can address a complaint to the Commissioner for Personal Data Protection. For more information, visit www.dataprotection.gov.cy
HOW WILL WE LET YOU KNOW OF CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY?
We keep our privacy policy under regular review and we will place any updates on this webpage. This privacy policy was last updated on 14th May 2018.
ShareTweetShare