https://www.ensemble.com.au/terms-conditions/
Buy tickets Read more see more Terms & Conditions Home | Terms & ConditionsTerms & ConditionsCONDITIONS OF PURCHASEPlease read these Terms and Conditions prior to purchasing a ticket. By purchasing a ticket to an Ensemble Theatre production, you are agreeing to these Terms and Conditions.Ensemble Theatre collects your individual information in case of an event cancellation or change. If you fail to supply sufficient and appropriate contact information, Ensemble Theatre is not responsible for failure to contact you.Ticket holders enter the venue at their own risk. To the maximum extent permitted by law, Ensemble Theatre is not responsible for any loss, damage, harm or injury arising from a ticket holder’s entry to its venue or performance within its venue.Tickets are only valid when purchased through Ensemble Theatre or an authorised agent. Tickets may not be resold or offered for unauthorised resale for an amount which exceeds the original supply cost by more than 10%, or as specified by law. Ensemble Theatre reserves the right to cancel any ticket sold or offered for unauthorised resale in breach of this condition, without notice and without a refund, and the ticket holder may be refused entry into the event.Tickets are only valid up to the date and time indicated on each ticket. Ticket prices include GST where applicable unless otherwise stated. Ensemble Theatre tickets are sold or issued subject to the Live Performance Australia (LPA) Ticketing Code of Practice (the LPA Code). COLLECTION NOTICE FOR SUBSCRIPTION PURCHASEWhen you purchase a subscription to Ensemble Theatre, you consent to our collection, use and disclosure of your personal information: in order to register, administer and maintain your subscription with us; to provide you with and bill you for tickets or gift vouchers that you purchase; for analytic purposes so that we may direct programs or initiatives provided by Ensemble that may appeal to you and to engage with you in relation to, and provide you information about, donations and other philanthropic opportunities; to process and acknowledge any donations you make to us; to send you information about our activities and third party offers and promotions; for other purposes set out in our Privacy Policy; and for other related purposes. If you do not provide this information, you may not be able to purchase a subscription from us.The information you provide may be disclosed to trusted third parties, including our suppliers, service providers, contractors and agents in relation to the above purposes.If you do not want to receive marketing materials from us, please opt-out by using the opt-out facilities provided in each communication or by contacting our Privacy Officer using the details set out in our Privacy Policy. COLLECTION NOTICE FOR TICKET PURCHASEWhen you purchase a ticket or gift voucher to Ensemble Theatre, you consent to our collection, use and disclosure of your personal information: in order to provide you with and bill you for tickets or gift vouchers that you purchase; for analytic purposes so that we may direct programs or initiatives provided by Ensemble that may appeal to you and to engage with you in relation to, and provide you information about, donations and other philanthropic opportunities; to process and acknowledge any donations you make to us; to send you information about our activities and third party offers and promotions; for other purposes set out in our Privacy Policy; and for other related purposes. If you do not provide this information, you may not be able to purchase tickets or gift vouchers from us.The information you provide may be disclosed to trusted third parties, including our suppliers, service providers, contractors and agents in relation to the above purposes.If you do not want to receive marketing materials from us, please opt-out by using the opt-out facilities provided in each communication or by contacting our Privacy Officer using the details set out in our Privacy Policy. REFUNDS & EXCHANGESAll ticket purchases are final and shall not be refunded or exchanged, except as required by law or in accordance with the LPA Code. Exchanges are not applicable between productions. Tickets may be exchanged for the same production up until 48 hours before the performance (subject to availability) and applicable exchange fees will apply. Lost or stolen tickets with a seat allocation can be replaced.Subscribers are entitled to one free exchange per production. Phone the Box Office (02) 8918 3400 to make a reservation for a new date and return the ticket by email, mail or in person within seven days. Tickets must be returned to the Box Office no later than 48 hours prior to your original performance date.  Exchanged tickets are held at the Box Office for collection. Exchanged tickets are mailed if a self-addressed stamped envelope is provided.SUBSCRIBER TICKET EXCHANGESExchanges within 48 hours prior a performance incur a late exchange fee of $6.00 per ticket.The cut-off time for late exchange is 12 noon on the day of an evening performance and up to close of business the day before for a matinee.Upgrades apply if exchanging for a higher priced performance e.g. weekday matinee to weekend matinee.You may exchange more than once. Second exchanges incur a fee of $6.00 per ticket.Ticket exchanges are subject to availability.NON-SUBSCRIBER TICKET EXCHANGESNon-subscribers may exchange tickets within 48 hours prior a performance at a cost of $6.00 per ticket.Ticket exchanges are subject to availability. ADMISSIONThe right of admission is reserved by Ensemble Theatre management. Latecomers will not be admitted to the venue until a suitable break in the programme.Cameras, tape recorders and other recording devices in any medium are prohibited. A breach of this condition may lead to the confiscation of equipment and removal of the ticket holder from the venue. PROGRAM INFORMATIONThe right is reserved to vary advertised programs, pricing, venue and seating arrangements, and to add, withdraw or substitute artists where necessary, at any time and without notice. PERSONAL INFORMATION AND PRIVACY POLICYEnsemble Theatre observes the Australian Privacy Principles, and will only collect and disclose your personal information in a manner that is consistent with our Privacy Policy.You can read our full Privacy Policy here. INTERNET BOOKINGS DELIVERY POLICYTickets will be held at the Box Office for collection or made available as e-tickets to be printed at home or presented on a mobile device (at Ensemble’s discretion).Valid concession identification must be shown at the Box Office on collection/inspection of tickets.Tickets may be posted to a specified address upon request if no concessions apply by emailing boxoffice@ensemble.com.au or calling Box Office (02) 8918 3400. AMENDMENTSWe may amend these Terms and Conditions by updating them on our website.  Any variations become effective upon their first publication on our website and apply to ticket purchases made after that time.We may also amend these Terms and Conditions as they apply to tickets which have already been sold, if those amendments are made to ensure that these Terms and Conditions Sale reflect changes or developments in applicable laws or regulations, and any changes to the LPA Code.  We will provide you with reasonable notice of such amendments.You should review these Terms and Conditions before seeking to purchase tickets for performances at Ensemble Theatre. FEEDBACKPlease send through your feedback using our online contact form.
2021 SEASON SUBSCRIBE NOW 2021 SeasonAboutBayly’s BistroDiscoverDevelopmentEducationWork with usSUPPORT USYour SafetyGift VouchersContact Login Basket Join Newsletter