https://www.thealbany.org.uk/cookies-policy/
Support us
Support us
A Theatre Trip for Every Child
The Albany Garden
Individual Support
Companies
Funders and Sponsors
Membership
About us
About us
History
News & Blog
News & Blog
The Albany COVID-19 Response
Work with us
Transforming the Albany
Resident companies
Resident companies
Our Residents Respond to COVID-19
Staff and trustees
Our work
Our work
Programme
Programme
Young people
Archive
Meet Me at the Albany
Artistic policy
Projects
Artists
Artists
Featured artists
Artist opportunities
Associates
Partnerships
Partnerships
Lewisham Homes
Future Arts Centres
Fun Palaces
Every Child
Lewisham and Southwark Libraries
Services
Family Arts Campaign
Search for:
Our website uses a limited number of cookies to store information on your computer when you are using it.
Cookies are small files sent to your browser and stored on your computer’s hard disc. They are used by most websites in various ways, including enabling you to login, shop online, and personalising your online experience. They also allow a website to function and provide website operators with information on how the site is being used.
The Albany uses Cookies in the following ways.
During online booking and purchases
To allow you to shop for tickets and merchandise via our ticketing system, Spektrix – for example to keep record of items in a customer basket.
To personalise the experience for returning customers.
To determine whether or not you are logged in.
To link your online booking with your customer account on Spektrix so we know who has booked tickets.
To identify what cookies can be set on the device you are using to book according to your privacy and security settings.
To identify the last time you used our website to book tickets for our analysis.
Our email provider uses cookies for the following:
Counting visitors to our website who arrive via a link in an email we’ve sent
Counting visitors to our social media pages who arrive via a link in an email we’ve sent
Tracking what sort of device people receive and read our emails on.
Assisting with security settings for users on shared IP addresses.
The data gathered is used to help us refine our email marketing and make it more effective.
Our email system is provided by DotMailer. You can read their Privacy Policy at this link.
On our website
Our website uses cookies to make sure the website works properly for visitors in ways we consider necessary. These include:
Allowing us to use content embedded from a third party site such as Google (for maps and 360 views), YouTube or Vimeo (for videos). They may use cookies to enable you to access this content. To view their privacy policies, follow the links in the third parties names above.
Helping us understand how people are using and navigating our website and identify any problems with the website. This includes storing of basket and purchase information.
Recording activity during a visitor’s website session to know when someone clicks the cookies banner, and clicks any other interactive elements on the site.
Managing a visitor’s experience on the website, including preferences around dismissing the cookie pop-up and any pop-up messages on the site.
Improving the loading speed and security of the site.
Enabling you to share links to pages on social networks like Twitter and Facebook
Tracking a visitor’s session, including the storing of basket purchase information, to help us evaluate the effectiveness of our website. This information is also shared with Google Analytics, which is anonymised data (see our privacy policy for further information), to help us understand how the website is being used and improve it.
Data stored by google analytics includes how many people have visit our website, what type of device (e.g phone / laptop / tablet) they are using, how long they stayed on the site and on which pages, how they found us (e.g. Facebook link or google search), and whether they are a new or repeat visitor.
You can opt-out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites at this link.
Our website was designed and built by Cog.
We do not use cookies to:
Collect any sensitive information
Pay sales commissions
Change your cookie settings in your web browser
You may wish to amend your cookie settings on your device. You can do so in the settings, options or preferences sections of your chosen web browser.
If you disable cookies on your device, some areas of our website may not work as they should and some content and features will be unavailable.
If you would like any further information, please use the contacts box at the top right of this page to get in touch.
Top image shows the Albany viewed from Douglas Way. Photo: David Grandorge.
Get in touch
Call 0208 692 4446
Email albanygdpr@thealbany.org.uk
33k
We have over 33,000 followers on our social media platforms
Join them to hear our news first, get discounts and get a peak behind the scenes.
/albany.deptford
@thealbanySE8
@thealbanySE8
First name
Last name
Email
I'm interested in...
News and events from
The Albany
Canada Water Theatre
Deptford Lounge
Hiring spaces
Family events and activities
Cookies
We use cookies to enhance your experience on this site.
Find out more