https://www.elvisfind.com/privacy/
Search for ElvisSearch
Refine search
Search full contentSearch in these categories:WebsitesAppsLyrics
Latest website reviewsGraceland.comPriscillaPresley.comEssential Elvis UKSocially ElvisEdge of Reality BandLatest app reviewsI Love ElvisAlways Elvis RadioSpotlightSong of the weekI'm Movin' OnSite of the weekElvis World JapanApp of the weekAlways Elvis Radio
ElvisFind Values Your Privacy
This privacy policy was last updated and is effective since May 7, 2019. This privacy policy is subject to change. Any changes will be disclosed on
this page and will be dated.
The following gives a simple overview of what happens to your personal information when you visit our website. Personal information is any data
with which you could be personally identified. Detailed information on the subject of data protection can be found in our privacy policy
found below.
Data collection on ElvisFind.com
Who is responsible for the data collection on this website?
The data collected on this website are processed by the website operator. The operator’s contact details can be found in the website’s required
legal notice.
How do we collect your data?
Some data are collected when you provide it to us. This could, for example, be data you enter on a contact form.
Other data are collected automatically by our IT systems when you visit the website. These data are primarily technical data such as the
browser and operating system you are using or when you accessed the page. These data are collected automatically as soon as you enter our website.
What do we use your data for?
Part of the data is collected to ensure the proper functioning of the website. Other data can be used to analyze how visitors use the site.
What rights do you have regarding your data?
You always have the right to request information about your stored data, its origin, its recipients, and the purpose of its collection at no
charge. You also have the right to request that it be corrected, blocked, or deleted. You can contact us at any time using the address given
in the legal notice if you have further questions about the issue of privacy and data protection. You may also, of course, file a complaint
with the competent regulatory authorities.
Data Protection
The operators of this website take the protection of your personal data very seriously. We treat your personal data as confidential and in accordance with the
statutory data protection regulations and this privacy policy.
If you use this website, various pieces of personal data will be collected. Personal information is any data with which you could be personally identified.
This privacy policy explains what information we collect and what we use it for. It also explains how and for what purpose this happens.
Please note that data transmitted via the internet (e.g. via email communication) may be subject to security breaches. Complete protection of your data
from third-party access is not possible.
Responsible Party
The party responsible for processing data on this website is:
ElvisFind
Smidshof 50
7885 GH Nieuw-Dordrecht
Netherlands
Telephone:+31 (0) 591-239206
Email: info@elvisfind.com
The responsible party is the natural or legal person who alone or jointly with others decides on the purposes and means of processing
personal data (names, email addresses, etc.).
Revocation of consent
Many data processing operations are only possible with your express consent. You may revoke your consent at any time with future effect.
An informal email making this request is sufficient. The data processed before we receive your request may still be legally processed.
Right to file complaints with regulatory authorities
If there has been a breach of data protection legislation, the person affected may file a complaint with the competent regulatory authorities.
The competent regulatory authority for matters related to data protection legislation is the data protection officer of the Dutch state
in which our company is headquartered. For The Netherlands, this is the Autoriteit Persoonsgegevens.
Right to data portability
You have the right to have data which we process based on your consent or in fulfilment of a contract automatically delivered to yourself or to a third
party in a standard, machine-readable format. If you require the direct transfer of data to another responsible party, this will only be done to the
extent technically feasible.
Information, blocking, deletion
As permitted by law, you have the right to be provided at any time with information free of charge about any of your personal data that is
stored as well as its origin, the recipient and the purpose for which it has been processed. You also have the right to have this data corrected,
blocked or deleted. You can contact us at any time using the address given in our legal notice if you have further questions on the topic of
personal data.
SSL Encryption
This site uses SSL or TLS encryption for security reasons and for the protection of the transmission of confidential content, such as the inquiries you
send to us as the site operator. You can recognize an encrypted connection in your browser’s address line when it changes from “http://” to “https://”
and the lock icon is displayed in your browser’s address bar.
If SSL or TLS encryption is activated, the data you transfer to us cannot be read by third parties.
Data Collection
Cookies
Some of our web pages use cookies. Cookies do not harm your computer and do not contain any viruses. Cookies help make our website more user-friendly,
efficient, and secure. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and saved by your browser.
Most of the cookies we use are so-called “session cookies.” They are automatically deleted after your visit. Other cookies remain in your device’s memory
until you delete them. These cookies make it possible to recognize your browser when you next visit the site.
You can configure your browser to inform you about the use of cookies so that you can decide on a case-by-case basis whether to accept or reject a cookie.
Alternatively, your browser can be configured to automatically accept cookies under certain conditions or to always reject them, or to automatically
delete cookies when closing your browser. Disabling cookies may limit the functionality of this website.
Cookies which are necessary to allow electronic communications or to provide certain functions you wish to use are stored pursuant to Art. 6 paragraph 1,
letter f of GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the storage of cookies to ensure an optimized service provided free of
technical errors. If other cookies (such as those used to analyze your surfing behavior) are also stored, they will be treated separately in this privacy policy.
Server log files
The website provider automatically collects and stores information that your browser automatically transmits to us in “server log files”. These are:
Browser type and browser version
Operating system used
Referrer URL
Host name of the accessing computer
Time of the server request
IP address
These data will not be combined with data from other sources.
The basis for data processing is Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR, which allows the processing of data to fulfill a contract or for measures preliminary to a contract.
Contact form
Should you send us questions via the contact form, we will collect the data entered on the form, including the contact details you provide, to answer
your question and any follow-up questions. We do not share this information without your permission.
We will, therefore, process any data you enter onto the contact form only with your consent per Art. 6 (1)(a) GDPR. You may revoke your consent at any time.
An informal email making this request is sufficient. The data processed before we receive your request may still be legally processed.
We will retain the data you provide on the contact form until you request its deletion, revoke your consent for its storage, or the purpose for its
storage no longer pertains (e.g. after fulfilling your request). Any mandatory statutory provisions, especially those regarding mandatory data retention periods,
remain unaffected by this provision.
Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service. It is operated by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.
Google Analytics uses so-called “cookies”. These are text files that are stored on your computer and that allow an analysis of the use of the website by you.
The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there.
Google Analytics cookies are stored based on Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in analyzing user behavior to optimize both its
website and its advertising. Information retrieved and store by Google Analytics will be anonomized by obscuring the last few digits of your IP address.
Prevent cookies
We do not store any personal information in cookies. You can prevent these cookies being stored by selecting the appropriate settings in your browser. However, we
wish to point out that doing so may mean you will
not be able to enjoy the full functionality of this website. You can also prevent the data generated by cookies about your use of the website (incl. your IP address)
from being passed to Google, and the processing of these data by Google, by downloading and installing the browser plugin available at the following
link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.
Objecting to the collection of data
You can prevent the collection of your data by Google Analytics by clicking on the following link. An opt-out cookie will be set to prevent your data from being
collected on future visits to this site: Disable Google Analytics.
For more information about how Google Analytics handles user data, see Google’s privacy policy:
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en.
Newsletters using MailChimp
This website uses the services of MailChimp to send newsletters. This service is provided by Rocket Science Group LLC, 675 Ponce De Leon Ave NE, Suite 5000,
Atlanta, GA 30308, USA.MailChimp is a service which organizes and analyzes the distribution of newsletters. If you provide data (e.g. your email address)
to subscribe to our newsletter, it will be stored on MailChimp servers in the USA.MailChimp is certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield.
The Privacy Shield is an agreement between the European Union (EU) and the US to ensure compliance with European privacy standards in the United States. We use
MailChimp to analyze our newsletter campaigns. When you open an email sent by MailChimp, a file included in the email (called a web beacon) connects to
MailChimp’s servers in the United States. This allows us to determine if a newsletter message has been opened and which links you click on.
In addition, technical information is collected (e.g. time of retrieval, IP address, browser type, and operating system).
This information cannot be assigned to a specific recipient. It is used exclusively for the statistical analysis of our newsletter campaigns.
The results of these analyses can be used to better tailor future newsletters to your interests.
Additionally, ElvisFind signed a data processing agreement with MailChimp, Inc.
If you do not want your usage of the newsletter to be analyzed by MailChimp, you will have to unsubscribe from the newsletter. For this purpose,
we provide a link in every newsletter we send. You can also unsubscribe from the newsletter directly on the website.
Data processing is based on Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR. You may revoke your consent at any time by unsubscribing to the newsletter. The data processed before we
receive your request may still be legally processed.
The data provided when registering for the newsletter will be used to distribute the newsletter until you cancel your subscription when said
data will be deleted from our servers and those of MailChimp. Data we have stored for other purposes (e.g. email addresses for the members area) remains unaffected.
For details, see the MailChimp privacy policy at https://mailchimp.com/legal/terms/.