http://www.newborn.com/help/
Help Center
My Account
I’ve lost my password. How do I gain access to my account?You can retrieve your password or username by visiting the login page and “Forgot password?” link.
Why do you ask for my children’s birth dates in your registration form?Bundoo strives to provide you with the most relevant information for your family. If you provide information about your family, we will display content tailored to your children’s ages and your interests. We will never sell your information to third parties; it is used for bundoo.com functionality only.
How do I edit my profile once I’ve signed up?As a registered user, visit your profile page by clicking My Profile at the top right. You’ll see the Edit Profile button to the right of your profile picture.
Where can I change my alerts or privacy settings?When you edit your profile, you can change your alerts through the “communications” tab and you can change your privacy settings through the privacy tab.
Bundoo A-Z
How do I print an article?If you are logged in, you can print an article by clicking the green printer icon above the headline in each article. Don’t have a login? Join for free.
How do I save an article?If you are logged in, you can save an article by clicking the green star icon above the headline in each article. The saved article will appear in “My Saved Articles,” which can be found in the navigation bar near the top of the page. Don’t have a login? Join for free.
How do I comment on an article?If you are logged in, you can comment at the end of each article in the comment box. Don’t have a login? Join for free.
What is a featured comment?A featured comment is a comment made by a registered user of Bundoo that has been featured by an administrator of Bundoo. You can keep track of your featured comments either through your Profile page, or through the number in the small green circle on your Profile avatar.
How do I get my comment featured?All comments on Bundoo are reviewed by administrators. If administrators believe that a comment on an article provides extra insight, information and/or serves as an educational reference alongside the article, the comment may be featured.
How do I follow a comment in an article I commented in?If you are logged in, you can leave a comment and click the “follow discussion” button above the comment box. All of your followed articles will appear in your Profile page under the News Feed. You can also adjust your profile settings to get an email notification when someone comments on an article you commented on.
Community
What is a discussion?Discussions are individual posts within groups. Once you share a discussion, other group members can comment and reply to other member comments.
How do I post a discussion?Visit the Bundoo Community. Type your discussion and click the Continue button. Choose the group that best fits your topic and select Post.
How do I know if someone has replied to my comment or commented on my discussion?You will receive a profile alert on Bundoo. If you have opted to receive Bundoo emails, you will receive an email, too. You can change your email preferences within the Settings tab of your profile.
Why was my comment deleted from the site?Bundoo has created a friendly, positive community where parents can connect with other parents, as well as pediatricians and child care experts. If your comment was deleted, it violated the Community Guidelines.
What happens if I flag a member’s comment?The comment is removed from the site until the Bundoo Community Manager reviews the comment. The comment will reappear if the Community Manager does not feel it has violated Community Guidelines. If deemed inappropriate, the comment will be permanently removed.
I don’t see the group I was looking for. Can I create my own?Yes! You’ll see the create a group option within the Bundoo Community navigation. Your groups can be open to the public or only to people you invite (private).
Is my private group searchable?Yes, it will appear in the All Groups list, but only the group name is visible to unapproved group users.
I set my privacy setting to “Nobody can follow me or see My Profile.” Am I searchable?Yes. Users can see your first name, the first letter of the last name, and your profile picture. They cannot see your interests, family information or Bundoo activity.
Email
How can I manage my newsletter subscription?In your user profile settings, click the “communications” tab to edit your newsletter preferences.
How do I email an article?If you are logged in, you can email an article by clicking the green envelope icon above the headline in each article. Don’t have a login? Join for free.
Bundoo's Editorial Policy
Are all A-Z articles really written and reviewed by doctors?All articles are written and/or reviewed by pediatricians or childcare experts. See our team or review our Editorial Policy for more information.
About Bundoo
How do I join Bundoo?Right here!
Why should I join?Registration allows you to participate in groups and comment on Bundoo articles. As a Bundoo member, other members can follow you based on common groups or interests. It also helps us provide you with information on the site that is most relevant to you. Plus, it’s free!
What are the little green numbers on some members' pictures?That number tells you how many of their comments have been “Featured” by our editors. The Bundoo team is continuously monitoring the site, looking for great comments, advice and tidbits. If you see a member with a lot of Featured comments, it means we think they’re great and you probably will too.
What does it mean when I "follow" a member?It means you will be able to see what that member is doing on the site! You can see what your favorite Bundoo members are doing on your Profile page, under the section that says “Member Activity.” And remember: the more you interact on the site, the more likely it is that other Bundoo members will follow you.
Top 4 Reasons to Join Bundoo
It's the best way to enjoy everything Bundoo.
Connect with healthcare experts
Ask a Doctor
Share your opinions
Receive our emails
Join For Free
Question of the Day
Bundoo doctors and healthcare experts share answers to everyday parenting questions.
View All
Tell us who you are! We use your name to make your comments, emails, and notifications more personal.
First Name
Last Name
Update and Submit
Tell us who you are! We use your name to make your comments, emails, and notifications more personal.
Login
Join
Don't have an account? Join Now
Not a member? Join now!
Already have an account? Login