http://www.unusual.co.uk/privacy-policy1/
+44 (0)1604 830083 sales@unusual.co.uk
HOME
ABOUT
ABOUT US
WHAT WE DO
NATIONAL RIGGING CERTIFICATE
LINKS
PORTFOLIO
ENTERTAINMENT
MUSEUMS &AMP GALLERIES
ENGINEERING
SIGNIFICANT OTHERS
SERVICES
RIGGING
HIRE
STAGE ENGINEERING
MAINTENANCE &AMP INSPECTION
PERMANENT INSTALLATIONS
DESIGN &AMP CONSULTANCY
AUTOMATION SERVICES
ENQUIRY FORM
SALES
CONSULTANCY
TRAINING
NEWS
CURRENT NEWS
VIDEO
ARCHIVE 2019
ARCHIVE 2018
ARCHIVE 2017
ARCHIVE 2016
ARCHIVE 2015
ARCHIVE 2014
ARCHIVE 2013
ARCHIVE 2012
CONTACT
CONTACT DETAILS
OUR PEOPLE
MAP &AMP DIRECTIONS BY CAR
MAP &AMP DIRECTIONS BY TRUCK
ENQUIRY FORM
VACANCIES
BLOG
Privacy Policy
Unusual Industries Limited and/or Group and/or Associated Companies
Who we are:
Unusual Industries Limited and/or Group and/or Associated Companies (Unusual) (‘we’ or ‘us’ or ‘our’) gather and process your personal information in accordance with this privacy notice and in compliance with the relevant data protection Regulation and Laws. This notice provides you with the necessary information regarding your rights and our obligations, and explains how, why and when we process your personal data.
This Policy explains how we use any personal information we may receive about you when you use our websites or when you use or are a recipient of our services.
Unusual Industries Limited, The Wharf, Bugbrooke, Northamptonshire, NN7 3QB; whose registered office is at 55 Loudon Road, St John’s Wood, London, NW8 0DL is a company registered in England and Wales under company number 1821427.
Information that we collect:
Unusual may collect personal information about you when:
you use our services on a project management basis
you use our services for the hire of equipment
you use our websites
you contact us
you are a recipient of our services
you are a supplier to us
you are a sub-contractor to us
you are a labour only sub-contractor to us
you are in our full time employment
We will never collect any unnecessary personal data from you and do not process your information in any way, other than as specified in this notice.
We may collect the following types of information:
Your name
Address
Email address
Landline Telephone Number
Mobile Telephone Number
DOB
Passport Details
Bank Details
IP address
Why we collect this information:
Unusual Industries Limited takes your privacy very seriously and will never disclose, share or sell your data without your consent; unless required to do so by law. We only retain your data for as long as is necessary and for the purpose(s) specified in this notice.
How do we collect this information:
Unusual collects personal information:
From our clients, their officers and personnel on a project basis.
From our suppliers, their officers and personnel as part of the trading process.
From subcontract riggers, engineers, etc., as part of their engagement conditions with us.
Directly from clients who submit a customer service enquiry through our website, or contact us by email or telephone.
When our services are provided together with a business partner – the information is collected by the business partner in order for us to provide you with the product or service.
Directly from job applicants; if you submit a job application to us directly or through our recruitment partners.
Sharing and disclosing your personal information:
We do not share or disclose any of your personal information without your consent, other than for the purposes specified in this notice or where there is a legal requirement.
Unusual uses selected third parties to provide some of our services and business functions; however, all processors acting on our behalf only process your data in accordance with instructions from us and comply fully with this privacy notice, the data protection laws and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
Your personal information may be provided to:
a) Selected third parties – to enable our clients to provide travel arrangements, accommodation, security passes and other site relevant services.
b) Other third parties – this includes the police, law enforcement agencies, fraud prevention agencies for the purposes of crime detection, prevention and/or legal proceedings.
Safeguarding measures:
Unusual takes your privacy seriously and takes every reasonable measure and precaution to protect and secure your personal data. We work hard to protect you and your information from unauthorised access, alteration, disclosure or destruction and have multiple layers of security in place.
How long do we keep your data:
Unusual retains personal information for only as long as is necessary and we have strict review and retention policies in place to meet these obligations.
Legitimate interests:
Unusual may occasionally process your personal information under the legitimate interests’ legal basis. Where this is the case, we have carried out a Legitimate Interests’ Assessment (LIA) where necessary to ensure that we have weighed your interests and any risk posed to you against our own interests, ensuring that they are proportionate and appropriate.
We use the legitimate interests’ legal basis for the following:
Sending marketing post and/or emails to business contacts where we have identified our services of being a benefit to a potential business customer. Our communications comply fully with the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003. Such communications will be relevant, non-intrusive and you will always have the option to opt-out/unsubscribe at any time.
Network and information security – we may process your data for the purposes of detecting and preventing unauthorised access to our systems and IT Infrastructure for identifying acts of criminal activity.
Your rights:
You have the right to access any personal information that Unusual processes about you and to request information about:
What personal data we hold about you
The purposes of the processing
The categories of personal data concerned
The recipients to whom the personal data has/will be disclosed
How long we intend to store your personal data for
If we did not collect the data directly from you, information about the source
If you believe that we hold any incomplete or inaccurate data about you, you have the right to ask us to correct and/or complete the information and we will strive to correct it as quickly as possible; unless there is a valid reason for not doing so, at which point you will be notified.
You also have the right to request erasure of your personal data or to restrict processing (where applicable) in accordance with the data protection laws, to exercise your data portability rights, and to be informed about any automated decision-making we may use.
If we receive a request from you to exercise any of the above rights, we may ask you to verify your identity before acting on the request; this is to ensure that your data is protected and kept secure.
Consequences of Not Providing Your Data:
If your information is not passed on to us then we will not be able to trade with you.
Changes to our privacy policy:
Any changes to our privacy policy will be posted on this page. This policy is version 1.1 and was last updated April 2018.
Contacting us:
Unusual only processes your personal information in compliance with this privacy notice and in accordance with the relevant data protection laws. If, you wish to exercise your rights as specified in this notice, raise a complaint regarding the processing of your personal data or are unsatisfied with how we have handled your information, please contact us at:
The GDPR Department
Unusual Industries Limited
The Wharf
Bugbrooke
Northamptonshire
NN7 3QB
Email: GDPR@unusual.co.uk
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority
Information Commissioner's Office
Wycliffe House
Water Lane
Wilmslow
SK9 5AF
Telephone: 0203 123 1113
UNUSUAL INDUSTRIES LIMITED
The Wharf
Bugbrooke
Northamptonshire
NN7 3QB
Tel: +44 (0)1604 830083
Fax: +44 (0)1604 831144
Email: info@unusual.co.uk
Web: www.unusual.co.uk
Registered Office:
55 Loudoun Road
St. John's Wood
London
NW8 0DL.
Reg. No. London 1821427.
VAT. No. GB 581 7075 26
HOMEABOUTPORTFOLIOSERVICESSALESCONSULTANCYTRAININGNEWSCONTACTVACANCIESBLOG COOKIE POLICYDISCLAIMERPRIVACY POLICYANTI-SLAVERY POLICYSITEMAP
ADDRESS
Unusual Rigging Ltd
The Wharf Bugbrooke Northamptonshire NN7 3QB UK
T.
+44 (0)1604 830083
sales@unusual.co.uk
REGISTERED INFO
Registered address:
The Wharf, Bugbrooke, Northamptonshire, NN7 3QB, UK
Registered in England no. London 1797052.
VAT number GB 581 7075 26
©2020, Unusual, All rights reserved.