https://www.virginmedia.com/shop/the-legal-stuff.html
It looks like you are using an out of date version of your browser - due to enhanced securityrequirements protecting customers, we will no longer support this browser version as of June 2017 and you will need to update it in order to access virginmedia.com website
Skip to main content
Please check you have entered your postcode correctly.
What services can I get?
Chat
Get in touch
Still in contract?
Call us: 0800 064 3836
Call us: 0800 064 3836
Request a home visit
×
Customers
My upgrades and offers
My package
Contact us
×
Stores
Oops. Sometimes addresses can be written in different formats.
Sorry, we couldn't find your address. Please re-enter your postcode, or if you prefer you can {{{manualAddress}}}.
Please select your address from this list
Can't find your address? >
Please select your address from this list
Can't find your address? >
Can't find your address? >
Can't find your address? >
Phone number (optional)
By providing your telephone number, you consent to us calling you regarding this search if you live in our network area. We will not use your information for anything outside this activity. For more information, please refer to our Privacy Policy.
By providing your telephone number, you consent to us calling you regarding this search if you live in our network area. We will not use your information for anything outside this activity. For more information, please refer to our Privacy Policy.
Legal stuff
Looking for our terms and conditions? Well you've come to the right place. We've set it all in black and white.
Oomph (Formerly Boosted) Terms and Conditions - TV, Fibre, Phone and mobile
Terms and Conditions - TV, Fibre, Phone
Early disconnection fees
Phone Review & Mobile Bonus
Line rental saver
The TV fraud and anti-piracy stuff
HomeWorks
Terms and Conditions - Virgin Mobile
Early Disconnection Fees - Classic contracts
Early Disconnection Fees- PAYM & SIM Only Contract
Terms and Conditions – Classic contracts
Terms and Conditions – Pay Monthly and Pay Monthly SIM Only Contracts
Terms and Conditions – Family Plans
Traffic management policy
Virgin Media Spending Caps Policy
Terms and Conditions - Virgin TV Go
Terms and Coditions - My Virgin Media app
Terms and Conditions - Virgin Media WiFi
Terms and Conditions - Virgin Media London Underground WiFi Service
Terms and Conditions - Virgin Media Kids App
Terms and Conditions - Virgin Media Store
Terms and Conditions - Virgin TV Edit Competition T's and C's
Terms and Conditions - Virgin Media Essential broadband
Acceptable Use Policy
Acceptable Use explained
Acceptable Use Policy (Mobile)
Traffic Management: Cable services
Virgin Media Privacy Policy
Virgin Media Speeds Policy
Virgin Media Automatic Compensation Scheme
Credit Checking Policy
Online Shopping
HTTPS browsing on Virginmedia.com
Terms of Use
Terms of Use on your Mobile
Our Codes of Practice
Consumer Complaint Code of Practice
Accessibility
Registered office
Panellist Agreement
Covid-Secure Risk Assessment
Close
Need Help?