http://www.otakon.com/help/contact
August 6-8, 2021
Walter E. Washington Convention Center, Washington, DC
Register
Member Login
Username
Password
Log In
or
Sign Up
Forgot your password?
Login with
Contact Us
Questions about Otakon 2020 Refunds?
Submit refund requests using the Refund Request Form.  Please see the 2020 Event Cancellation page for more information and FAQs.  Please read those pages before submitting a help request here.
Otakon® is an annual celebration of Asian pop culture (anime, manga, music, movies, video games, etc.) and its fandom! Otakon is run by the non-profit organization Otakorp, Inc.
Please keep in mind, Otakon is run entirely by volunteers.  As such, we are unable to provide direct support over the telephone.  If you need to get in touch with us, please us the contact form at the bottom of this page.  However, first please make sure your question isn't already answered at one of these locations:
Our General FAQ page has answers to lots of things from membership, registration, hotels and more.
The Registration FAQ has answers to a lot of registration specific questions, including questions about mailed badges.
The All Roads Lead to OTAKON page has all your transportation releated information.
Need to know when application deadlines for things like Artist's Alley, Dealer's Room, Programming, etc. are?  Check out our Deadlines / What's Open Page.
Issues submitting your registration?  ShowClix is our official registration provider and you can contact them directly by phone or email: https://support.showclix.com/
Issues with your hotel reservation?  Experient is our official hotel provider and you can find their contact information at the bottom of our Hotel Page.
Have a Guest or Programming Request?  We can't respond to these types of requests via this form, but we do have areas of our BBS setup specifically for these types of requests.
Contact Us
Didn't find the answer you need?  Get in touch with us below.
×Close
Privacy Policy
Otakorp, Inc.'s privacy policy is simple: whatever information you provide us, we won't sell to anyone else. And we promise to use it only for Otakorp, Inc. related events such as Otakon. Fair enough?
Close