https://www.thebridge-ttc.org/2016/07/26/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
The Bridge Theatre Training Company, referred to in this policy as “we”, “us” or “our”, are pleased to provide information to all of our customers about our online privacy policy. We strive to protect the privacy of information and ensure compliance with UK Data Protection act 1998 and the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (GDPR).
This site may contain links to the websites of other companies. If you follow any of these links you should be aware that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility for these policies. We advise that you check these policies before submitting personal data on other sites.
Types of Information We Collect and How It Is Used
We only gather personal information, such as first and last names, addresses and email addresses, when voluntarily submitted by you in order to facilitate communication throughout the application process and beyond as well to meet basic legal requirements. For example, personal information may be collected from you via application form or contact form. Anonymised data will be held indefinitely for as long as needed, unless we receive a request to remove it.
Application details will be held until the next academic year. After which they will be deleted and a new application form will need to be submitted.
If contacted via email or contact form, we may keep a record of the communication.
We obtain consent for data held for reasons other than basic legal requirements and legitimate interests. This may include signed data, opt-out consent for mailing lists, completed online forms.
Access
You are in control of any personal information you provide to us online or in writing. If at any time, you would like to correct or remove the personal information we have about you or if you would like to change your preferences for contacts from us or other members of the Bridge Theatre Training Company, you can let us know by contacting us at admin@thebridge-ttc.org or by calling the office on 020 7424 0860, or writing to: The Bridge Theatre Training Company, Harrow Business Centre, 429- 433 Pinner Road, Harrow, HA1 4HN. We own the copyright on any photos or videos taken by us and therefore can use them as we see fit but objections to certain items can be made through the same contact methods.
Storing of personal data
Digital data is securely secured within a password protected system. Physical data is stored within a secure building. Access to personal information is limited to specific staff members only. Any breach of data will be reported to the ISO (Information Commissioner’s Office) within three days.
Sharing of Personal Information
Occasionally, with your permission and depending on the purpose for and context in which you gave that permission, we will send information and news to you, for example, relating to the auditions or shows.
However, in every case, if you do not elect to receive such communications or if you elect to discontinue receiving them, then we will not send or will cease sending them to you. Also, we reserve the right to use or disclose any information as needed to satisfy any law, regulation or legal request, to protect the integrity of the site, to fulfil your requests, or to cooperate in any law enforcement or regulatory investigation. Save for this, we do not sell, transfer or disclose personal information we have collected from you in connection with our web site activities, to third parties outside the Bridge Theatre Training Company.
Individuals who submit personal data to us maintain a right to report us to the ICO (Information Commissioner’s Office) if necessary.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
From time to time, it may be necessary for us to change this privacy policy, so we suggest that you check here periodically. Rest assured, however, that any changes will not be retrospectively applied and will not alter how we handle previously collected information.
Last updated 24/05/2018
Submit a Comment Cancel replyYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name *
Email *
Website
Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email.