http://www.emperorshammer.org/page.php?page=privacy
Home
News
About
Groups
Alliances
History
Buy EH Gear
TOR Guild
Rosters
Command Staff
TIE Corps
Dark Brotherhood
Hammer's Fist
Directorate
Fringe
Personnel Search
Statistics
Administration
Training
Main
Staff
Imp U
About
Course Categories
Graduates
Course Search
Archives
News
Medal Board
Battle Center
Gaming Patches
Files
Newsletters
Fiction
Images
Ship/Unit Histories
Competitions
Competitions
Kill Board
Join
Communications
Reports
Message Boards
Communications Servers
Gaming Servers
Meeting Information
EH Links
Concourse
Benefactors
Article Mentions
Heroes
Logos
Site Awards
Group Manuals
TIE Corps Pilot Manual
Dark Side Compendium
Hammer's Fist Field Manual
Directorate Manual
Manuals/Information
Encyclopaedia Imperia
Systems Manual
Fleet Manual
Tactical Manual
Science Manual
Order of Battle
Training Manual
Rules and Regulations
Bylaws
Articles of War
IRC Codes of Conduct
Cheating Policy
Copyrights/Disclaimers
Lucasarts Rules
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: March 05, 2012, formating changes
Policy Currently Under Review
Index
Introduction
Parents
Special Note to Kids
Collection of Information
Use of Information
Cookies
Links
Data Integrity and Security
Changes
Our changes
Your changes
A Note on "Private" Emperor's Hammer Correspondence
To What Web Sites Does This Privacy Policy Apply?
Contact Information
Introduction (back to top)
The Emperor's Hammer (www.emperorshammer.org) is committed to respecting the privacy rights of all visitors to our Web site in accordance with industry standards and the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), effective as of April 21, 2000. By using this site, you signify your acceptance of the Emperor's Hammer Privacy Policy detailed herein. If you do not agree with this policy, do not provide any personally identifiable information to us or do not use the Web site.
For each visitor to the Emperor's Hammer Web site, our Web server automatically recognizes only the IP address and the manufacturer of the web browser in use.
Parents (back to top)
We encourage parents and guardians to take an active role to protect the privacy of their children and to prevent inappropriate use of information about their children. Parents and guardians should instruct their children never to give out real names or any other identifying information over the Internet without first getting parental permission. The Emperor's Hammer will remove any information provided online by children upon the request of the child or the parent or guardian.We may collect the name of a child or parent and online contact information in order to obtain parental consent to parents of kids under 13 or to provide parental notice. If a visitor indicates that he/she is under the age of 13, HE/SHE WILL BE ASKED TO SUPPLY A PARENT'S OR GUARDIAN'S E-MAIL ADDRESS. In this case, the parent or guardian will receive an e-mail message containing instructions on how to enable the child's club membership and until the parent or guardian enables the child's registration, they will not be a member of the Emperor's Hammer. If we do not receive the parent's or guardian's said consent within a reasonable time, we delete this information from our records. We also may collect this information to respond to a specific request from a child under 13. Once we respond to a request from a child under 13, we may not contact your child again and the information is deleted from our records.You can always ask us to review or delete any of your child's information at any time by sending us a written request at the Contact Information below and you can ask that we do not use or collect any more personal information from your child. However, if you ask us to delete your child's information that is necessary to participate in our activities, we may have to ask your child not to participate in our activities.
Special Note to Kids (back to top)
If you are under 13 years old, ask your parent or guardian BEFORE giving out any information about yourself, such as your name, age, address or e-mail address. You do not have to give any personal information about yourself. Remember, if you are under 13 you must have your parent or guardian make any changes to information given to us in the past or to update your profile. If you are ever unsure about anything you are seeing on this Web site, ask your parent or guardian for help.If you are 13 years or older, you may have the ability to participate in online meetings or competitions, e-mail other users or post messages on portions of this and affiliated Web sites. In the event that you do post messages, remember that other users may have access to your e-mail address and user name.
Collection of Information (back to top)
The Emperor's Hammer does not require that visitors reveal any personally identifying information in order to access our main Web site (www.emperorshammer.org). YOU ARE UNDER NO OBLIGATION TO PROVIDE, AND MAY DECLINE TO PROVIDE, ANY REQUESTED INFORMATION AT ANY TIME. Although submission of an email address and/or Emperor's Hammer "nickname" or "persona" may be required to join the Emperor's Hammer, participate in certain activities (i.e. weekly chat sessions or message boards postings) or engage in various online chats, meetings, special events, games, etc. offered through our Web site, participants are requested to provide information on a voluntary basis only. Some situations in which we may need to collect personal information (i.e. an email address and/or Emperor's Hammer "nickname" or "persona") about users could include:
Joining the Emperor's Hammer online club as a Member, Recruit or Trainee
Participating in online meetings or special events
Responding to online surveys or polls
Participating in online gaming events
Sending us questions or comments which may require personal information for a response
Joining a mailing list
The type of information collected at this site and necessary for the operation of the fan club may include: an email address, an Emperor's Hammer "nickname" or "persona," URLs (for personal web site presentation of club material), passwords, Internet Protocol (IP) information (your IP address and browser type), cookies, and generic demographic information (age, gender, and/or state and country of residence).
You always have the right to unsubscribe from any mailing lists we may maintain or to delete personally identifiable electronic information we have collected online about you or your children. The Emperor's Hammer reserves the right to delete information or change its privacy policy at any time.
Use of Information (back to top)
As an interactive, not-for-profit Fan Club, it is necessary for users to provide us with some contact information. ALL INFORMATION GIVEN TO JOIN THE CLUB IS GIVEN ON A VOLUNTARY BASIS. Once one joins the club, we may use that information to contact you and to send you information about the club news and activities. IF YOU ARE UNDER 13 YEARS OF AGE, YOU MUST GET YOUR PARENT OR GUARDIAN'S CONSENT BEFORE YOU SEND US INFORMATION OR JOIN THIS CLUB.We may conduct polls or ask for your opinion from time to time. You may send us questions or comments, which may require personal information for a response. Please refer to all Club Bylaws and Terms and Policies BEFORE you submit any unsolicited personal information or unique creative ideas or materials. IF YOU ARE UNDER 13 YEARS OF AGE, YOU MUST GET YOUR PARENT OR GUARDIAN'S CONSENT BEFORE YOU SEND US SUCH INFORMATION.We conduct on-line gaming opportunities and meetings which may require you provide identification information in order to participate. These activities are voluntary but integral to the continuation of an on-line Fan Club. IF YOU ARE UNDER 13 YEARS OF AGE, YOU MUST GET YOUR PARENT OR GUARDIAN'S CONSENT BEFORE YOU SEND US IDENTIFICATION INFORMATION TO PARTICIPATE IN CLUB ACTIVITIES.
Cookies (back to top)
Cookies are small pieces of electronic information which a Web site can store on a visitor's hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies allow Web site operators to "personalize" the site to match your individual preferences. The use of cookies is standard on the Internet and many major Web sites use them. You can choose to set your browser to notify you whenever you are sent a cookie. This gives you the option to decide whether or not to accept a cookie.
The Emperor's Hammer does not make use of cookies at this time. If this should change in the future, this paragraph will be updated to reflect the same. However, Various Emperor's Hammer and affiliated sites may utilize cookies to enhance and personalize your experience while visiting the pages. As explained more fully below, no information gathered will be sold to third parties. Additionally, the Emperor's Hammer Web site has certain linked WWW Sites that utilize banner advertising. The Emperor's Hammer has no control over this use of cookies and the user should individually contact the banner advertising services to inquire on the use of these cookies at these sites, if interested.
Links (back to top)
The Emperor's Hammer may create links to the Web sites of other parties. Children under 18 years of age should get parental permission before linking to other sites. Sites that are not associated with or authorized by the Emperor's Hammer may also have links leading to the Emperor's Hammer. The Emperor's Hammer cannot control any of these links and is not responsible for any content appearing on sites linked to or from the Emperor's Hammer Web site or for any personal information gathered at those sites.
Data Integrity and Security (back to top)
The importance of security for all personally identifiable information associated with our visitors is of the utmost concern. The Emperor's Hammer has and will continue to take reasonable measures to assure the accuracy of all information our users and visitors share with us. The Emperor's Hammer does not collect or assemble personal information for sale to third parties. No Officer or Member of the Emperor's Hammer is authorized to sell or trade personal information on our users for personal profit or gain.
Changes (back to top)
Our changes:
We reserve the right to change or remove this privacy policy at our discretion. If we decide to change our privacy policy we will post those changes here. We encourage you to visit this area frequently to stay informed. We will tell you via e-mail (and/or post a notice at www.emperorshammer.org ) if we make any material changes in how we collect, use or we wish to share your information in any manner not previously authorized by you or your parent.
Your changes:
This Fan Site gives some users options for changing and modifying information previously provided. If you are a club member, you may change your contact information at any time. CHILDREN UNDER 13 CANNOT CHANGE MEMBERSHIP INFORMATION, ONLY THE PARENT OR GUARDIAN CAN DO THAT. PARENTS SHOULD FOLLOW THE PROCEDURE THAT THEY USED TO ENABLE THEIR CHILD'S MEMBERSHIP TO CHANGE ANY INFORMATION AT ANY TIME.
A Note on "Private" Emperor's Hammer Correspondence (back to top)
Membership in the EH is voluntary and any Member can leave upon their request. While a Member, however, each person has agreed to be bound by all of the EH rules and regulations (Bylaws, Code of Conduct, Disclaimers and Articles of War). In fostering effective enforcement of those rules and regulations, each Member consents to the collection and use of chat logs, emails and private messages sent or transmitted in electronic (or other) form by and between its Membership. Any such information gathered will be used only for internal investigation.
The user acknowledges that chats, conferences, bulletin boards, and any other such communications forums hosted by this Web Site are public and not private communications. Further, the user acknowledges that chats, postings, conferences, and other communications by other users are not endorsed by the Emperor's Hammer, and such communications shall not be considered reviewed, screened, or approved by the Emperor's Hammer.
To What Web Sites Does This Privacy Policy Apply? (back to top)
The terms of this Privacy Policy apply to all information submitted on this Web site. In addition, the terms shall only apply to Web sites owned and operated by the Emperor's Hammer or any of its affiliated, subsidiary or related entities, as well as to the personal web pages of Emperor's Hammer Fan Club members who have agreed to abide by our Privacy Policy. It does not otherwise apply to any independently-operated Web sites, for which separate privacy policies and terms of use shall apply. Finally, since this Privacy Policy is intended to protect individuals, it does not apply to businesses or persons acting on behalf of businesses.
Contact Information (back to top)
If you have questions about our privacy policy, or to correct or delete information that the Emperor's Hammer may have about you or your children, please email and/or contact us at the following address:
Emperor's Hammer
c/o William P. Call, P.G. EH Privacy Policies last updated: April 8, 2009
Copyright Protected ©1994-2020 Emperor's Hammer, Inc. | Bylaws | Privacy Policy
|
|