http://www.pas.org/about/privacypolicy.aspx
Log in
Search
Donate
Toggle navigation
Join
Individual Membership
Group Membership
Corporate Sponsorship
Library Subscription
Benefits
Renew
Membership FAQ
Get Involved
Chapters
Committees
Diversity Alliance
Leadership Academy
Contests/Competitions
Scholarships/Grants
Volunteer
PASIC
Solo Artist Competition
Resources
COVID-19
Job Board
Resource Library
Rudiments
Research
Thesis/Dissertation Repository
Bibliography of Percussion Research
Compositions Research
Percussive Notes Online Research Edition
Fujii Marimba Databases
Gerhardt Cylinder Recordings
NAMM Oral History Project
Translated Articles
PAS Online Collection
PAS Digital Archive
Education
Career Development Articles
Composition / Publishing
FUNdamentals
HOTLicks
Pedagogy
Sound Enhanced Articles
Essential Listening for Drum Set
PAS Percussion Compendium
The Educators' Companion
Specialties
Drum Set
Keyboard
Interactive Drumming
Health & Wellness
Marching
Symphonic
Technology
World
Virtual Programs
Calendar
PAS Presents
FUNdamental Friday
Submit an Event
Publications
Rhythm! Scene™
Percussive Notes
Percussive Notes Online Research Edition
Archives
Reviews & Submissions
Advertise
Percussive Notes Appendices
Support
Donate
Ways to Give
Museum Donations
Corporate Sponsors
Strategic Partners
Our Donors
Shop PAS
About
About PAS
PASIC®
Staff & Board
History
PAS News
Awards
In Memoriam
Work With Us
Logos & Brand Guidelines
Contact Us
Hall of Fame
Privacy Policy
At pas.org, we are committed to protecting your privacy. Information we collect about you in our online store is only used to process orders and provide a more personalized shopping experience. We also collect information about you when you sign up to become a member of the PAS so that we may send you magazines, newsletters, your Membership Card, important updates about our Web site, maintain our Membership roster, provide help in the event that you should lose your account information, etc.
In order to better serve our Members, renewal notices are sent via e-mail whenever possible. This helps to keep costs down and makes it more convenient for Members to renew their Membership.
Please read on for more details about our privacy policy.
What information do we collect? How do we use it?
When you order a product from our store or sign up online, we need to know your name, e-mail address, mailing address, credit card number, and expiration date. This allows us to process and fulfill your order and to notify you of your order status.
We may, from time to time, conduct a survey that asks for your e-mail address. Sometimes this will be a required field, other times it will be optional. In any case, you will have the option to choose to participate or not. Very rarely, if ever, will a survey be mandatory.
We monitor customer traffic patterns and site usage to help us develop the design and layout of the site.
We maintain one mailing list, PAS Members, which is a mandatory list. This is not a high-volume list, and no one is allowed to post to it but the WebAdmin. We will primarily use this list to notify you of important updates to organization policy, important functionality changes to the Web site, and other PAS specific business. This is not used to send you offers or any other type of unsolicited commercial e-mail.
There are other places on the site where your e-mail address is required, such as the Forums. This is so you can communicate with other Members in the forums, join mailing lists (if you choose) and participate in other "community"-type activities. All of these activities are voluntary, but in the Forums, a valid e-mail address is required.
In most cases, each PAS Member is associated with a local Chapter.The Chapter President has access to an e-mail form of those members which reside in the geographic area defined as a Chapter for the purpose of sending Chapter information to members.
How does PAS.org protect customer information?
When you place orders or access your account information, we offer the use of a secure server. The secure server software (SSL) encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us. Furthermore, all of the customer data we collect is protected against unauthorized access.
What about 'cookies'?
"Cookies" are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. Think of them as your "user preferences" for pas.org . Our cookies do not contain any personally identifying information, but they enable us to store items in your shopping cart between visits, allow us to personalize your visits, and allow you to automatically log in to the Member's Area from your computer. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser to prevent that. Even without a cookie, you can still use most of the features in our Web site, including placing items in your shopping cart and purchasing them.
The cookies that we use for logins are not permanent, but without them you would not be able to login to your online account with us and participate in the Forums and other Members Only benefits. If you prefer not to deal with cookies, then you can register by calling the office, and pay for a membership level other than ePAS (online only).
Will PAS.org disclose the information it collects to outside parties?
PAS will not edit, monitor, or disclose the contents of a member's private communications unless required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (1) comply with legal process; (2) protect and defend the rights or property of PAS; or (3) protect the personal safety of its members or the public.
As a means to generate revenue the PAS membership database is available for purchase. By becoming a PAS Member you have the option to choose whether or not to make your name available for percussion related mailings. There are two options - one covers your mailing address, the other covers your e-mail address. If you have not specified your preference, your information will not be shared. PAS only offers this information to Percussion Industry related businesses and educational institutions, and in the case of e-mail addresses, the entity requesting access to send an e-mail to members does not receive any type of list of addresses, rather their e-mail is sent through the PAS web system and addresses are not disclosed at any time.
Your consent
By using our Web site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by pas.org. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
About GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation)
In order to comply with the EU GDPR requirements, effective as of May 25th, 2018, the Percussive Arts Society wants to reassure you that the privacy of your data is one of our top priorities and we are doing everything that we can to preserve it. However, if you feel the need to contact us to remove your data from our systems, you may contact us at percarts@pas.org to request removal and to discuss alternative methods to communicate with you.
Tell us what you think
We welcome your questions and comments about privacy. Please send e-mail to percarts@pas.org.
We hope that you enjoy your time here, and that you will return often to see what we have added. If you experience any problems, or if you would like to send us feedback, please contact us.
Contact Us
Percussive Arts Society
110 W. Washington Street Suite A
Indianapolis, IN 46204
T: (317) 974-4488
F: (317) 974-4499
E: percarts@pas.org
Quick Links
Join
Renew
Newsletter
Donate
Advertise
Our Team
Privacy Policy