http://www.cecartslink.org/privacy_policy.html
Engaging communities through international arts partnerships
Donate
Join our Community
Contact
Search:
About
Our Mission and History
Our Programs
Mobility Declaration
Our Alumni
Press Room
Publications and Multiples
Directors and Advisors
Executive Director's Letter
Supporters
Staff
Contact
Fellowships
Artists, Arts Managers & Organizations from US
Artists, Arts Managers & Organizations from Eligible Countries
Hosting Fellows
Residencies
ArtsLink Residencies
Art Prospect Fellows
Art Prospect Residencies
Back Apartment Residency
Programs
Global Art Lab
Art Prospect
FACE Croatia
Playing Together
inPublic NYC
Past Projects
News
PRIVACY POLICY
This website is owned and operated by CEC ArtsLink, Inc. We recognize that visitors to our site may be concerned about the information they provide to us, and how we treat that information. This Privacy Policy addresses those concerns.
Our Policy
CEC ArtsLink uses its best efforts to respect the privacy of its online visitors. At our site, we do not collect personally identifiable information from individuals unless they provide it to us voluntarily and knowingly. This means we do not require you to register or provide information to us in order to view our site.
CEC ArtsLink only gathers personally identifiable data, such as names, addresses, zip/postal codes, e-mail addresses, etc., when voluntarily submitted by a visitor.
CEC ArtsLink lists are never sold to third parties. We will only share personally identifiable information with third parties when (i) the person submitting the information authorizes us to share it; (ii) sharing the information is a necessary operation of the site, for instance, to process a credit card transaction, or (iii) we are required to by law.
CEC ArtsLink has no control over or responsibility for the data collection and use practices of third parties that process online donation credit card transactions.
Is Credit Card Information Secure?
We care about the safety and security of your transaction. Paypal, the company that processes credit card transactions, uses high grade encryption and security protocols. Contributions may also be made via regular mail.
How Do We Use "Cookies"
Visitors should be aware that non-personal information and data may be automatically collected by CEC ArtsLink’s website through the use of "cookies." "Cookies" are small text files a website can use to recognize repeat visitors, facilitate the visitor’s ongoing access to and use of the site, and allow a site to track usage behavior and compile aggregate data that will allow content improvements. Cookies are not programs that come onto a visitor’s system and damage files. Generally, cookies work by assigning a unique number to the visitor that has no meaning outside the assigning site. If a visitor does not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows the visitor to deny or accept the cookie feature. CEC uses "cookie" technology only to obtain non-personal information from its online visitors in order to improve visitors’ online experience and facilitate their visit within our site.
CEC ArtsLink, Inc
48 Wall Street, Suite 1100, New York, NY 10005
tel: (US) 1-212-643-1985
email: info@cecartslink.org
UI. Rubinshteina 6-1, St Petersburg 191025
tel/fax:
+7-812-315-4558
email: skatz@cecartslink.org
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Donate