http://www.soundssublime.com/privacypolicy.php
Home
About Us
Ingrid Heyn
Katrena Mitchell
The ensemble
Services
Performances
Concert bookings
Hire Sounds Sublime
Discography
Sheet music
Compositions
MIDI & mp3
Coaching
Singing lessons
Gallery
Soundclips
Photo gallery
Compositions
MIDI & mp3 files
Concert programmes
Other
Critiques
Forum
Music
help
The Extra
Links
Guestbook
“If Music Bethe Food of Love...Sing On”
Quick Links
Il Trionfo dei Napoletani5.00 pm Sunday, 5th June
Concert bookingsConcerts
Hire Sounds SublimeHire
PurchasingBuy
Critical acclaimThe critics say...
Singing lessonsLearn singing
Have a song or work composed for youCompositions
Email Sounds SublimeEmail
AddressMail & Phone
Your feedbackGuestbook
News
» The Sounds Sublime site is undergoing extensive upgrades.
Now fully compliant with W3C standards, it will render correctly in
a variety of browsers, and is faster-loading.
» The Sounds Sublime forum has been completely revamped. Join
up to give your feedback or to ask questions.
» Sounds Sublime are currently working on recording another
album. Watch this space for news.
Privacy Policy
Sounds Sublime © believe that you are entitled to your privacy,
and so ensure that any information gathered by this site when you choose to
join the mailing list is used solely to keep you informed of forthcoming Sounds
Sublime concerts or new Sounds Sublime CD releases.
1. Cookies are used to identify you when you log in to the Sounds Sublime
forum, particularly if you have a permanent connection to the internet. You
can disable cookies on your computer - Tools>Internet Options>Advanced
- but we recommend you do this only if you are concerned about your identity
being tracked on other sites. On the Sounds Sublime forum, you may
find that you are automatically logged in when you visit it - cookies are
used for NO OTHER PURPOSE on the forum. The same is true when you visit the
Sounds Sublime shop - the sole purpose of such a cookie is to identify your
purchases, shopping carts, and so on.
2. Sounds Sublime do not sell, give, or distribute in any form your
contact details or any other details about you. Sounds Sublime values
your security and privacy. Sounds Sublime DOES NOT sell mailing lists,
and has no affiliates. Your privacy is assured when you visit this site.
3. When you opt to join the mailing list, you will be asked to provide an
email address and a physical address (which can be a post office box). Sounds
Sublime will send you concert information and new release CD information,
initially by email, and if your email address changes, then by mail. No junk
mail will be sent to you as a result of providing your contact details to
Sounds Sublime, and you can opt out of receiving Sounds Sublime
information at any time. The Sounds Sublime site is updated regularly
to ensure privacy and security from spambots or automatic email collector
bots. Your information is never provided to a third party.
Bookmark this Site
Home    ·    Email    ·    Make
a Booking    ·    Purchasing    ·    Privacy
Policy
© 2006, Sounds Sublime. All rights reserved. ABN: 65 906
462 439
This page was designed by Ingrid Heyn (WebEmpress.com)