https://www.furytriad.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy | Fury Triad
Home
The Books
This Crumbling Pageant
This Crumbling Pageant – Details
This Crumbling Pageant – Sample Chapters
The Dead Shall Live
The Dead Shall Live – Details
The Dead Shall Live – Sample Chapters
Untune the Sky
MJ’s Dys-Daze Cozy Mysteries
The Blog
The Newsletter
About Pooks
Pooks and Her Dys-Brain and the Character Who Stole It From Her
Pooks & Fandom
FAQ [Warning: Facebook Involved]
Prithee & Gramercy Press
For Writers
Privacy Policy
Navigation
Home »
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
I must confess that my pigeons outsource their deliveries, whether they be newsletters or blog entries.
The following privacy notice states what has always been and continues to be policy on this site until further notice; no changes are anticipated in the foreseeable future.*
Privacy Notice
Effective Date:  May 5, 2018
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for Patricia Burroughs and my website; https://www.furytriad.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website, except where stated otherwise. It will notify you of the following:
What information I collect;
With whom it is shared;
How it is secured;
How policy changes will be communicated; and
How to address concerns.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
Short version:
I collect little and share none.
Long version:
I am the sole owner of the information collected on this site.
If you contact me via a form on my website, I will only have your email address.
If you subscribe to my blog, I will only have access to your email address by going into the automated process that sends you blog entries, but it is not something I ordinarily see, nor would I collect your email address to use for a different purpose.
If you sign up for my newsletters I will only have your email address.
Orders
I am in the process of creating a webstore on this site. No info will be collected here. You will follow links to Amazon, to Gumroad, or elsewhere. I will never see any of your information unless specifically noted. [Example: If you purchase an autographed book I would of course have to have an address to mail it to you. To think otherwise would be silly. But again, that information will not be shared or used for any other purpose.]
To be clear: I do not sell, share, give,
bend, spindle, or mutilate your email address
or any other of your information in any fashion
because I am not that kind of girl.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may easily opt out of any future contacts from me at any time. On every newsletter you receive from me you will find a way to unsubscribe at the bottom. On every blog entry you receive via email you will find a way to unsubscribe at the bottom.
Security
Any information you submit to me on this website is encrypted and transmitted in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.
Cookies
WordPress software uses “cookies” on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to improve your experience here.  f you don’t want cookies stored for my site or others, your browser preferences should allow you to make that choice. I certainly don’t mind!
Some of my business partners may use cookies (e.g., Amazon and Gumroad). However, I have no access to or control over these cookies.
I’m told that aboutcookies is a good guide to deleting and controlling cookies if you want to know more.
Links
This web site [furytriad.com] contains links to other sites. Please be aware that I am not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. I encourage you to be aware when you leave my site and to read the privacy statements of any other sites that collect personally identifiable information.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time my site may request information via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
*Notification of Changes
If I have reason to update this Privacy Policy it will be posted on this page. Thus, I advise you to review this page periodically for any changes. Changes will be effective immediately, after they are posted on this page.
If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy,
do not hesitate to contact me via email at pooks at furytriad dot com.
A-D-H-D! Oh! Look! A Mystery! Available now, and readers are raving! This Crumbling Pageant is Only $4.99 Everywhere! My Book ProgressUntune the Sky, Volume Three of The Fury Triad32.2%Revenge of the Killer FlamingosPhase:Writing100%Remember, Remember...Phase:Week 1Due:4 weeks26.4% Random Quote
“I’ve had a perfectly wonderful evening, but this wasn’t it.”
— Groucho Marx
Let My Pigeons Fly This Blog to You
Join 1,731 other subscribers
Email Address
Subscribe
Tickle the Pigeon to Receive the Newsletter My New Magical Addiction!My new addiction--a monthly subscription to Owlcrate and all the fabulous YA Fantasy swag [including an autographed book every month] I can squee over! Click the picture to see for yourself! [This was the February box, all for $29.95 sans postage.] Follow me on TwitterMy Tweets From Goodreads What readers are saying about The Dead Shall Live
Reviews from Goodreads.com
Always have an audiobook with you!
Follow me on TwitterMy Tweets Pigeons love Siteground.
Archives Archives
Select Month
June 2020
March 2020
February 2020
September 2019
August 2019
May 2019
April 2019
March 2019
February 2019
January 2019
December 2018
October 2018
September 2018
July 2018
June 2018
May 2018
April 2018
March 2018
January 2018
December 2017
November 2017
October 2017
September 2017
August 2017
July 2017
June 2017
May 2017
April 2017
March 2017
February 2017
January 2017
October 2015
July 2015
April 2015
May 2014
April 2014
March 2014
August 2013
Looking for Something?
Search for:
CategoriesCategories
Select Category
Anthologies
Awards
Book Bundles
Book Store
Book Trailer
Cover Reveal
Dys-Brain
Facebook
General
MJ’s Dys-Daze Mysteries
Pooks Appearances
Pre-Orders
Public Service Announcements
Revenge of the Killer Flamingos
Short Stories
Tales of the Fury Triad
The Dead Shall Live
The Fury Triad
The Work In Progress
This Crumbling Pageant
Uncategorized
Untune the Sky
What Pooks is Reading
What Pooks Is Writing
World of The Fury Triad
Writing With Passion
Youtube
Tags"We Shall Overcome"
#blackathon
#DiverseReads2017
ADD
A Discovery of the Impostures of Witchcraft and Astrologers
Adrian von Ziegler
Alternate History
Amazon
Baddesley Clinton
Bardán Fury
Ben Aaronovitch
Chrysoula Tzavaelas
Cornwall
Cozy Mystery
Dark YA Fantasy
Debris & Detritus
Diverse Reads
Dys-brain
Dyscalculia
England
Erinyes Manor
Fanfiction
For Writers
Goodreads
Grave Mercy
Harry Potter
Ireland
Music
Patreon
Readathons
Research
Research Trips
Robin LaFevers
Scott Westerfeld
Short Stories
Steampunk
Story Spring Publishing
Tarot
Toni McGee Causey
Troy Books
Word Wenches
Writer Tricks
Writing Process
YA Fantasy
Young Adult
Copyright © 2017 Patricia Burroughs
Designed by
Elegant Themes | Powered by
WordPress
May I Send You My Newsletter?
My pigeons deliver the latest Fury Triad news, sales and contests on an 'occasional' basis.
SUBSCRIBE!
You have Successfully Subscribed!