http://www.manchesterguitartech.co.uk/cookie-policy/
Shop
About my lacquer
Lacquer FAQs
Buy Lacquer
Top coat
Colour
Solid Colours
Clear
Metallics
Semi-opaque
Primer
Sundries
Blog
Finish
Build
Repair
Upgrade
Setup
Electrics
how-to
Setups
Electrics
Repairs
Upgrades
Calculators
Nut calculator
Fret Calculator
Contact Me
£0.00
0
Cookie Policy
This Website may place and access certain Cookies on your computer. Intelligent Artisan Limited uses Cookies to improve your experience of using the Website and to improve our range of products. Intelligent Artisan Limited has carefully chosen these Cookies and has taken steps to ensure that your privacy is protected and respected at all times.
All Cookies used by this Website are used in accordance with current UK and EU Cookie Law.
Before the Website places Cookies on your computer, you will be presented with a message bar requesting your consent to set those Cookies. By giving your consent to the placing of Cookies, you are enabling Intelligent Artisan Limited to provide a better experience and service to you. You may, if you wish, deny consent to the placing of Cookies; however certain features of the Website may not function fully or as intended.
This Website only places strictly necessary cookies These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website, use a shopping cart or make use of e-billing services.
You can choose to enable or disable Cookies in your internet browser. By default, most internet browsers accept Cookies but this can be changed. For further details, please consult the help menu in your internet browser.
You can choose to delete Cookies at any time; however you may lose any information that enables you to access the Website more quickly and efficiently including, but not limited to, personalisation settings.
It is recommended that you ensure that your internet browser is up-to-date and that you consult the help and guidance provided by the developer of your internet browser if you are unsure about adjusting your privacy settings.
As a rule, cookies will make your browsing experience better. However, you may prefer to disable cookies on this site and on others. The most effective way to do this is to disable cookies in your browser. We suggest consulting the Help section of your browser or taking a look at the About Cookies website which offers guidance for all modern browsers.
Leave a Reply Cancel replyYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name *
Email *
Search this site
Search
Shop for Nitrocellulose lacquer
Nitrocellulose lacquer in vintage colours suitable for finishing Fender and Gibson electric guitars.
Buy now Basic TechniquesGrain-filling an ash Telecaster body
More on preparation – sanding sealer and using an index coat
Spraying a Sunburst Stratocaster Body
Finishing an alder Telecaster body in metallic lacquer
Finishing an Ash Telecaster in Butterscotch nitrocellulose lacquer
Spraying a Gibson style TV Yellow finish
Latest repairs
Creating a Candy Apple Red finish
Spraying a Sunburst Stratocaster Body
Making a Mini Firebird
Gibson Les Paul Deluxe Goldtop Refinish
1961 Gibson Les Paul Junior Restoration
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Sandra Robinson ArtSandra Robinson Art
Copyright © 2020 · All Rights Reserved · manchesterguitartech.co.uk
Theme: Adventure v3 by Organic Themes