https://www.woburn.co.uk/cookie-policy/
The Woburn website uses cookies, as detailed below
Cookies
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site. The table below explains the cookies we use and why. We have tried to cover all cookies in the table that we or our technology partners use. Please be aware that there may sometimes be a delay in updating this list. If you do notice any discrepancies, please be sure to let us know.
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. If you do not wish to allow the use of cookies and still wish to browse the website, you can turn off cookies within your browser settings. For information on how to control or delete cookies set by the Woburn website, please visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
Please note that if you do opt to reject cookies, any personalised functionality of this website will not operate correctly.
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Website User Experience Cookies
We use Hotjar to better understand our users’ needs. This enables us to optimize the service we offer you and improve your experience. Hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect data about user behaviour and the device used to visit our websites.
The following data is collected: a device's IP address (which is captured and stored in anonymized form, device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), preferred language used to display our website, how much time you spend on which pages, which links you choose to click, the completion of forms, what our users do and do not like and judging their overall experience on the site.
Hotjar stores this information in a pseudonymized user profile. This means that your personal data is anonymous to us.  Neither Hotjar nor The Bedford Estates will ever use this information to identify individual users or to match it with further data on an individual user. For further details, please see Hotjar’s privacy policy by clicking on this link.
You can opt-out to the creation of a user profile, Hotjar’s storing of data about your usage of our site and Hotjar’s use of tracking cookies on other websites by following this opt-out link.
Social cookies
Our website is integrated with the following social platforms which independently may set cookies on your computer:
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Please note that we do not have any control over how the information in these cookies is used nor do we have access to it. Please refer to the cookie policies of the relevant provider for more information.
YouTube cookies
We embed videos from our official YouTube channel using YouTube's privacy-enhanced mode. This mode may set cookies on your computer once you click on the YouTube video player, but YouTube will not store personally-identifiable cookie information for playbacks of embedded videos using the privacy-enhanced mode. To find out more please visit YouTube's embedding videos information page.
Our websites contain links to other sites, including those of sponsors and advertisers, whose information practices may be different from ours. Sometimes these sites might conduct contests that are promoted on Woburn Enterprises Limited. Visitors should consult these other third party sites' privacy notices, since these sites are not covered by our privacy policy and may follow different procedures.