https://www.iolanipalace.org/information/privacy/
Home
Visit
Virtual Experiences and Resources
Hours
Tours & Admission
Docent-Led Tours
Self-led Audio Tours
Chamberlain’s Tour
Hawaii’s Royal Connection to Japan
Royal Legacy Tour
Basement Gallery Exhibits
Kamaaina Sundays
Location, Directions & Parking
Palace Shop
Accessibility
About
History
A Place For Royalty
Queen’s Imprisonment
Restoration Of The Palace
The Palace
Grand Hall
Throne Room
Blue Room
State Dining Room
Music Room
Imprisonment Room
Queen’s Room
King’s Room
King’s Office
Palace Grounds
Gate Entrances
Keliiponi Hale: The Coronation Pavilion
The Sacred Mound
Hale Koa: Iolani Barracks
Kanaina Building: Old Archives
Mission, Vision & Values
Join/Support
The Friends Of Iolani Palace
FOIP Newsletters
Donors
Members
Ways to Support
Membership
Donate
Individual Giving Form
Business Giving
Volunteer
Docents
Palace Shop
Partnerships
Palace Collections
Tableware, Glassware & Silver
Works On Paper
Furniture
Military Accessories
Royal Orders
Other Collection Items
Historic Photos
Most Wanted Items
Identifying Marks
Success Stories
Curatorial & Archive Services
Digital Collection
Education
Keiki and Ohana Activities
Virtual Experiences and Resources
School Tours
Docents
Kaana Ike Spotlight Talks
Na Moolelo Lecture Series
Events
All Upcoming Events
Kaana Ike Spotlight Talks
Na Moolelo Lecture Series
Guardian Training on Kamaaina Sundays
Royal Hawaiian Band Concerts
Classes At The Palace
Venue Planning & Rentals
Facilities & Ground Use
The Barracks (Halekoa)
Barracks Lawn
Coronation Pavilion & Lawn
Banyan Terrace
Kanaina Building
Check Availability
Contact
Job Opportunities
Internship Opportunities
Info
Links of Interest
Media
Press & News Room
Press Releases
In The News
Hawaiian Language
Copyright
Privacy
Photography & Videography
Privacy
Iolani Palace > Information > Privacy
Privacy
Iolani Palace Website Privacy StatementThank you for visiting this website and for reviewing this Privacy Statement. We want to protect your privacy and provide a safe online experience.
The policy described here pertains only to this website and should not be construed as a comprehensive policy to be applied to any non-Internet information-gathering activities by The Friends of Iolani Palace such as those pertaining to membership recordkeeping, non-email correspondence, etc. Information about those activities will be provided as required and on request.
Personal Information
No personal information about you is collected via this website unless you explicitly choose to provide it to us. We won't exchange or release any personal information that you have given to us to parties outside The Friends' organization without your consent. Once we obtain your consent, we consider it valid until you revoke it.
Information Collected Automatically
When you visit this website, we may automatically collect and store the following information about your visit so we can understand how our website is being used and learn how to improve it:
Access date and time
Browser and operating system used to access
Referrer domain (page from which you accessed this site)
Pages and links visited within the site
Use of Cookies
Browsers provide for creation of small text files called "cookies" which, if you allow their use, store small amounts of data on your computer when you visit a website. We will never store any cookies that contain any personally identifiable information about you. Any cookies we might store could not be used to identify you personally. We would only use them to determine what kind of offers to provide on a given visit to the site based information stored about your previous visits. You can set your browser to accept or decline cookies. If you set your browser to decline cookies, it will not affect the information provided to you at this website.
Linking to Other Sites
When you link to a non-Friends of Iolani Palace website either by jumping to it from a link on The Friends' site or by expressly navigating out of The Friends' site, the privacy policy described for this site no longer applies and you are subject to the policy of the new site.
Privacy Policy Changes
We will update this policy as necessary to keep it accurate and complete. Check the Privacy Policy when you visit this site to be sure you are aware of and understand the current policies. If we make material changes to the policy or in how we collect and/or use your information, we will post the changes prior implementing them.
×
Your ticket for the: Privacy
Title
Privacy
USD
Close
Print