http://www.istd.org/gdpr-and-privacy
Dance
Dance Genres
Teach
Discover
Join
Partner
Examinations
Login to Account
Contact
Shop
Advertise
Document Library
Go Back
Dance Overview
Benefits of Dance
Dance Genres
Events & Courses
Find an ISTD Teacher
Cecchetti Classical Ballet
Classical Indian Dance
Contemporary Dance
Disco, Freestyle & Rock 'n' Roll
Classical Greek
Imperial Classical Ballet
Latin American
Modern Ballroom
Modern Theatre
National
Sequence
Tap Dance
Street
Teach Overview
Progression Routes
Teaching Qualifications
Bursaries & Funding
How to Become a Tutor
Approved Dance Centres
Discover Overview
Our History
Our Governance
Our People
Our Dance Genres
Dance Magazine
News
Job Vacancies
Join Overview
Membership Benefits
Membership Enrolment
Membership Resources
Membership Types
Rejoin
Renew Membership
Partner Overview
Become a Corporate Partner
Become an Approved Dance Centre
Become an ISTD Exam Centre
Current Partners
Examinations
Examinations Structure
DanceSport Syllabus Outlines
Theatre Syllabus Outlines
My Details
Dance Teacher Profile
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy will explain how the Imperial Society of Teachers of Dancing (the Society) uses the personal data we collect from you.
Website
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Cookies
The Society uses cookies in a range of ways to improve your experience on our website, including:Keeping you signed inUnderstanding how you use our websiteA cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used and this help us understand what web pages are useful and important to our visitors. This helps us improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites that provide our members with essential services and products; including Imperial Society of Teacher of Dancing owned domains Find A Dance Teacher, and the ISTD Shop and partner sites Quest, Totara, and Iplicit -  which members may access during the course of their membership.Our website may also contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide while visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:Whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposesIf you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at membership@istd.orgWe will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
Marketing
The Society would like to send you information about products, services, events and activities, of ours and approved partners that we think you might like.If you have agreed to receive marketing, you may always opt out at a later date.You have the right at any time to stop the Society from contacting you for marketing purposes.If you no longer wish to be contacted for marketing purposes, please email membership@istd.org
Members; current and prospective
Membership applicants are asked to complete an application form, providing name and address, nationality, date of birth, email and phone number. You will also be asked to confirm your communication preferences.If opting to pay your membership fees by Direct Debit, then you will be asked to provide bank account details. Online Direct Debits mandates are processed by Rapidata, a Bacs Approved Bureau.Your membership will be stored in the Imperial Society of Teachers of Dancing Database, only accessible to members of the Membership and Communications Directorate.This information will be used for managing your membership including sending renewal reminders and delivery of membership benefits such as Dance magazine, membership newsletters and information about training and events. Your paper application will be securely stored for seven years, after which it will be destroyed. Your membership records on our database will be retained for the duration of your membership and for a period of 2 years after your membership expires. After-which it will be deleted. Prospective members; applications that have not been completed and made active after three months will be destroyed.
Subscriber to Dance Magazine
Your subscription information will be stored in the Imperial Society of Teachers of Dancing Database, only accessible to members of the Membership and Communications Directorate.This information will be used for managing your subscription including sending renewal reminders and delivery of Dance magazine. Your subscription records on our database will be retained for the duration of your subscription and for a period of 2 years after your subscription expires.
Advertiser
Your advertising information will be stored by the Imperial Society of Teachers of Dancing, only accessible to members of the Membership and Communications Directorate and Finance Department.This information will be used for managing your advertising and payments.
Use of data processors
Data processors are third parties who deliver elements of our operations for us. We have contracts in place with our data processors. This means that they cannot do anything with your personal information unless we have instructed them to do it. They will not share your personal information with any organisation apart from us. They will hold it securely and retain it for the period we instruct.The Society uses CRM provider WorkBooks.com for all membership and shop management operations, Data is secured in accordance with the international standard ISO/IEC 27001The Society uses Rapidata for the management and processing of Direct Debits for the membership subscription. https://rapidataservices.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/06/Data-Protection-Policy-v.2.0-web.pdfThe Society uses Constant Contact, part of the Endurance International Group Inc –  to send out enewsletters to members and non members. Constant Contact is based in the United States, but is a signatory to the EU/US Privacy Shield agreement to ensure that your data is treated in accordance with EU-approved Data Protection.Survey Monkey – send surveys to members. SurveyMonkey is based in the United States, but is a signatory to the EU/US Privacy Shield agreement.NetConstruct provide website hosting solutions via Kentico platform for the ISTD.org and Netextra hosts the online shop and DanceTeachers.org. The Soceity uses Eventbrite to manage event ticket sales. Eventbrite is based in the US and they participate in and comply with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework regarding the collection, use, and retention of Personal Data (defined in Section 2.1) transferred from European Economic Area ("EEA") member countries, Switzerland and the United Kingdom (UK) to the United States. The Society uses approved external mailing houses based in the UK to deliver Dance Magazine and membership mailings and shop items.World Pay (UK) Ltd for payment processing and ISTD operates in compliance with the Payment Card Industry (PCI) standards.
Job applicants and employees
The Society is the data controller for the information you provide during a job application process, and during your employment.  What will we do with the information you provide to us?All of the information you provide during the process will only be used for the purpose of progressing your application, or to fulfil legal or regulatory requirements if necessary.We will not share any of the information you provide during the recruitment process with any third parties for marketing purposes or store any of your information outside of the European Economic Area. The information you provide will be held securely by us and/or our data processors whether the information is in electronic or physical format.We will use the contact details you provide to us to contact you to progress your application. We will use the other information you provide to assess your suitability for the role you have applied for.What information do we ask for and why?We do not collect more information than we need to fulfil our stated purposes and will not retain it for longer than is necessary.The information we ask for is used to assess your suitability for employment. You don’t have to provide what we ask for but it might affect your application if you don’t. Application stageWe ask you for your personal details including name and contact details. We will also ask you about your previous experience, education, referees and for answers to questions relevant to the role you have applied for. Our recruitment team will have access to all of this information.You may be asked to provide equal opportunities information. This is not mandatory information – if you don’t provide it, it will not affect your application. This information will not be made available to any staff outside of our recruitment team, including hiring managers, in a way which can identify you. Any information you do provide, will be used only to produce and monitor equal opportunities statistics.If you are unsuccessful following assessment for the position you have applied for, we may ask if you would like your details to be retained in our talent pool for a period of six months. If you say yes, we would proactively contact you should any further suitable vacancies arise.Conditional offerIf we make a conditional offer of employment we will ask you for information so that we can carry out pre-employment checks. You must successfully complete pre-employment checks to progress to a final offer. We are required to confirm the identity of our staff, their right to work in the United Kingdom or relevant international post and seek assurance as to their trustworthiness, integrity and reliability.You will therefore be required to provide:Proof of your identity – you will be asked to attend our office with original documents, we will take copies.Proof of your qualifications – you will be asked to attend our office with original documents, we will take copies.We will contact your referees, using the details you provide in your application, directly to obtain references If we make a final offer, we will also ask you for the following:Bank details – to process salary paymentsEmergency contact details – so we know who to contact in case you have an emergency at workWe will also ask you to complete a questionnaire about your health. This is to establish if we need to make any workplace adaptations or adjustments, for you to carry out your role.Use of data processorsData processors are third parties who provide elements of our recruitment service for us. We have contracts in place with our data processors. This means that they cannot do anything with your personal information unless we have instructed them to do it. They will not share your personal information with any organisation apart from us. They will hold it securely and retain it for the period we instruct.HR Payroll If you are employed by the Society, relevant details about you will be provided to our approved suppliers who provide payroll services to us. This will include your name, bank details, address, date of birth, national insurance number and salary.If you are successful, the information you provide during the application process will be retained by us as part of your employee file for the duration of your employment plus six years following the end of your employment. This includes your fitness to work, records of any security checks and references. Information provided to pension providers will be stored for as long as a fund exists.As an employee of the Society, relevant details about you will be provided to a number of data-processors in the course of delivering employee benefits such as pension savings. A full list of data-processors is available on request.
Your data protection rights
The Imperial Society of Teachers of Dancing would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights. Every user is entitled to the following:The right to access – You have the right to request the Society for copies of your personal data.The right to rectification – You have the right to request that the Society correct any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request the Society to complete the information you believe is incomplete.The right to erasure – You have the right to request that the Society erase your personal data, under certain conditions.The right to restrict processing – You have the right to request that the Society restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.The right to object to processing – You have the right to object to the Society processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.The right to data portability – You have the right to request that the Society transfer the data that we have collected to another organisation, or directly to you, under certain conditions.If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at our email:email us at: kstephenson@istd.orgOr write to us: Keith Stephenson, Data Controller at The Imperial Society of Dance Teachers,  22/26 Paul Street, London EC2A 4QE.
We use cookies on this website to improve your experience – find out more about what they are in our privacy policy gdpr-and-privacy
Accept