https://www.photocompetitions.com/privacy-policy/
Advertise
List a Competition
Cart
0 Items
Privacy Policy
It is Photo Competitions’ policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Photo Competitions collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Photo Competitions’ purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Photo Competitions’ visitors use its website. From time to time, Photo Competitions may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends on the usage of its website. Photo Competitions also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on the website. Photo Competitions only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the website.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to the Photo Competitions website choose to interact with Photo Competitions in ways that require Photo Competitions to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Photo Competitions gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for an account to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Photo Competitions are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Photo Competitions collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfil the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Photo Competitions. Photo Competitions does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Photo Competitions may collect statistics about the behaviour of visitors to its website. Photo Competitions may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Photo Competitions does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Photo Competitions discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organisations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Photo Competitions’ behalf or to provide services available at Photo Competitions’ website, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organisations may be located outside of your home country; by using Photo Competitions’ website, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Photo Competitions will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone, other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organisations, as described above. Photo Competitions discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Photo Competitions believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Photo Competitions, third parties or the public at large. Photo Competition will gain your explicit opt-in consent to send you emails about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with Photo Competitions and our products. It is possible to opt-out of these emails at any time. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Photo Competitions takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorised access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Photo Competitions uses cookies to help Photo Competitions identify and track visitors, their usage of the Photo Competitions website, and their website access preferences. Photo Competitions visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Photo Competitions’ website, with the drawback that certain features of the website may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Photo Competitions, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Photo Competitions goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Photo Competitions may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Advertising
Ads appearing on the Photo Competitions website may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognise your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Photo Competitions and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Photo Competitions may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and at Photo Competitions’ sole discretion. Photo Competitions encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Pin It on Pinterest