http://www.bostonsingersresource.com/terms-of-use
Skip to main content
Home Terms of UseTerms of Use
Updated June,  2013Introduction; Consent to TermsPlease read these Terms of Use before using BostonSingersResource.org or any features of this site (collectively, the "BSR Website" or "Service"). By using the Service, you agree to be bound by these terms of use. If you do not agree to these terms of use, please exit the Service. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to modify, add or delete portions of these terms at any time by posting updated terms of use on the BSR Website. Please check these terms frequently for updates. Any modifications, additions or deletions to these terms shall be effective immediately upon posting of updated terms of use. Your continued use of the Service following the posting of updated terms of use will mean that you agree to those changes.MembershipBoston Singers’ Resource does not discriminate on the basis of race, age, color, religion, national origin or ancestry, sex, gender, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression. Any individual may become a free or paid member of Boston Singers’ Resource and may remain so as long as they abide by the BSR Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.  BSR reserves the right to remove any individual or group from free or paid membership who does not abide by the BSR Terms of Service or Privacy Policy.  BSR reserves the right to remove information posted by any individual or group that does not support the rules, laws and guidelines outlined in the BSR Terms of Service and Privacy PolicyCopyrightsThe contents of the BSR Website are protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. You may not reproduce, distribute, transmit, display, prepare derivative works, or perform any copyrighted material on the BSR Website without the prior written consent of Boston Singers’ Resource, except as provided below. You may copy and print a limited amount of content for your personal, non-commercial use only, provided that you include all copyright and other notices contained in the content and that you do not modify the content. Any other use of BSR content requires prior written permission from BSR. For permission requests, email info@BostonSingersResource.org User Content and SubmissionsAny content posted or otherwise submitted by you shall be subject to our Terms of Use.You are solely responsible for all content that you upload, post, transmit, or otherwise make available on the Web site. BSR does not control the content posted by you or others on the Web site, and as such, does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of such content.You agree that you must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with, the use of any content, and that you may not rely on said content. BSR will not be liable for any content, or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any made available in any manner through the Web site.You agree that you, or any content that you submit will not:Contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, obscene, or abusive material;Harm minors in any way;Impersonate any person or entity, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent our affiliation with a person or entity;Contain any content that infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other personal or proprietary rights of any party;Contain any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment; disrupt the normal flow of dialogue;Interfere with or disrupt the Web site or any servers or networks connected to the Web site, "stalk" or otherwise harass another person or entity;Or collect or store personal data about other users.BSR acts as a passive conduit for the online distribution and publication of user content. We do not pre-screen or monitor content, and have no obligation to do so, but you acknowledge that we reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to edit, refuse to post, or remove any material submitted to or posted on the Web site. BSR may take such action with respect to user content that it deems necessary or appropriate if it believes that the content could create liability for BSR or damage BSR’s brand or public image. Without limiting the foregoing, BSR and its designees shall have the right to remove any content that violates the Terms of Use or is otherwise objectionable.You acknowledge and agree that BSR may retain content and may also disclose content if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such retention or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process; (b) enforce the Terms of Use; (c) respond to claims that any content violates the rights of third parties; or (d) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of BSR, its users and the public.FramingBoston Singers’ Resource does not allow framing of its Websites.Links to Boston Singers’ Resource Website pagesBoston Singers’ Resource encourages and permits links to content on BSR Website pages. However, the linking should not (a) suggest that Boston Singers’ Resource promotes or endorses any third party's causes, ideas, Websites, products or services, or (b) use Boston Singers’ Resource content for inappropriate commercial purposes. We reserve the right to withdraw permission for any link.Links to Third Party SitesBoston Singers’ Resource has provided links to Internet sites maintained by third parties, over which Boston Singers’ Resource has no control. Boston Singers’ Resource does not endorse the content, operators, products or services of such sites, and Boston Singers’ Resource is not responsible or liable for the content, operators, availability, accuracy, quality, advertising, products, services or other materials on or available from such sites. Boston Singers’ Resource shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, products or services available on or through such sites.DisclaimerTHE SERVICE AND ANY PRODUCTS SOLD ON OR THROUGH THE SERVICE ARE AVAILABLE ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF TITLE OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. BOSTON SINGERS’ RESOURCE DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE. NOR DOES BOSTON SINGERS’ RESOURCE MAKE ANY WARRANTIES AS TO THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM USE OF THE SERVICE OR AS TO THE ACCURACY, RELIABILITY OR CONTENT OF ANY INFORMATION, SERVICE, PRODUCTS, OPINIONS, OR STATEMENTS AVAILABLE ON OR THROUGH THE SERVICE OR THROUGH LINKS ON THE SERVICE. USE OF THIS SERVICE IS ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN RISK.LIMITATION OF LIABILITYIN NO EVENT WILL BOSTON SINGERS’ RESOURCE, ITS DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES OR MEMBERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICE OR RELATING TO ANY PRODUCTS SOLD ON OR THROUGH THE SERVICE. IN NO EVENT WILL BOSTON SINGERS’ RESOURCE, ITS DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES OR MEMBERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY AMOUNT IN EXCESS OF $100.Online ShoppingIn the event a product available on or through the Boston Singers’ Resource store is listed at an incorrect price or with incorrect information, Boston Singers’ Resource will have the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. Your receipt of an electronic or other form of order confirmation does not signify Boston Singers’ Resource's acceptance of your order, nor does it constitute confirmation of Boston Singers’ Resource's offer to sell. Boston Singers’ Resource reserves the right at any time after receipt of your order to accept or decline your order for any reason. Boston Singers’ Resource may charge and withhold the applicable sales tax for orders. Otherwise, you are solely responsible for all sales taxes, or other taxes, on orders shipped to you.Copyright InfringementBoston Singers’ Resource respects the intellectual property rights of others. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide the following information in writing to Boston Singers’ Resource:a physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright.a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed.description of the material that you claim to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information sufficient to permit us to locate the material.information so that we can contact you, such as address, telephone number and e-mail address.a statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.a statement that the information in the notification is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that you are the copyright owner or are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of a copyright that is allegedly infringed.BOSTON SINGERS’ RESOURCE can be reached as follows:Boston Singers’ ResourceP.O. Box 51832Boston, MA 02205info@BostonSingersResource.org International UsersThe Service is controlled and operated within the United States. Boston Singers’ Resource makes no representation that content, materials or products available on or through the Service are appropriate or available for use outside of the United States. If you access the Service from a location outside the United States, you are responsible for compliance with applicable laws, including U.S. export laws and regulations.MiscellaneousThese terms of use, together with the Privacy Policy, represent the entire understanding of the parties regarding the use of the BSR Website and supersede any previous documents, correspondence, conversations, or other oral or written understanding related to these terms of use. These terms of use shall be governed by and construed under Commonwealth of Massachusetts law without regard to its choice of law rules, and, where applicable, the laws of the United States. To the extent permissible by law, any disputes under these terms of use or relating to the Service shall be litigated in the local or Federal courts located, and you hereby consent to personal jurisdiction and venue, in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. A modification or waiver of a part of these terms of use shall not constitute a waiver or modification of any other portion of the terms of use. If for any reason any provision of these terms of use is found unenforceable, that provision will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible, and the remainder of the terms of use will continue in full force and effect.For more information regarding use of the Site, Site content and personal information, please read our  Privacy Policy.QuestionsIf you have any questions about the terms of use, please contact us at info@BostonSingersResource.org