http://www.ebookinterviews.com/privacy.html
Welcome
Welcome to EBookInterviews.com the site where you get to meet eBook
authors, and read their own words their eBook publishing projects.
(Answers 2000 Limited conducts these interviews online, using e-mail etc.)
Featured Interviews
Bob McElwain
Helping web sites succeed
Brian Cook
Helping songwriters get published
Harvey Segal
An unusual twist on Internet marketing eBooks
Jan Tallent-Dandridge
Addicted to digital downloads
Kathy Sparks
Virtual Assistant breaks into e-book publishing
Les Doll
RV technician shares his passion
Mark Mcrae
Self-taught e-book author - and top of his class
Michael Southon
When ezine publishing met eBooks
Richard Grady
16 years in corporate finance, now working for himself
Theodore Hansson
Selling mortgage eBooks
Tom Glander
Teaching people to get more from their computers
William Teunis
Teaching CGI programming
Your Comments
Please post any comments that you have:
Important Notices:
Opinions expressed by the interviewees are their own opinions, and
not necessarily those of our company (Answers 2000 Limited).
A number of the interviewees who appear on this site,
are users of products/services produced by our company
- please note that their opinions, experiences and results, are not
necessarily typical. Their experiences and results may differ from those of
typical users, or from yours.
With any business, it is up to the individual owner of said business to ensure the success of the business. You may make more or less than any sample figures or results that might be quoted on our web sites or other publications. All business involves risk, and many businesses do not succeed. Further, Answers 2000 Limited does NOT represent that any particular individual or business is typical, or that any results or experiences achieved by any particular individual/business is necessarily typical.
Home: eBook Interviews
Other Sites about eBooks
EBookApprentice.com
Learn about eBook publishing
EBookCompiler.com
Software to create your own eBooks
CoverFactory.com
Create your own eBook Covers
EBookPower.com
Add multimedia to your eBooks
EBookFriends.com
Discuss eBooks
EBookCode.com
Free scripting and HTML design tips
EBookSubmit.com
Learn about eBook marketing
EBookJungle.com
Searchable directory of eBooks
Related Links
Affiliate Programs
Affiliate Marketing Downloads
Affiliate Marketing eBooks
Affiliate Program Reviews
eBook Authoring
eBook Authoring Downloads
eBooks for eBook Authors
eBook Compiler Software
eBook Cover Creation
eBook Cover Software
Marketing
Ezine Guide
Increase Website Traffic
Internet Marketing Guide
Internet Marketing Help
Press Release Guide
Search Engines
SEO Guide
SEO Tools
Your Site
Adobe Dreamweaver
Adobe Dreamweaver Tutorials
Accept Credit Cards
Domain Names
Web Design eBooks
Web Design Tools
Web Hosting
Web Hosting Directory
Webmaster Tools Directory
†Disclosure:
Advertising Link(s): Our company may receive a payment if you purchase a product/service after following
this link.
Disclosure:
Our company's websites' content (including this website's content) includes advertisements for
our own company's websites, products, and services,
and for other organization's websites, products, and services.
In the case of links to other organization's websites,
our company may receive a payment, (1) if you purchase products or services,
or (2) if you sign-up for third party offers, after following links from this website.
Unless specifically otherwise stated, information about other organization's products and services,
is based on information provided by that organization,
the product/service vendor, and/or publicly available information - and should
not be taken to mean that we have used the product/service in question.
Additionally, our company's websites contain some adverts which we are paid
to display, but whose content is not selected by us, such as Google AdSense ads. For more
detailed information, please see Advertising/Endorsements Disclosures
Our sites use cookies, some of which may already be set on your computer. Use of our site
constitutes consent for this. For details, please see Privacy.
Click privacy for information about our company's privacy, data collection and data retention policies, and your rights.
Contact Us
About/Terms Of Use
Privacy
Site Map
Advertising/Endorsements Disclosures
Copyright © 2001-2020, Answers 2000 Limited
In Association With Amazon.com
Answers 2000 Limited is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com.
In Association With Amazon.co.uk
Answers 2000 Limited is a participant in the Amazon EU Associates Programme, an affiliate advertising programme designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.co.uk.
As an Amazon Associate, our company earns from qualifying purchases. Amazon, the Amazon logo, Endless, and the Endless logo are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates.
CERTAIN CONTENT THAT APPEARS ON THIS SITE COMES FROM AMAZON SERVICES LLC. THIS CONTENT IS PROVIDED \'AS IS\' AND IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE OR REMOVAL AT ANY TIME.
CERTAIN CONTENT THAT APPEARS ON THIS SITE,COMES FROM AMAZON EU S.à r.l. THIS CONTENT IS PROVIDED \'AS IS\' AND IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE OR REMOVAL AT ANY TIME.
All trademarks are property of their respective owners.
All third party content and adverts are copyright of their respective owners.