https://www.chesapeakeshakespeare.com/website-terms-and-conditions/
Skip to content
Website Terms and Conditions
By accessing this website you accept these terms and conditions in full. Do not continue to use this website if you do not accept all of the terms and conditions stated on this page.
1. Terminology
“We,” “our,” and “us” refer to Chesapeake Shakespeare Company. “You” and “your” refer to the person accessing this website.
2. Cookies
This website employs cookies. By using this website you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with Chesapeake Shakespeare Company’s privacy policy.
3. License
Unless otherwise stated, we and/or our licensors own the intellectual property rights for all material on this website. All intellectual property rights are reserved. You may view and/or print pages from this website for your own personal use subject to restrictions set in these terms and conditions.
You may not:
Republish material from this website;
Sell, rent or sub-license material from this website;
Reproduce, duplicate, or copy material from this website; or
Redistribute content from this website (unless content is specifically made for redistribution).
4. User Comments
Certain parts of this website may offer the opportunity for users to post and exchange opinions, information, material, and data (“comments”). We do not screen, edit, publish, or review comments prior to their appearance on the website and comments do not reflect the views or opinions of Chesapeake Shakespeare Company, our agents, or our affiliates. Comments solely reflect the view and opinion of the person who posts such view or opinion. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we shall not be responsible or liable for comments or for any loss cost, liability, damages, or expenses caused and/or suffered as a result of any use of and/or posting of and/or appearance of comments on this website. We reserve the right to monitor all comments and to remove any comments which we consider in our sole discretion to be inappropriate, offensive, or otherwise in breach of these terms and conditions.
By posting any comment you warrant and represent that:
You are entitled to post the comment on our website and have all necessary licenses and consents to do so;
The comment does not infringe any intellectual property right, including without limitation copyright, patent, or trademark, or other proprietary right of any third party;
The comment does not contain any defamatory, libelous, offensive, indecent, or otherwise unlawful material or material which is an invasion of privacy; and
The comment will not be used to solicit or promote business or custom or present commercial activities or unlawful activity.
You hereby grant to Chesapeake Shakespeare Company a perpetual, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use, reproduce, edit, and authorize others to use, reproduce, and edit any of your comments in any and all forms, formats, or media.
5. Accuracy and Currency
Whilst we endeavor to ensure that the information on this website is correct, we do not warrant its completeness or accuracy, nor do we commit to ensuring that the website remains available or that the material on the website is kept up to date.
6. Disclaimer
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we exclude all representations, warranties, and conditions relating to this website and its use (including, without limitation, any warranties implied by law in respect of satisfactory quality, fitness for purpose, and/or the use of reasonable care and skill). Nothing in this disclaimer will:
limit or exclude our or your liability for death or personal injury resulting from negligence;
limit or exclude our or your liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation;
limit any of our or your liabilities in any way that is not permitted under applicable law; or
exclude any of our or your liabilities that may not be excluded under applicable law.
The limitations and exclusions of liability set out herein are subject to the preceding paragraph and govern all liabilities arising under the disclaimer or in relation to the subject matter of this disclaimer, including liabilities arising in contract, in tort (including negligence) and for breach of statutory duty. To the extent that the website and the information and services on the website are provided free of charge, we will not be liable for any loss or damage of any nature.
Scroll To Top