http://www.orionensemble.org/terms
Terms of UseBy entering and using the Website you are deemed to have read and accepted these Terms of Use. If you do not accept
these Terms of Use or any part of them, you should not use the Website.Orion Ensemble (hereafter referred to as OE) may modify these Terms of Use from time to time. Your continued use of
this website (or any of OE’s other websites) following such change demonstrates your agreement to be bound by
the modified Terms of Use.We will highlight any changes we make to the Terms of Use but we advise you to check the Terms of Use often. If you
do not agree to any change to the Terms of Use, then you must immediately stop using the OE websites.These terms of use apply exclusively to the Website and OE accepts no responsibility for how your personal
information is treated once you leave it. 1. Accuracy of ContentOE makes every effort to ensure that the content of the Website is accurate and up-to-date, but OE does not offer any
warranties (whether express implied or otherwise) as to the reliability, accuracy or completeness of the information
appearing on the Website.OE may remove material from the Website at its own discretion and without giving any notice. 2. Intellectual PropertyYou acknowledge and agree that all copyright, trademarks and other intellectual property rights in the Website
content, software and all HTML and other code contained in this Website, shall remain at all times vested in OE and/or
its licensors and is protected by copyright and other laws and international treaty provisions. Any other trademark
remains the property of its respective owner(s).Users may not modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, redistribute, reproduce, publish, license, commercially
exploit, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell any material which may be displayed on the Website from time
to time without first obtaining permission to do so from OE in writing.The Website and its contents are copyright material and the copyright is owned by OE unless stated otherwise. Without
limiting the foregoing, copying the above listed materials to any other server or location for publication,
reproduction or distribution is expressly prohibited.Generally speaking, trademarks appearing on the Website are either owned by OE or OE has obtained limited use
permission from the trademark owner to use the trademark on the Website. Any other third party trademarks remain the
property of their respective owners.If you wish to obtain permission to make use of any of the trademarks or other material that may be displayed on the
Website from time to time please contact us. OE shall not be responsible for seeking any
additional authorization required for third party use of any trademark not owned by or licensed to OE for such use.3. Prohibition on Commercial Use of Website ContentYou are permitted to use the material that is displayed on the Website from time to time only as expressly authorised
by OE or its licensors.This Website is intended to provide information relating to OE concerns and the Website is designed for personal,
non-commercial use only.Users may not use this Website, or any of the material appearing on the Website from time to time to further any
commercial purpose, including (but not limited to) advertising or to promote or generate activity on any other
website.4. LinkingOE may from time to time include links on this Website to other websites or resources operated by parties other than
OE. These linkc are provided for the convenience of users and OE is not responsible for the availability of such
external websites or resources, does not endorse or accept responsibility for the content of such external websites or
resources and has no responsibility for or control over the privacy policy (if any) of the operators of the external
websites.You are advised to check the terms and conditions of use and the privacy policies of these external websites before
entering or making use of them.If you wish to create a hyperlink to this Website or to any other website operated or maintained by OE
please contact us . OE generally welcomes links to its websites. However by so
linking, you agree that OE may require the link to be removed if, in OE’s sole opinion, any aspect of the
linking website, its content or any other matter relating to the link is objectionable to OE.5. Limitation of LiabilityThe Internet is by its nature an unreliable medium. Consequently, you accept that this Website is offered on
an “as is” and “as available” basis.OE takes all reasonable steps to ensure that the Website is properly functioning at all times but OE does not warrant
that this Website will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that this
Website or the server that makes it available are free of software viruses or bugs or other defects.By accepting these Terms of Use, you accept that OE cannot be liable to you for any loss or damage you suffer as a
result of visiting this Website or making use of the information available on the Website. You must take your own
precautions (including but not limited to installing adequate protective measures to guard against software viruses
and ensuring that you retain up-to-date copies of all data) to protect yourself against loss or damage.OE is in association and/or affiliation with other companies and organizations. However, OE is not liable for the
actions of any individual associate or affiliate company or organization, nor is any individual associate or affiliate
company or organization liable for the actions of OE.6. Privacy PolicyOE knows that you care how information about you is used and shared and it is careful to ensure that any such
information that comes into its possession is properly looked after. This Privacy Policy sets out the steps that we
take to ensure that any information provided to us is kept secure and confidential and is used only for the purposes
for which it is provided.Personal InformationThe only personal information that we will collect is the personal information that you provide to us when you
register with us or when you communicate with us through our website. We will at any time, at your request, provide
you with a copy of any personal information that we are holding about you.Purposes for which Personal Information may be usedAny personal information that you provide to us will be used only for the following purposes:To provide information or services to you as requested by you.To let you know about information and services from OE in which you may be interested.For internal review.To improve the content of the website.To customise the content and /or layout of the website for each individual user.To notify users about updates to the website.Do compile and disclose statistics about our users and their preferences. However, these statistics are anonymous
and do not identify individual users.DisclosureWe will not pass any of your personal information to any third party, other than members of OE, without your
consent.Marketing and AdvertisingYour personal contact information will never be given, sold, or otherwise shared by OE with third parties for
advertising or marketing purposes.Additional Forms and e-mailsWe may ask you to provide more information after you register to obtain additional services and information or to
resolve complaints or concerns.Protection of InformationWe have implemented technology safeguards, security policies and other measures to protect data under our control
from unauthorized access, improper use, alteration, unlawful or accidental destruction or accidental loss. We also
protect your information by requiring that all our employees and others who have access to or are associated with the
processing of your data to respect your confidentiality.Changes to our Privacy PolicyIf we decide to change our Privacy Policy we will post the changes here. However, if we make material changes to the
way we use your personal information we will ask for your consent before we do so.