http://www.theatreinthepark.org/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Innovative Theatre ChallengeINFOEducationSupport UsAboutContactArchive
Navigation
X Close
Innovative Theatre ChallengeINFO
Seeing A Show At TIP
BOX OFFICE - Buy Stuff!
TICKET CENTRAL - print or see stuff you already bought!
EducationSupport Us
Donate Online Now!
Our Generous Donors
SPONSORSHIP Opportunities
Presenting Sponsors
About
Alumni Archive
Fact Sheet
History
Theatre Rental Information
Pavilion Rental Information
Theatre & Stage Specs
Privacy Policy
ContactArchive
Shopping Cart
Seeing A Show At TIPBOX OFFICE - Buy Stuff!TICKET CENTRAL - print or see stuff you already bought!
Donate Online Now!Our Generous DonorsSPONSORSHIP OpportunitiesPresenting Sponsors
Alumni ArchiveFact SheetHistoryTheatre Rental InformationPavilion Rental InformationTheatre & Stage SpecsPrivacy Policy
Collection and Use of Information
Johnson County Park and Recreation District is the sole owner of information collected on the theatreinthepark.org web site.  We will not sell or rent this information to outside parties, other than to share this information with our business partners (e.g. third-party service providers) to the extent necessary to process patron orders or newsletter subscription requests. Information collected includes your name, email address, phone number, billing address, and payment information, such as your credit card number.
Email Address Collection and Usage
Email addresses collected on the the theatreinthepark.org web site will be used solely for the purposes of sending you a receipt for any purchases made on this web site, to authenticate your identity if you need to re-print your purchased tickets at a later date, and for opt-in newsletter subscription requests.  Completing a purchase on the theatreinthepark.org web site will opt-in your email address to the Theatre In The Park (TIP) e-newsletter.  In compliance with the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003, you may easily and quickly opt-out of the TIP e-newsletter at anytime by clicking the "unsubscribe" or "remove me from this mailing list" feature found at the bottom of each TIP e-newsletter.  Opt-out requests may also be made by contacting us and all opt-out requests will promptly be honored.
Cookies
In order to process patron orders and customize web page content, theatreinthepark.org utilizes cookies to uniquely identify your visit to the web site.  If you elect to reject the cookies, you may still be able to browse the web site, however you'll be unable to use the shopping cart feature and we will be unable to process your order.
Johnson County Park and Recreation District does not share any personally identifiable information contained within the theatreinthepark.org cookies with any third party.  We will link personally identifiable information contained within the cookies to information you provide within an order on the theatreinthepark.org web site for the purpose of processing your order.
Some of our business partners (e.g. third-party service providers) use cookies on our site.  We have no access to or control over these cookies.  This privacy statement covers the use of cookies by theatreinthepark.org and does not cover the use of cookies by any of our business partners.
Log Files
For the purpose of gathering broad demographic data regarding the use of the theatreinthepark.org web site, we use IP addresses to analyze web site usage trends.  While browsing the site, we do not link your IP address to personally identifiable information.  However, when placing an order, your IP address is linked to your personally identifiable information for the sole purpose of enhancing the overall security of your order.  We use this additional information for the purpose of validating that a given order is legitimate and for anti-abuse purposes.
Children
Johnson County Park and Recreation District does not sell products or services on the theatreinthepark.org web site for purchase by children.  Youth-oriented products are sold for purchase by adults only.  If you are under the age of 18, you may only purchase products or services offered on the theatreinthepark.org web site in the presence of a consenting parent or guardian.  We do not knowing collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13.
Last Update
This privacy policy was last reviewed and updated (if necessary) and became officially effective on October 30, 2015.
TIP Administrative Offices: Inside the Johnson County Arts and Heritage Center | 8788 Metcalf Ave. | Overland Park, KS | 66212 | 913.826.3012
© 2019 All rights reserved. Site development and hosting by Skyway Networks.