http://www.tiec.org/privacy-policy
Cart
0
Who We Are
What We do
Get Involved
Media Center
Resources
Events
Members
Login
Back
About Us
How We work
Global Reach
Our Member Universities
History
Our Team
Meet Our Experts
Instructional Approach
Back
What We Do
Online Learning Support
Educational Capacity-Building and Consulting
University Partnerships
English Learning and Instruction
Professional Development Training Programs
Visa Support Services
Delegation Visit and Study Tour Support
Back
Work for us
Volunteer
Become a Representative
Contact us
Back
News
Video Library
Gazette
Webinars
Press Inquiry
Back
Participant Services
Back
Events & Trainings
P3 Virtual Mini Conference
Back
Login
TIEC Members Home
TIEC University Directory
TIEC Partner Finder
Member Resources
Member Grants & Opportunities
Member Email
Archive
Privacy Policy  The Texas International Education Consortium (TIEC) Privacy Policy covers the collection and use of biographical information that may be collected by TIEC and/or its main division, the Texas Intensive English Program (TIEP), anytime you interact with us, such as when you visit our websites, use our services, or contact our offices.TIEC takes your privacy very seriously. We collect no personal information about you unless you voluntarily choose to provide it to us. We do not give, share, sell, rent, or transfer your biographical information to a third party without your written permission. We will disclose your information to public agencies only if required by law. If you previously agreed to allow use of your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at anna@tiec.org. Our websites may have links to the websites of other organizations, but we are not responsible for their privacy policies and practices or the information contained on their websites. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to any website in question. TIEC may change this policy at any time by updating this page. If you are concerned about any changes, please continue to check back on this page from time to time. This page was last updated on 24 May 2018.  TIEC uses Google Analytics, a Web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. Google Analytics uses cookies to collect information such as URLs, Internet domain and host names, browser software, and the date and time that the site is visited. We also use Google AdWords and Facebook Advertising tracking, which allows us to collect or receive information from your website and elsewhere on the Internet and use that information to provide measurement services and target advertising. This information is used to monitor the effectiveness of our websites and to consider potential improvements to the websites. The information is non-personal and is transmitted to and stored by Google on its servers. TIEC does not share any specific information about a particular user. Please visit the following pages for more information on Google Analytics  terms of use and Google's privacy practices. To opt out of Google’s data collection, read more about the  Google Analytics opt- out browser add-on.Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. You can also find out how to manage cookies on popular browsers: Google Chrome, Microsoft Edge, Mozilla Firefox, Microsoft Internet Explorer, Opera, and Apple Safari. Other Information to be aware of:  Social Media buttons:On our website pages of the TIEC/TIEP sites you may see ‘social media’ share buttons. These allow users to share or bookmark the web pages. There are buttons for: Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, and LinkedIn. There are scripts from domains outside of TIEC/TIEP that may be enacted when connecting you to the outside social media site once the button is clicked. You should be aware that these sites likely collect information on your Internet habits, including on TIEP/TIEC’s site. Please note that if you click on any of the buttons, the corresponding sites will be registering that action and may use that information. You should check the respective policies of each of these social media sites to see how exactly they use your information and to find out how to opt out, or delete it.External Embedded web services: We may use external web services on the TIEC/TIEP websites including, but not limited to, Vimeo, YouTube, etc. As with social media buttons we cannot prevent these sites from collecting information on your usage of this embedded content. Email tracking: Most of our emails have no tracking whatsoever. However, emails, such as newsletters, or other correspondence sent through Mailchimp, put in tracking so that we can track the traffic, how many people are opening our emails, and what links they are clicking on. We rarely use that information on a personal level, instead we use information such as click rates and views as a way to better understand how our correspondence is landing with our audience. We may use the personal information i.e. re-emailing people who didn’t click the first time. If you want to be sure your information isn’t being tracked, you may unsubscribe from our TIEP/TIEC newsletters at any time. Disclaimer: While TIEC undertakes reasonable efforts to prevent unauthorized Internet access to data retained in our servers, because of the inherent open nature of the Internet we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or any information provided online, and you do so at your own risk. You agree that TIEC is not liable for disclosures of your personal information due to errors in transmission or unauthorized acts of third parties. Internet users must accept all risks associated with any data transmission, including the risk that their personal information may be intercepted in transit.If you have questions or concerns about the TIEC Privacy Policy, please use the following email address to contact us: webmaster@tiec.org..