http://www.actingbiz.com/privacy/
Home  /
Actingbiz.com - Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Actingbiz.com takes your privacy seriously. Earning and maintaining your trust is important to us. We want you to
understand what information we gather from you, how this information is used and protected, and what choices you have
about how your information is used. This Privacy Policy and Agreement ("Privacy Policy") discloses the privacy
practices of the Actingbiz.com website (www.actingbiz.com) (individually or collectively, the "Website").
By using or accessing the Website, you agree, without limitation or qualification, to be bound by this Privacy Policy.
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time, and therefore encourage you to revisit this page periodically
or when you notice new features on the Website.
Collection of Information
You are free to visit and use our Website without providing any Personal Information. However, Actingbiz.com
offers services on our Website that require registration and/or submission of Personal Information. In order
to register or otherwise take advantage of the products and services that we offer on our Website, you will
have to provide Personal Information. Any information submitted by you on our Website shall be covered by
this Privacy Policy, regardless of whether a purchase of services is completed. The Personal Information we
might request from you may include your name, address, email address, phone number and, if you are making a
purchase of goods or services, your billing and credit card information. Providing Actingbiz.com with your
Personal Information is strictly voluntary.
Children Under Age 13
Actingbiz.com does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13
or knowingly allow such persons to register. If you are under 13, please do not attempt to register with
or for any Actingbiz.com service or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address,
telephone number, or email address. No one under age 13 may provide any personal information to or on
Actingbiz.com. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under
age 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible.
If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us immediately.
Children Between the Ages of 13 and 18
We recommend that minors over the age of 13 ask their parents for permission before sending any information
about themselves to anyone over the Internet.
Third Party Links
Actingbiz.com may contain links to other websites. We are of course not responsible for the privacy practices
of other web sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site to read the privacy statements
of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy applies solely
to information collected by Actingbiz.com.
Security
Actingbiz.com uses reasonable security methods to protect the data that we collect and store. However, no security
system is impenetrable. We cannot guarantee the security of our servers, nor can we guarantee the information that
users supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet.
Actingbiz.com may update this privacy policy from time to time. Changes to this policy will be posted on our
website at www.actingbiz.com and we encourage you to check the site periodically for that purpose.
Version 1/15/2016
Recommended Stories
A Star Is Found
Actor Cover Letter Tips
About Managers
Acting is a Talent
Acting Tips & Advice
Performing in Front of the Lens - Tips for Actors and Models
How Do You Choose The Right Acting Classes?
Getting an Agent - Finding Talent Agents and Getting Noticed
Ten Interview Blunders Actors Make - and How to Correct Them
Acting Tips & Advice
Become a Movie Extra - It's Easy
How to Become an Actor
First Steps to Becoming an Actor
Step by Step Guide to Becoming an Actor
Sign Up to Become an Actor
How to Start an Acting Career
How to Get Started Acting
Getting Started in Film Acting
Break into Showbiz
Who's Who in the Acting Biz
About Casting Directors
About Talent Agents
About Managers
What are Casting Calls?
Casting Calls Yell Be Discovered!
The Casting Process Explained
Film and Stage Acting
Where to Learn Film Acting
How Do You Choose The Right Acting Classes?
Top US Undergraduate Acting Programs
Top US Graduate Acting Programs
How to Get Great Headshots
The Perfect Headshot
Headshot & Photo Examples
How to Write an Actor's Resume
Creating the Perfect Acting Resume
Actor Resume Examples
Actor Cover Letter Tips
Actor Cover Letter Examples
Tips for the Beginning Actor
How to get Discovered
Grab the Casting Directors' Attention
How to Get a Talent Agent
How to Find a Talent Agent
Conquer Your Audition Jitters
Coping with Audition Nerves
Audition Basics
Audition Procedures
Tips for a Successful Audition
Improve Every Audition
Auditions and What to Expect
Seven Steps for a Successful Acting Career
The Secret to Showbiz Success
A Simple Tip for Acting Success
More...
Home