https://www.anime-expo.org/plan/policies/
Policies
Anime Expo can be overwhelming for first-timer’s. We’ve created this guide as a brief overview to help you prepare for the wonderful adventure and memorable experience that is Anime Expo.
First Timer's Guide
Alcohol Policy
Effective Date: April 28, 2017
Anime Expo® and the SPJA reserve the right to modify and/or update this policy at any time in their sole discretion and without prior notice.
ALCOHOL POLICY
SPJA is committed to providing a safe and family-friendly environment for everyone’s attendance. SPJA expects its employees, staff, directors, and each of their guests or representatives, to follow all applicable laws and regulations and to refrain from consuming alcohol in the presence of minors, serving alcohol while at the Event, or bringing outside alcoholic beverages onto the Event premises.
SPJA does not serve alcohol.  SPJA’s employees, staff, directors, and all SPJA representatives, including interpreters and those assisting Guests of Honor, are prohibited from serving alcohol.  Adults 21 and over may order alcoholic beverages from the hotel, room service, and other places that legally serve alcohol and have required liquor licenses.  SPJA does not encourage drinking.  If you are legally permitted to drink and choose to do so, SPJA asks that you drink responsibly.
Prohibited alcohol conduct includes, but is not limited to, the following behavior:
Consumption of alcohol by any person younger than 21 years old (a “minor”).
Providing alcohol to, or facilitating the provision of alcohol to, any minor.
Consumption of alcohol in any hotel room in which a minor is staying or in which any minor is present.
Consumption of alcohol from any source other than the hotel concessions, room service, Lounge 21, or any other places that legally serve alcohol and have liquor licenses.
Violation of any federal, state, or local law regarding alcoholic beverages.
Violation of any policy of the Event facility or any Event vendor or concessionaire regarding alcoholic beverages.
Violation of this Alcohol Policy may result in forfeiture of your Event badge, your expulsion from the Event and/or termination of your position with SPJA.
Attendees with Disabilities
Effective Date: October 30, 2017
Anime Expo® and the SPJA reserve the right to modify and/or update this policy at any time.
SPJA is dedicated to accommodating all attendees, volunteers, and staff who may have disabilities that are protected by federal, state, and local public accommodations and accessibility laws. Although Event Facilities such as, but not limited to, the Los Angeles Convention Center, event hotels, and event programming venues such as Microsoft Theater and the NOVO are solely responsible for accessibility of and non-discrimination in their physical buildings, restrooms, and facilities, SPJA is ready and prepared to offer a hand to visitors with special needs or whom may require some sort of a reasonable accommodation.  SPJA offers, for example:
ASL interpreters for the deaf at large panels and events;
Limited special seating for programming events; and
Event Registration service and support for attendees with mobility issues
Accessible shuttle service.
If you are an attendee who needs reasonable accommodation, SPJA wants to make your experience as fun and entertaining as possible.  There are a few limitations, however, on what SPJA reasonably can provide. Please note:
Programming rooms fill up quickly, and all seating is on a first-come, first- served basis, so special seating may not be available if you wait until the last minute to get to the room.  Please read the program guide, check the mobile app for the most up-to-date schedule information, and plan your day accordingly, keeping in mind the popularity of most events.
Elevators can be crowded and slow.  Please plan in advance and allow plenty of time to change floors.
Please try to provide at least 30 days’ notice if you will be requesting any special aides such as ASL interpreters. Anime Expo understands that things can change at the last minute and will nonetheless attempt to accommodate you as best as possible irrespective of such last minute notice.
Service animals must be obedient and behave in a manner that is safe and non-threatening for other attendees and other service animals at all times.  Only service animals will be permitted into SPJA Events.  If service animals are behaving in ways that fundamentally alters the services offered by Anime Expo, such as behaving aggressively toward other service animals (barking, lunging, growling, snarling, scratching, biting) or toward other attendees, or howling in concerts, or is otherwise disruptive, Anime Expo may impose restrictions or ask that you remove the service animal from the premises, and you agree to and will cooperate with Anime Expo’s requests.  You may continue to participate while your service animal remains outside.  No poisonous or illegal exotic service animals are permitted.
Each disabled attendee is allowed one (1) helper for events and panels that have special seating.  Each disabled attendee and helper must purchase an entry badge through event registration on-line or on-site.
If you need a break from the crowds for any reason, please visit any Information Services booth to request access to a SafeSpace or visit the Quiet Lounge (room location TBA). We recommend visiting the Quiet Room if you need a peaceful place to rest or simply a reprieve from the noise.
HOW TO APPLY FOR DISABLED SERVICES
In order to receive disabled services at Anime Expo, a disabled attendee must apply for and receive a disabled credential, and his or her helper must also have a disabled helper credential.
Before you apply for the disabled credential and a disabled credential for your helper, you must first make sure that you (the attendee) and helper have registered and paid for a badge on the Anime Expo website. You and the helper can also purchase a badge at Registration if you are on site.
To apply, you and the helper must visit the Information Services Booth in South or West Lobby or Event Operations Office at Room 508A in person at the Event, to request for a disabled credential.
At Information Services or Event Operations, please make sure you let the counter person know that you are requesting a disabled credential for your badge.
The counter person may ask you and your helper for a valid photo identification.  Acceptable forms of identification must have a photo and may be Driver’s License, School ID, Passport, Military ID, or any government-issued ID.
We CANNOT ask for proof of disability under any circumstances.  If anyone asks you, doing so was a mistake, and you may simply decline to provide it.  However, we ask you to be honest and not apply for Disabled Accommodations just to get special access if you don’t really need it.
The counter person will write down the attendee’s and helper’s name, date of birth, and contact information.  Please provide yours and your helper’s most up to date contact information.  You and your helper will then be asked to sign and date the request form.
You will receive a disabled credential for Disabled attendee and a disabled credential for your AX helper as appropriate to your application.
The counter person will attach the disabled credential directly to the FRONT of the disabled attendee’s badge and the attendee’s helper badge.
Disabled Helper may accompany the Disabled attendee when such attendee is using such access accommodations, but in NO event will such access accommodations be made available to a Helper unaccompanied by a Disabled attendee.
For additional questions or special requests, please contact us at ADA@anime-expo.org
Autographs
HOW TO GET AN AUTOGRAPH FROM A GUEST AT ANIME EXPO
Please read this page carefully to find out how to get an autograph from guests at Anime Expo. However, please note that this policy does NOT apply to Industry Guests. Industry Guests are listed under the “Industry Appearances” tab on the Guest page. They also will be denoted as an “Industry Guest” with a corresponding tag on their thumbnail on the Guest page.
NOTE: Industry Guest autograph sessions are always not managed or organized by Anime Expo. You will need to visit the guest’s respective booth or company website for more information about the relevant policies and procedures. Please see the Guest’s page for more information.
STEP ONE: CHECK THE AUTOGRAPH SCHEDULE (WHEN AVAILABLE)
You will need to know when the autograph session will take place in order to know when you need to line up to get the respective autograph ticket.
Guests may have 1-3 autograph sessions throughout the weekend.
STEP TWO: GET AN AUTOGRAPH TICKET
The line for the Autograph Ticket Booth will start in Gilbert Lindsay Plaza outside of the Los Angeles Convention Center (next to Registration/Ticketing, in front of West Hall). Look for the purple Autograph Ticketing tent.
This starts as one single line which will split into six lines and signs will be posted on the booths to indicate which one is for which booth.
If you’re unsure about where and how to line up, don’t hesitate to ask an AX Access Control Volunteer. (They can be identified by their red vests.)
Tickets are distributed only for the autograph sessions scheduled on the same day.
Ticket Distribution Hours
Days 1-3: 8 AM – 4 PM
Day 4: 8 AM – 1 PM
For each session, 75 Priority Tickets will be issued first, followed by 50 Standby Tickets.
Standby ticket holders are not guaranteed autographs but will have a chance to receive autographs at the discretion of the Guest of Honor(s) they are waiting for.
Please be aware that due to high demand for guest autographs, the line for autographs can start as early as the previous evening.
STEP THREE: THE AUTOGRAPH SESSION
Be sure to bring an item to be signed.
Attendees are responsible for providing their own items to be signed. All items are subject to the guest’s approval*. Some guests may provide an item such as a poster to be signed, but this is not guaranteed.
All items must be properly licensed, and it is recommended that the item is from a project that the guest has worked on.
Rules and restrictions on what will or will not be signed are subject to change so please be sure to have your item checked by Autograph Staff prior to any session. Attendees are recommended to bring at least one backup item in case their item of choice cannot be signed.
Head over to the Autograph Area in Kentia Hall.
Please refer to the Autograph Ticket to find out which booth/table the session will take place in.
Lines start 30 minutes prior to each session.
If you have a:
Priority Ticket: The number printed on a Priority Ticket does not correspond to your place in line.
Standby Ticket: Standby ticketholders must line up numerically in their designated area behind the guaranteed ticketholders of the same session. Numbers are listed on each ticket.
AUTOGRAPH TICKET INFO
All autograph sessions hosted by AX require an autograph ticket.
Tickets are limited to one per person per session and are distributed on a first come, first serve basis.
One autograph ticket will grant each attendee only one autograph. Only one autograph ticket may be redeemed per person per session.
Tickets are only valid for the session printed on the ticket.
There are two types of tickets:
Priority: These tickets are guaranteed* an autograph from the respective guest at the session printed on the ticket.
Standby: Standby ticket holders are not guaranteed autographs but will have a chance to receive autographs at the discretion of the Guest of Honor(s) they are waiting for.
What is the procedure for attendees represented by the ADA and their helper(s) and what is the procedure if an ADA attendee does not have a helper?
Attendees represented by ADA must have an ADA sticker which can be picked up at any Info Services Booth. See sections marked in RED for procedures if the ADA attendee does not have a helper.
During Ticketing:
ADA attendees and one helper* both need a ticket for each autograph session they attend, whether they get a Priority ticket or a Standby one (see next section). ADA attendees must wait in the general attendee line, to keep fairness of the first come, first served policy. NO EXCEPTIONS WILL BE MADE. If the ADA attendee for any reason cannot wait in line to get a ticket, we will have a volunteer on standby to act as a proxy to wait in line for them with the ADA attendee’s helper. (If available)
*ADA attendees are not required to have a helper with them.
During Session:
Priority tickets: ADA attendees with priority tickets are allowed front-of-line access due to time constraints of each session. It is recommended that ADA attendees with Priority tickets should show up about 15 minutes before the start of the session as they cannot show up during the session to take advantage of front-of-line access. ADA attendees are limited to have one helper accompanying them when taking advantage of front-of-line access. Once a session begins, Priority ticket holders have to be in line when the session starts.
Standby tickets: For Standby tickets, it will be the same procedure as waiting in line. ADA attendees with Standby tickets are not guaranteed front-of-line access as the ticket lines are organized numerically for fairness. This is subject to change on a case-by-case basis due to autograph session traffic. ADA attendees with Standby tickets should arrive when the desired autograph session is halfway done as that will be the time when the organization of the standby line is well underway. A proxy will be provided for an ADA attendee with a Standby ticket should he/she would like one for any reason (if available).
Please contact an Autographs Staff Volunteer to for ADA assistance!
IMPORTANT NOTES
Autograph sessions are subject to change or cancellation at any time without notice. Autograph tickets of any kind only denote eligibility to receive an autograph at the specified Guest of Honor’s scheduled signing session.
If you have questions about the autograph session or policy, please ask an AX Autographs Volunteer at the Autograph Ticket Booth, located in Gilbert Lindsey Plaza outside of the Los Angeles Convention Center (Purple Tent “AX Autograph Ticketing”).
Premier Fans do not get special privileges for Autograph Ticketing or Autograph Sessions. They must line up for ticketing and sessions along with general attendees. No exceptions will be made.
*As long as there are no extraordinary circumstances such as natural or man-made disaster, illness, or giant robot attacks that prevent the GoH from holding an autograph session.
Code of Conduct
Effective Date:  April 28, 2017
Anime Expo® and the SPJA reserve the right to modify and/or update this policy at any time in their sole discretion and without prior notice.
CODE OF CONDUCT
Following this simple Code of Conduct helps ensure a safe convention and that everyone will have fun.  Your own good judgment and courtesy towards others are key.
Please watch out for each other, take care of one another, help those who need help, and be careful.  Play it clean, sober, and safe!  Please don’t leave the Event with strangers, and make sure that your friends know when you leave or if you are going home early.
Please don’t hesitate to call security if you see anything suspicious.
Minors should not go to hotel rooms with unknown adults.
To participate in and/or attend any SPJA Event (referred to below as the “Event” regardless of whether it’s Anime Expo, Project Anime, or another one of our Events), you must comply with this Code of Conduct in order to attend and/or participate in these Events. SPJA reserves the right to modify and/or update any SPJA policy at any time without prior notice.  Violation of this Code of Conduct may result in forfeiture of your Event badge, your expulsion from the Event and/or termination of your position with SPJA.  Where the Code of Conduct refers to “SPJA’s written consent”, such written consent may be in the form of a separate written exhibitor/sponsorship agreement, vendor agreement, facility rental agreement, or other form of written agreement or permit.  The Los Angeles Event Facilities, event hotels, Microsoft Theater, NOVO theater, and all other places where any Event programming is scheduled are “Event Facilities”.
BADGES
Please be prepared to show proof of age and identification when entering the Event or any program at the Event. We will only accept the following forms of identification: government-issued driver’s licenses or identification cards, passports, or military identification.
Please wear your Event badge at all times during the Event. Terms and conditions printed on the Badges apply to you and you must conduct yourself accordingly.
PROHIBITED ACTIONS AND ACTIVITIES
The following, as such violations are determined in SPJA’s sole discretion, are not permitted at the Event or its surrounding areas, including the parking lots, hotels, plazas, and structures:
Failure to be appropriately clothed, as determined by the sole discretion of SPJA. Please follow local laws, rules, and regulations when selecting your costume.
Assaulting, threatening, behaving inappropriately to another person, discriminating conduct of any nature whatsoever, making racial, religious, ethnic, national origin, sexual orientation, gender, or other slurs, bullying, and/or expressing any act of hatred towards another.
Lewd or offensive behavior, such as profanity, obscene language or conduct, exposing nipples or genitals, making recordings in bathrooms, bedrooms, or of nipples, genitals or up skirts.
Conducting commercial or business transactions without SPJA’s prior written consent, including without limitation, selling food or beverages from unauthorized carts, stands, or ice chests inside or outside Event venues or hotels; solicitation of money, contributions, or donations; distribution of commercial advertising or promotional material of any kind, such as signs, flyers, cards, or offers of discounts on rides, or other products or services; or offering samples of items which are sold, available for sale, or available in exchange for a donation or contribution.
Unlawful conduct or failure to comply with the policies, rules, or instructions of SPJA, Event staff, the Event facility, the hotel affiliated with the Event, or law enforcement officers.
Smoking / Vaping:
Never Inside: No smoking or vaping is permitted inside any of the Event Facilities, unless there is a place specifically designated by the Event Facility that permits either.
Limited Outside: Smoking or vaping must be at least 20 feet away from all entrances per California Government Code Sections 7596-7598; no smoking is permitted in outdoor dining areas LAMC 41.50 B 18 b.
Possessing any open can, bottle or other receptacle containing alcoholic beverages, except in areas specifically designated for the consumption of alcohol and in compliance with the SPJA’s Alcohol Policy.
Possessing any illegal substance. SPJA DOES NOT tolerate illegal substances in or around Events.
Any action that impedes the flow of traffic, creates a potential or actual hazardous condition, or is deemed to interfere with Anime Expo. Individuals may be asked to move or discontinue their actions.  By way of example, an individual may be asked to relocate or terminate an activity in order to disperse a crowd which impedes traffic flow.
Any noise or music that is disruptive to other attendees or the operation of the Anime Expo.
No Soliciting
Riding Hoverboards / Skateboards / Non-ADA Scooters / Segways: if you have one of these, please check it in at bag check or, if it fits, please keep it inside your bag within the Event Facilities.
Using Roller Skates / Roller Blades
PROHIBITED ITEMS
Stilts
Weapons (Please see our “Prop / Replica Weapons Policy” for more info)
Drones / UAV’s
Illegal Substances
Stickers / Adhesive Graphics (Keep them in your bags/pockets and off the walls/floors of the Event Facilities)
Signs/flags, if they are attached to a pole of any length and are used to solicit or incite any response. All other signs/flags are permitted.
Non-Service Live Animals.
Helium and Mylar Balloons
Lasers or Similar Items
Coolers
Oversized Backpacks / Bags: No bags over the airplane carry-on size are permitted. As a point of reference, the size limit for a standard airplane carry-on is 22 x 14 x 9 inches.  All bags, regardless of size, are subject to inspection at any time.
Motorized Vehicles (i.e. go-karts or kids’ battery-operated vehicles.)
Wheeled Carts / Wagons
Confetti / Loose Glitter (Glitter used on your costumes is OK)
Flammable Liquids
Open-Flame Use
Any activity prohibited by law and/or prohibited by any Event Facilities.
Cosplay Guidelines
Effective Date: April 28, 2017
Anime Expo® and the SPJA reserve the right to modify and/or update this policy at any time in their sole discretion and without prior notice.
COSPLAY GUIDELINES
At Anime Expo (“AX”), we celebrate the creativity of cosplayers and encourage everyone to cosplay whomever they wish–regardless of size, gender, age, religion, shape, color, or even species. Cosplay is all about having fun!
We simply ask that you follow the guidelines below and please keep in mind that AX is an all-ages event.
Shoes are required at all times.
Cosplaying a character that’s barefoot? Please check out this tutorial on how to make “invisible shoes.”
Costumes and clothing should not expose the body in such a way as to be deemed indecent exposure by the City of Los Angeles or the State of California. Private parts must be covered in an opaque material that will not slip or have gaps.
Males wearing tight-fitting costumes are required to wear a dance belt.
Costumes worn on the convention floor must not obstruct or impede the flow of traffic or entryways. If the costume cannot fit through a standard doorway, it may not be allowed during general convention hours. Exceptions may be made day-of for Masquerade contestants.
Attendees with bulky costumes, costumes that obscure the vision, or costumes with large extensions such as wings or spikes, should have a designated “handler,” to assist them through the hallways and crowds.
Functioning wheels cannot be used as part of a costume or prop (i.e. anything that you might ride, push, or pull). We love your creativity, but please save the wheeled costumes/props for your photoshoots.
No costumes may be realistic depictions of American law enforcement, current American military uniforms, first responders, emergency medical personnel, or any official government agent. “Vintage,” historical, any non-current uniforms, and any military or police-style costumes may be addressed at the convention’s discretion (i.e., Resident Evil, Metal Gear Solid, etc.)
Privacy Policy
Effective Date:  April 28, 2017
Anime Expo® and the SPJA reserve the right to modify and/or update this policy at any time in their sole discretion and without prior notice.
SPJA Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important, so The Society for the Promotion of Japanese Animation (“SPJA”) has created this privacy policy to let you know what information we collect when you visit the SPJA site, the Anime Expo®, the Project Anime® site, and the sites for any other Events we may produce (“SPJA Event Sites”), why we collect it, and how it is used. The terms “you,” “your,” and “yours” refer to you, the person utilizing our site and agreeing to this policy. The terms “we,” “us,” and “our” refer to SPJA and events it produces, including but not limited to Anime Expo®, Project Anime® (“SPJA Events”) and to SPJA’s affiliates and subsidiaries (if any).
What Information Is Collected and Why?
“Personally Identifiable Information” means any information that may be used to identify an individual, including, but not limited to, a first and last name, home or other physical address, an email address, phone number, and other billing and contact information.
We may collect information, including Personally Identifiable Information, from you, including:
Registration information: When you purchase tickets for SPJA Events, register as an attendee (fan, industry or press), exhibitor, sponsor, panelist, workshop leader, press, photographer, or otherwise contact us about the event, we may collect Personally Identifiable Information from you, in order to provide services, events, and access to you.
Service Logs: We may automatically receive and log certain technical information when you visit our site, including your IP address, browser type, cookie information, links you have followed, and the page(s) you have requested, in order to respond to your requests, and protect and improve our services.
Communication: When you communicate with us (through email, forms on this site, or other channels), we may retain those communications and contact information in order to respond to your requests, improve our services, and contact you in the future.
Third-Party Services: When you use our site, we may partner with third parties, such as Eventbrite, Twitch, and ShareThis, to provide certain services, including advertising. When we share information with them, we do so in accordance with this policy. Those third parties may have different privacy policies, and we encourage you to read them.
When collection of information is optional, we will indicate that on the relevant collection form.
Is Information Shared or Disclosed?
Except as listed above, Anime Expo does not rent, sell or share personal information it collects about you to or with third parties. Information collected from you is only used to support SPJA, your use of SPJA Event Sites, and to comply with any legal requirements.
SPJA may disclose personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (1) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on SPJA or any SPJA Event Sites; (2) protect and defend the rights or property of SPJA; or (3) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of SPJA, any of the SPJA Events, their services, or the public.
If SPJA should ever merge with or transfer its assets to another company, we may share your Personally Identifiable Information with any non-profit entity with whom we merge or to whom we transfer our assets, and such a successor will have the right to use such information in accordance with the terms of this policy.
How Do We Store and Protect Your Information?
SPJA protects the security of your information while it is being transmitted to us by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption. In addition, once we receive payment information, we maintain that information in encrypted form on secure servers.  Payments made by those registering to attend SPJA Events may be made to and through third-party service providers such as Eventbrite, whose privacy policies also apply to such payments.
Personally Identifiable Information collected on this site is stored and processed in the United States and in other countries.
We may retain your information as long as permitted or required under applicable laws.
How Do We Deal with Children’s Information?
Children can view the SPJA Event Sites without any Personally Identifiable Information being collected. However, in some areas of the SPJA Event Sites it is necessary to collect Personally Identifiable Information from children. We do not collect more Personally Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13 than is necessary for them to participate in the SPJA Events. We obtain verifiable parental consent for the collection, use or disclosure of such information by requiring purchase of a corresponding ticket by an adult and verifying parental or guardian’s consent when SPJA Event tickets are collected at the event.
We will always honor a parent’s request for: (1) a description of the specific types of personal information collected from their child by SPJA; and (2) removal of the information collected about their child from our database. If you would like to deactivate your child’s account, email privacy@spja.org. Parents may obtain any Personally Identifiable Information collected from their child by emailing privacy@spja.org.
How Do You Consent to This Privacy Policy?
By using this site, you agree to the terms of this privacy policy, and those of our Terms and Conditions at www.anime-expo.org/legal/. In case of a conflict, our Terms and Conditions take precedence.
How May We Update This Policy?
We may occasionally update this policy. When we do, we will also revise the “Effective Date” date above. If we make material changes, we will notify you either by placing a prominent notice on the home page of our site or by directly sending notification to any users who have registered with us. We encourage you to periodically review this policy to stay informed about how we are protecting the information we collect. Your continued use of this site constitutes your agreement to any policy changes.
What Technical Choices Do You Have About Data Collection?
Cookies are small text files stored by your browser in your computer when you visit our site. We use cookies to improve our site and make it easier to use. Cookies permit us to recognize users and avoid repetitive requests for the same information. Most browsers allow you to refuse cookies by changing a setting, but the site may no longer function correctly if you do so.
We currently do not participate in or utilize any frameworks that respond to “Do Not Track” signals from you.
How Should You Contact Us?
If you believe that SPJA has not adhered to this Privacy Policy, please contact us by emailing privacy@spja.org or by postal mail:
Legal Department-Privacy
c/o The Society for the Promotion of Japanese Animation
1522 Brookhollow Dr., Suite 1
Santa Ana, CA. 92705
USA
Program Room Policy
Policy Effective Date: June 14, 2019
Anime Expo® and the SPJA reserve the right to modify and/or update this policy at any time.
PROGRAM ROOM POLICIES
Program Rooms include:
Live Programming Rooms (i.e. panels and Q&A’s)
Workshops
Video Rooms
These rooms will be checking badges upon entry. Please ensure that your badge is valid for that day and in clear view of room personnel to assist with line control.
WHAT IS REQUIRED TO ENTER:
Program Rooms:  All Program Rooms require verification of your badge and will check your badge upon entry. To help the lines move quickly, please be sure that your badge is valid for that day and is in clear view of room personnel.
Ticketed Events:  Ticketed Events require both a Badge and Ticket to enter the Ticketed Event. Please see our Ticketing FAQ for more information.
18+ Events:  All 18+ Panel Events, Workshops, and Video Screening Rooms will require a wristband from either an Info Services Booth (located in South Hall, 2nd Floor Concourse Hall, and West Hall Lobby) along with a valid Badge.  Only those who verify with acceptable ID that they are 18 years of age or over as of the event date will be granted a wristband.
To receive the appropriate wristband attendees will need to present a valid ID to an Info Services Booth (located in South Hall, 2nd Floor Concourse Hall, and West Hall Lobby). The below is a list of ID’s that will be considered valid:
State Driver’s License
State Identification Card
Passport
Military ID
There will be no exceptions to the types of identification. Re-entry into the room will require the wristband. Please refrain from tampering in any fashion with wristbands provided for entry. If you are over the age of 18 you may not escort another person under the age of 18 into the room. Please do not leave children unaccompanied to attend an 18+ event.
ORDER OF ENTRY
When a room opens for entry we will allow attendees to enter in the following order:
Disabled Services Priority Access Sticker Holders: These stickers can be retrieved from an Information Booth. Please procure them prior to arriving to the event.
Premier Fan Badge Holders and press with valid Anime Expo® Press Badges.
All other valid Badges with access to Live Programming, Workshop, and video rooms.
PLEASE NOTE:
Oversize Cosplay Props: These must be placed against the wall; do not place them in the aisle or on adjacent seats.
Photo/Video Policies:
Panel/Workshop Rooms: Permissions depend on each individual guest and presenter, therefore photo/video policies will be announced at the beginning of events as each has its own policy.
Video Rooms: No filming or photos allowed.
ROOM CLEARING
The following rooms generally WILL NOT be cleared between normal Panel Events:
Live Programming 1: LACC Petree Hall
Live Programming 2: JW Marriott Platinum Ballroom
EXCEPTIONS: Room clearing WILL occur prior to a Ticketed Event (i.e. concert, AMV Competition, Masquerade, etc.), fashion show, and 18+ content tracks.
In the event either room reaches capacity two separate lines will form outside: 1 General Attendee Line and 1 Premier Fan Line.
As Attendees leave the room a corresponding number of Premier Fans will be allowed entry first. Attendees in the General Attendee Line will be allowed in when the Premier Fan Line is empty.
The following rooms WILL be cleared between Panel Events:
Live Programming 3: LACC 408AB
Live Programming 4: LACC 411 (Theater)
Live Programming 5: LACC 404AB
Workshops 1: 403B
Workshops 2: 406AB
Video Rooms
Video Rooms may be cleared in preparation for highly anticipated showings. Please check mobile app session descriptions for more details.
Event Admission Wristband: General Guidelines
Wristband Policy
Some events may either require a wristband for admission instead of a ticket OR in addition to a ticket if the event has an 18+ age restriction.  When issued a wristband, please refrain from tampering, in any fashion, with wristbands or you may be denied entry.
Event Admission
If a wristband is issued in lieu of a ticket for admission to an event, you will be required to go to Will Call at the Ticketing Booth for pick up.  Lost or stolen event wristbands will not be replaced or refunded.
If issued for a “free” event, wristbands are distributed on a “first-come, first-serve” basis, one wristband per attendee.  Also, you must present your Anime Expo attendee badge prior to receiving a wristband so we can:  1) confirm you are an attendee and 2) verify you have the correct badge valid for the day of the event.  Once confirmed, a Ticketing volunteer will apply the wristband on your wrist.
Picking Up a Wristband
Event admission wristbands can be picked up at any Will Call station at the Ticketing Booth in Gilbert Lindsay Plaza.
Occasionally, some “free” events will have a designated “distribution” time stated depending on the event schedule which will be announced ahead of time.  Therefore, please allow ample time to pick-up your wristband before you need to line up for the event.
Once you have your admission wristband, you can enter the event line queue area to wait until doors open.  Please note there is no re-entry once in line and seating is “first-come, first-serve” in the hall.
ADA attendees and Premier Fans with an admission wristband may arrive 15-30 minutes before the doors open to receive priority entry.
NOTE:  If your wristband appears to be tampered with in any way upon inspection during load in at the door, a Ticketing or Main Events volunteer has the right to deny entry.  Access Control volunteers and Security will also be present to enforce this policy.
Please check the event page for specific information regarding when doors will open and to confirm both the location and start time for the event.
Prop / Replica Weapons Policy
Effective Date: July 8, 2020
PROP / REPLICA WEAPONS POLICY
Your participation in SPJA Events means that you agree to comply with this Prop / Replica Weapons Policy. An “Event” shall mean any event held by The Society for the Promotion of Japanese Animation (“SPJA” or “we”), such as Anime Expo®, or Project Anime®.
You further understand and agree that, for your own safety and the safety of everyone at an Event, SPJA has the absolute and immediate discretion and right to inspect your costumes, prop weapons, and any other item you bring to the Event. We may temporarily or permanently remove any attendee in our sole and absolute discretion at any time for violating this Prop / Replica Weapons Policy— because your safety and the safety of every attendee is of the utmost importance.
Anime Expo® and the SPJA reserve the right to modify and/or update this policy at any time in their sole discretion and without prior notice.
Prohibited Items
No Real Weapons Are Allowed at an Event.
This includes firearms, knives, curios,  relic antique firearms, any form of ammunition, any items designed or manufactured with the intent to cause death or serious bodily injury, whether carried openly or concealed, even if any such weapons are inoperable or unusable and irrespective of whether you are licensed to possess such weapons. Items that may otherwise be legal for you to own or carry are not welcome at any Event if they violate this Prop / Replica Weapons Policy.
The following items are not permitted at any SPJA Event:
All Metal Weapons
Firearms, Ammunition, Rifles, Shotguns, Handguns, Blowguns, Tasers, Laser Pointers, Laser-Aiming Devices or similar Laser Devices
Explosives, Incendiary Devices, Chemical Weapons, and Pepper Spray / Mace
Knives, Live Blades/Swords (including Katana and other Martial Arts Style Swords), Daggers, Sword Canes, Switchblades, Bali-Song (Butterfly Knife), Axes, Kunai, Ice Skates, and Hatchets
Metal Pole Arms, Wooden/Metal Bats, Paddles, Stilts, Golf Clubs, and Vuvuzelas
Archery and Hunting Bows, Arrows, Nunchucks, Brass Knuckles, and Whips
Any item designed or manufactured with the intent to cause death or serious bodily injury to any person or property, any item that is illegal in the state of California, or any item that appears, in SPJA’s sole discretion, to be dangerous or which would pose or place others at risk or harm, immediate or otherwise.
(Note: some venues prohibit other items e.g. glass bottles, food, alcohol, and e-cigarettes. Please check with the venue before bringing such items.)
Peace Bonding
Prop weapons must be submitted to “Weapons Check” for Peace Bonding. SPJA has the sole discretion to approve prop weapons. Please visit us at one of our Weapons Check booths during the Event. Locations are to be determined and announced on our website at www.anime-expo.org. Other Event Weapons Check booth locations shall be designated in the programs and on signs.
We may revoke your Peace Bond at any time in our sole discretion. Behavior which will warrant revocation of your Peace Bond includes:
Brandishing an item in an inappropriate fashion, such as play-fighting or swinging the prop around
Causing complaints from other attendees of the Event
Tampering or altering of the Peace Bond
Prop Weapons
Prop weapons are inoperable weapons that support the overall look of your costume or character. For example, plastic Airsoft guns, Nerf guns, water guns, dart guns, disc guns, pellet guns, and cap guns are prop weapons.
Peace Bonding Rules
If a prop weapon is, or was, at any time capable of firing anything, it must be rendered permanently inoperable in order to qualify for Peace Bonding. You can do this by, for example, permanently plugging the barrel with glue, caulk, or any non-removable substance and hot gluing all moving components of the prop in place. You must be able to prove that the prop weapon is permanently inoperable upon inspection.
In addition, to qualify for Peace Bonding, your prop weapon must meet the following criteria:
All bladed props, prop firearms and prop knives cannot contain metal, have metal components, or have metal-based paints on them.
Note: Lightsabers with metal hilts are allowed.
Your prop weapon cannot be more than 7 feet (2.13 meters) in any direction or weigh more than 15 pounds (6.8 kilograms).
Prop explosives or ammunition cannot be made out of metal.
All swords and bladed prop weapons must adhere to the following rules:
They cannot be made out of metal
If your non-metal blade has a sharp edge or pointed tip, it must be anchored to a hard sheath for the duration of the Event
If you do not have a hard sheath, your non-metal blade must have a blunt edge and blunt tip
All prop bows must be unstrung or have a low-tensile thread with no draw weight and be incapable of shooting.
All prop arrows must have blunt non-metal tips.
Metal chains are not permitted unless it is for cosplay and affixed to a piece of clothing and/or armor.
Any prop chain must be under 7 feet (2.13 meters) to avoid safety and fire hazards.
If your prop weapon is a toy, look-alike, or imitation firearm, then federal regulations (15 CFR § 272.3) require that it either be translucent enough to, permit unmistakable observation of the device’s complete contents or must have at least one of the following:
An Orange Solid Plug in Barrel: Have a blaze orange (Fed-Std-595B 12199) or orange color brighter than that specified by the federal standard color number solid plug permanently affixed to the muzzle end of the barrel as an integral part of the entire device and recessed no more than 6 millimeters from the muzzle end of the barrel; or
An Orange Barrel Marking: A blaze orange (Fed-Std-595B 12199) or orange color brighter than that specified by the federal standard color number, marking permanently affixed to the exterior surface of the barrel, covering the circumference of the barrel from the muzzle end for a depth of at least 6 millimeters; or
Entire Surface Coloration: Coloration of the entire exterior surface of the device in white, bright red, bright orange, bright yellow, bright green, bright blue, bright pink, or bright purple, either singly or as the predominant color in combination with other colors in any pattern.
Please take care when outside or when transporting any form of firearm prop.
Regardless of how realistic the prop may look, ensure that it is completely hidden while traveling and be aware of your surroundings, attire, and the appearance of your props to bystanders when outside of the Event. Do not assume a costume will reassure people that your prop is not a real weapon.
Peace-Bonded Weapons at the Event
You may display your prop weapons only as costume pieces. Do not swing or brandish your prop weapon in any way that could be considered unsafe or threatening.
You may pose with a prop weapon in a brandishing manner, so long as no reasonable person would interpret it as anything but a pose for dramatic effect. Event staff or management may stop your posed brandishing in their sole discretion.
Please put your prop weapons away when leaving the Event site at night so that you don’t get the attention of local law enforcement. SPJA cannot be responsible for any actions taken by local law enforcement agencies, such as detaining and questioning you, if you decide to display or brandish your prop weapons at or outside of the Event.
Everyday Items
Items that people normally carry such as umbrellas or walking sticks/canes are permitted within the Event and subject to inspection upon entry.
Lightweight plastic or foam bats, paddles, and clubs are permitted.
Roller skates/blades, skateboards, scooters, go-karts, hoverboards, etc. are not permitted within the Event area.
Ice Skates are not allowed, even with skate guards attached.
Power tools are not permitted e.g. chainsaws, drills, or hedge trimmers.
Buying Weapons at the Event
All Prop / Replica weapons purchased at the Event must remain sealed in its original packaging while at the Event. If you would like to use your Prop / Replica weapon at the Event, you must submit your item to a “Weapons Check” booth for peace bonding.
Martial Arts Performances and Demos
You may display working martial arts weapons during, and 30 minutes before and after, a performance that has been approved by Event management in advance.
Of course, you must use common sense to avoid harming any person or property. You must conceal or wrap the weapons when transporting them to and from the demonstration, and you must remove the weapons immediately after the demonstration. Event staff reserves the right to stop any performance or demonstration in their sole discretion.
Law Enforcement Uniformed Costumes
COSTUMES THAT MAY BE CONFUSED WITH LOCAL LAW ENFORCEMENT OR OTHER EMERGENCY RESPONSE PERSONNEL UNIFORMS ARE NOT PERMITTED AT THE EVENT.
It is against the law to impersonate local law enforcement, emergency personnel, or first responders. SPJA has the absolute right and sole discretion to decide whether your costume looks too much like one of these uniforms, and to request the removal or modification of that costume. Should you refuse to cooperate, we may expel you from the Event in order to protect the safety and welfare of everyone at the Event.
Recording Policy
Effective Date: April 28, 2017
RECORDING POLICY: TAKING PICTURES
Anime Expo® and the SPJA reserve the right to modify and/or update this policy at any time in their sole discretion and without prior notice.
Recordings of You:  You are advised and given notice that SPJA permits people and companies to take photographs and make recordings at SPJA Events, and post them on social media and use them for many lawful purposes.  By attending the Event, you agree to be photographed or recorded during the Event (in still photographs, audio recordings, video recordings and any other media, now known or hereafter discovered, hereafter “Recordings”), by attendees, vendors, SPJA, and others without compensation.  By attending the Event, you grant to SPJA the rights, but not the obligation, to reproduce, display, distribute, perform, create derivative works from, and otherwise use any SPJA Recordings of you in any media and in any manner throughout the world in perpetuity, including on the internet, broadcast, live simulcast, satellite and other transmissions.
Your Recordings of Others:  You are generally allowed to make Recordings in all common areas of the Event, with the exception of the Art Show, backstage, and restricted areas.  Specific rules and restrictions regarding Recordings apply to specific venues, concerts, and Events, such as when a Guest of Honor prohibits photographs of their performance. If you are unsure, please check for signage, and if you do not see any, be respectful and do not make Recordings.
As a courtesy, and without changing this policy in any way, please obtain permission first to make Recordings of any individuals or costumes.  If someone asks or otherwise indicates that they do not wish to be recorded, do not record them.  The SPJA will make reasonable efforts to enforce this policy, but given the proliferation of recording devices and the ease with which Event attendees may conceal their recording devices, it is understood and agreed that SPJA shall not be liable for violations.
Recordings of the Event or its employees, staff, or attendees for the purpose of sale to anyone, or for distribution or publication to the press is expressly forbidden unless advance written permission has been obtained from the SPJA, and is permitted under the policy of any venue in which you desire to make a Recording.  Except as prohibited above, individuals may make Recordings for private listening/viewing, provided that such Recordings clearly identify the Event, date, and location at which they were Recorded.
All bloggers and members of the press and staff are additionally required to conform to the SPJA’s Press Policy http://www.anime-expo.org/press/ and we encourage attendees to become familiar with those rules.  Violation of this Recording Policy may result in forfeiture of your Event badge, your expulsion from the Event and/or termination of your position with SPJA.
2020 Registration Policies
Cancellation Policy
By registering for an Anime Expo badge, you agree not to sell, trade, transfer, or share your promotional code, email confirmation, or badge. In the event that the Society for the Promotion of Japanese Animation (SPJA) determines in its sole discretion that you have violated this policy, SPJA can cancel your badge(s) and keep any money paid by you. Confirmations and/or badges that have been sold or provided by anyone other than SPJA will not be honored.
You must wear and display your badge at all times while onsite during Anime Expo. All badges are the property of SPJA and must be relinquished to SPJA upon request. SPJA reserves the right to refuse admission, service, and cancel your badge at SPJA’s sole discretion without liability.
You must register an individual name for each badge and each name must match a valid government-issued photo ID. If SPJA determines you have purchased more than one badge in your name for any day, SPJA has the right to cancel your duplicate badge(s) and issue you a refund less the processing fee.
Refund and Transfer Policy
All badges are non-transferable to Anime Expo 2021.
Badges Purchased Before March 31, 2020
Refund requests for Anime Expo 2020 badges must be received within 30 days of the purchase date. All refund requests for badges purchased in March 2020 must be received by March 31, 2020.  Name changes must also be made by March 31, 2020.
All refund requests must be sent via email with your full name and order confirmation number to registration@anime-expo.org.
Badges Purchased After March 31, 2020
Badges purchased after March 31, 2020, are non-refundable and non-transferable to other people.
SPJA reserves the right to change the Refund and Transfer Policy at any time without notification.
Upgrade and Downgrade Policy
You can upgrade your (1-Day to 4-Day) badge by sending an email to registration@anime-expo.org before March 31, 2020. Any badges purchased after this date can be upgraded onsite at the Registration Assistance counters. Certain restrictions may apply. Downgrades are not permitted.
Badge Mailing Policy
Anime Expo will ship 4-Day, 4-Day Child, 1-Day, Premier Fan, Artist Alley, Exhibitor, and paid Industry badges, purchased between August 16, 2019, through 12:00 PM PT on June 16, 2020, within the United States (excluding minor outlying islands) and Canada. Badge mailing will start in early May 2020. Premier Fan, Artist Alley, and paid Industry badges will be mailed out in early June 2020. Badges will not be re-shipped under any circumstances.
All badges purchased in the same order will be mailed out to only ONE address. Be sure to put the SAME shipping address for each registrant when filling out the purchase form. The last day to change your shipping address is April 27, 2020.
Shipping fees are non-refundable and include shipping, handling, and badge activation.
Onsite Badge Pick-Up Policy
Attendees who purchased badges after the cut-off date and all international attendees must pick up badges onsite.
Each registrant must pick up their own badge. Upon arrival, bring your registration confirmation email and a valid government-issued photo ID.
This should match the registrant’s name/information in order to pick up your badge.
Your registration confirmation is also available on the Eventbrite mobile app.
All attendees under the age of 18 must be accompanied by an adult in order to pick up a badge.
Age Restriction Policy
Purchase a badge appropriate for the child’s age by the first day of attendance of Anime Expo 2020.
Children ages 0 – 5 are free and not required to register for a badge. An optional RFID child wristband will be available to pick-up at the Registration Assistance counters on Gilbert Lindsey Plaza. In cases of emergency, the wristbands will allow an SPJA/Anime Expo representative to contact parents/guardians as needed.
Children ages 6 – 13 must purchase a child badge for $35 (4-Day badge).
Children ages 14+ must purchase a 4-Day or 1-Day general attendee badge.
Attendees age 13 years old and under must be accompanied by a parent or guardian over the age of 18 for the duration of their time at the event. Attendees under the age of 18 must be accompanied by an adult in required to pick up their badge. We recommend attendees ages 14-17 have a parent or guardian close by for the duration of the event.
Any programming designated 18+ will require attendees to have an 18+ wristband to present for admission at the door. An 18+ wristband can be obtained at any Info Services booth by presenting a valid government-issued photo ID that shows date of birth. Please see our Program Room Policy for more information.
Lost Badge Policy
Lost badges are subject to a reprint fee. To purchase a badge reprint, head over to the Registration Assistance counter and we will be happy to help you.
Terms of Participation and Liability Release & Waiver
By registering or participating in Anime Expo (AX) and or Project Anime (PA), you agree to be legally bound by SPJA’s Terms of Participation, Liability Release & Waiver, & SPJA Policies at www.anime-expo.org/legal. PLEASE READ THEM CAREFULLY.  Failure to agree and comply will deny you access to Anime Expo and or Project Anime.
Using this badge at AX and or PA confirms you read & agree to be bound by the Terms of Participation, Release & Waiver, & SPJA Policies at www.anime-expo.org/legal. If not, please turn in the badge to SPJA and leave AX and or PA.
LAST UPDATED: 1/3/2020 Anime Expo, Project Anime and the SPJA reserve the right to modify and/or update this policy at any time in their sole discretion and without prior notice.
PLEASE READ CAREFULLY THESE TERMS OF PARTICIPATION AND LIABILITY RELEASE & WAIVER. THE FOLLOWING TERMS OF PARTICIPATION INCLUDE A LIABILITY RELEASE & WAIVER AND ARE A LEGAL CONTRACT BETWEEN YOU, AN INDIVIDUAL PARTICIPANT, OR A SINGLE ENTITY AND THE SOCIETY FOR THE PROMOTION OF JAPANESE ANIMATION (“SPJA”).
“Venue” means the facility at which the Event is held. “Official Hotels” are hotels that SPJA has explicitly designated for the Event.  The “City” refers to the city in which the Event is held, such as the City of Los Angeles or Tokyo.
INDIVIDUALS: THE TERMS “YOU,” “YOUR,” AND “YOURS” REFERS TO YOU, THE INDIVIDUAL PERSON REGISTERING FOR AN SPJA EVENT OR USING AN SPJA WEBSITE. IF YOU ARE REGISTERING FOR ANOTHER PERSON, THEN YOU MUST ASK THEM TO AGREE TO READ AND AGREE TO THESE TERMS OF PARTICIPATION, AND GIVE THEM THEIR PRINTED TICKET THAT INCORPORATES THESE TERMS OF PARTICIPATION. BY REGISTERING FOR, ATTENDING, VOLUNTEERING, OR PARTICPATING IN ANIME EXPO, PROJECT ANIME, OR ANY OTHER SHOW, CONVENTION, MEETING, PANEL, WORKSHOP, OR EVENT PRODUCED BY SPJA (an “SPJA Event”), OR BY REGISTERING FOR, ACCESSING, BROWSING, DOWNLOADING FROM OR USING THE SPJA WEBSITE OR A WEBSITE FOR ANY EVENT PRODUCED BY SPJA, such as www.anime-expo.org and www.project-anime.org (the “SPJA Websites”), YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS OF PARTICIPATION AND TO THE LIABILITY RELEASE & WAIVER INCLUDED HERE. IF AT ANY TIME YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS OF PARTICIPATION, PLEASE IMMEDIATELY TERMINATE YOUR PARTICIPATION IN AN SPJA EVENT OR TERMINATE YOUR USE OF THE SPJA WEBSITE.
ORGANIZATIONS: IF YOU ARE REGISTERING FOR AN SPJA EVENT OR USING THE SPJA WEBSITE ON BEHALF OF A COMPANY, ENTITY, OR ORGANIZATION (COLLECTIVELY, A “PARTICIPATING ORGANIZATION”) THEN YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU: (I) ARE AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THAT PARTICIPATING ORGANIZATION WITH THE AUTHORITY TO BIND SUCH ORGANIZATION; (II) HAVE READ AND UNDERSTAND THESE TERMS OF PARTICIPATION; AND (III) AGREE TO THESE TERMS OF PARTICIPATION ON BEHALF OF SUCH SUBSCRIBING ORGANIZATION AND ANYONE PARTICIPATING IN AN SPJA EVENT FOR AND ON YOUR ORGANIZATION’S BEHALF.
POLICIES. You agree that you have read, understand, and agree to abide by SPJA policies posted on its website at www.anime-expo.org/legal, including but not limited to the Code of Conduct, the Recording Policy, the Alcohol Policy, the Weapons Policy, the Youth Protection Policy, the Privacy Policy, and such other policies that SPJA may adopt from time to time (“SPJA Policies”), which are incorporated fully into these Terms of Participation (“TOP”). Without limitation, You acknowledge and agree that the Recording Policy allows SPJA and those acting on SPJA’s behalf to take your photograph or video record You and to use those photographs or videos of You as set out in the Recording Policy, including streaming and live simulcast over the internet. You agree that these TOP and the SPJA Policies together with any other policies or instructions posted on the SPJA Websites or communicated by employees, officials, officers, volunteers, or other persons affiliated with or acting for or on behalf of SPJA, the City, or any Official Hotel, are effective and apply to You at all times when You are participating in and around an SPJA Event, the Venue, and Official Hotels.
LIABILITY RELEASE & WAIVER. You agree that your participation in any SPJA Event is voluntary. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT SOME SPJA EVENTS AND SOME ACTIVITIES AT SPJA EVENTS, SUCH AS BUT NOT LIMITED TO DANCING, ROLE PLAYING, COSPLAY, STANDING IN LINES, AND BEING IN LARGE CROWDS, HAVE INHERENT RISKS AND DANGERS, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ACTS OF TERRORISM, DEATH, INJURY AND SERIOUS BODILY HARM TO YOUR PERSON AND/OR PROPERTY. YOU AGREE THAT AS A CONDITION OF BEING PERMITTED TO PARTICIPATE IN ANY ACTIVITY AT AN SPJA EVENT, YOU ASSUME AND ACCEPT ALL RISKS OF HARM, LOSS, OR INJURY TO YOUR PERSON OR PROPERTY THAT MAY ARISE FROM OR BE RELATED TO YOUR PARTICIPATION IN SUCH ACTIVITY. YOU HEREBY WAIVE AND RELEASE, indemnify, and hold harmless SPJA, the City, the Venue, the Official Hotels, and their respective officers, directors, members, employees, agents, affiliates, contractors, volunteers, managers, sponsors, funders, attendees, public officials, vendors, successors and assigns (“Released Parties”), from any and all demands, damages, losses, liabilities, causes of action, lawsuits, attorneys’ fees, costs, and/or claims of every kind and nature, whether known or unknown, in law or equity, that You ever had or may have, arising from or in any way related to Your participation in an SPJA Event or your use of an SPJA Website, including acts or omissions by third parties such as emergency or medical providers and vendors of food, drink, or alcohol. SPJA reserves the right, at Your expense, to assume the defense and control of any matter for which You are required to indemnify SPJA, and You agree to cooperate with SPJA’s defense of these claims. SPJA will use reasonable efforts to notify You of any such claim, action, or proceeding upon SPJA learning of any such claim, action, or proceeding.  You agree that You will participate only in SPJA Event activities that You are qualified to participate in.  You are aware that SPJA Events will be conducted in facilities open to the public. You agree and warrant that if at any time You believe conditions of any SPJA Event activity to be unsafe, You will immediately discontinue further participation in any such activity. You intend and desire for this Waiver and Liability Release to be interpreted as broadly as permitted under California law.  This Waiver and Liability Release does NOT apply to any acts of gross negligence or intentional, willful, or wanton misconduct on the part of any Released Party.  If You become ill or are injured during Your participation of an SPJA Event, You authorize SPJA, the Venue, or any Official Hotel to seek and obtain such emergency or medical services as may be deemed necessary or appropriate at the time, but understand and agree that they shall not be obligated to do so, and that the liability release and waiver above applies to the provision of such emergency or medical care or services. You may be billed and agree to pay for any such services, including ambulance transport.
DAMAGE YOU CAUSE. You agree that if You break, deface, damage, or destroy any real or personal property, or hurt or injure another person, in connection with Your participation in an SPJA Event, including but not limited to the property of SPJA, the Venue, any Official Hotel, or the City, You shall be solely and personally liable and responsible for paying any and all costs to repair or replace such property, injury and care of such persons, and incidental or consequential damages relating to the damaged property or personal injury.
MODIFICATION OF THESE TERMS OF PARTICIPATION AND POLICIES. SPJA reserves the right, at its discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of these TOP and SPJA Policies at any time without prior notice. If SPJA changes these TOP, we will provide you notice of these changes, by sending an email, posting a notice on the SPJA Website or updating the “Last Updated” date on the SPJA Websites. Please check these TOP and any SPJA Policies periodically for any changes. Your continued participation in SPJA Events and use of SPJA Websites after the posting of any policy change constitutes your binding acceptance of such change. For any material changes to these TOP, the amended terms will automatically be effective thirty days after they are initially posted on an SPJA Website unless you contact us to discuss any questions or comments during that time period. We will always make a reasonable effort to notify you if we do change these TOP.
GENERAL TERMS. No waiver or amendment of any provision of these TOP will be effective unless in writing. These TOP shall be construed using the laws of the State of California, except as they may apply to conflicts of law. The language in all parts of these TOP shall be construed as a whole in accordance with its fair meaning, not for or against any party, and without regard to any statutes that provide for the language of an agreement to be construed against the drafter. If any provision herein is determined to be unenforceable, that provision shall be severed, and all other provisions shall remain in effect. You consent to the jurisdiction of any federal or state court within the County of Los Angeles, State of California. These TOP shall bind and be for the benefit of Yourself, SPJA, and each of the respective party’s heirs, fiduciaries, successors, and assigns. You have not relied upon any promise, representation, or warranty in signing these TOP. These TOP will continue in full force and effect even after the conclusion of the Event. You understand and agree that your electronic submission of agreement to these TOP constitutes an electronic signature that is as legally binding as your signature on a hard copy of the Waiver. Further, You agree that no certification authority or other third-party verification is required to validate this electronic signature, and that the lack of such certification or third-party verification shall not in any way effect the legal enforceability of these TOP.
YOU AGREE TO THESE TERMS OF THIS PARTICIPATION AND LIABILITY RELEASE & WAIVER, AND SUBMIT THIS REGISTRATION FORM VOLUNTARILY, OF YOUR OWN FREE WILL AND FREE OF PRESSURE, DURESS, OR THREAT OF DURESS. I HAVE READ THESE ENTIRE TERMS OF PARTICIPATION AND THE SPJA POLICIES AT WWW.ANIME-EXPO.ORG/LEGAL CAREFULLY. YOUUNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT BY ACCEPTING THESE TOP AND LIABILITY RELEASE & WAIVER, YOU HAVE GIVEN UP CONSIDERABLE FUTURE LEGAL RIGHTS. YOUR CHECKING THE BOX SAYING THAT YOU AGREE OR SUBMITTING THIS REGISTRATION APPLICATION IS PROOF THAT YOU INTEND AND AGREE TO SIGN AND BE FULLY BOUND BY A COMPLETE AND UNCONDITIONAL WAIVER AND RELEASE OF ALL LIABILITY OF THE RELEASED PARTIES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT OF THE LAW.
PARENT OR GUARDIAN’S ADDITIONAL RELEASE FOR MINORS. You, the person submitting this Registration, represent and affirm that You are the parent or legal guardian of the Minor whose name appears in the Registration, and that You have the authority to enter into this legal contract on the Minor’s behalf. I understand and agree that the above Terms of Participation, including the Liability Release & Waiver and the SPJA Policies, including the Privacy Policy, at www.anime-expo.org/legal, apply to the Minor and to me.
I have read, understand and agree to be legally bound by the SPJA Terms of Participation, including the Liability Release & Waiver and the SPJA Policies, including the Privacy Policy, at www.anime-expo.org/legal.  I represent and warrant I am over 18 years old and I am competent to sign contracts.
(Direct URL)
Ticketing Policies
Ticketing Booth Hours
The Anime Expo Event Ticketing Booth will be open during the convention to accommodate all onsite ticket sales, will call pick up for both tickets, and any associated giveaway items.  Additionally, we provide a Customer Service Station in the Premier Fan Lounge and a Will Call Satellite in front of any offsite venue (i.e., the Microsoft Theater, Novo, Shrine Auditorium, etc.).
For Hours of Operation, please see the Hours & Maps page.
Cancellation Policy
By purchasing a ticket to attend an event hosted by the Society for the Promotion of Japanese Animation (SPJA) at Anime Expo, you agree not to sell or share your ticket or email confirmation.  In the event the SPJA determines in its sole discretion that you have violated this policy, the SPJA can cancel your ticket(s) and keep any money paid by you.  Confirmations and/or tickets that have been sold or provided by anyone other than the SPJA/Anime Expo will not be honored.  The SPJA/Anime Expo reserves the right to refuse admission, service and cancel your ticket(s) at their sole discretion without liability.
You must provide an individual name for each ticket upon purchase and each name must match a valid government-issued photo ID.  If the SPJA determines you have purchased more than one ticket in your name for any event, the SPJA reserves the right to cancel your duplicate ticket(s) and issue you a refund less the processing.
Types of Payment Accepted
Cash, American Express, Discover Card, Visa, and Mastercard
Refund & Exchange Policy
All sales are final. No refunds or exchanges.  No refunds will be given for missed shows.  See Door Open and Close Policy.
Lost/Stolen Tickets
The ticket purchaser is solely responsible for the tickets purchased.  Lost or stolen tickets will not be replaced or refunded.
Child Admission Policy
For most events, children 2 years of age and younger do not require a ticket to be admitted at any ticketed event; however, they must sit on an adult’s lap and may not occupy a seat.  Any child 3 years of age and older will require a ticket to enter the event area or venue and must occupy their ticketed seat only.  Please note that some events may have a different age policy.  Please see the specific event page or contact events@anime-expo.org or come to the Ticketing Booth for further information.
Will Call
Will Call is located at the Ticketing Booth.  Tickets may be picked up onsite at the Los Angeles Convention Center in front of West Hall beginning on July 3, 2019 (Day 0).  It is recommended that you pick up your tickets no later than 2 hours before the start of the event to allow plenty of time to find the venue and be checked in once doors open for seating.  You are required to present the following items to pick up your ticket:
Order Confirmation or mobile device showing the barcode
Government-issued photo ID showing date of birth (Driver’s license, State ID, Military ID, passport)
Anime Expo badge
All attendees under the age of 18 must be accompanied by an adult in order to pick up a ticket in order to show a valid Government-issued photo ID.
Transfer/Name Change Policy
You are allowed to transfer ticket(s) to another person and/or change the names of each ticket holder in the order.  The deadline to transfer ticket(s) and/or change names is June 1, 2019.
Online
Name changes can be done by logging in to My Tickets on the ShowClix.com website OR
Send an email to events@anime-expo.org to submit your request to transfer your ticket(s) or submit names changes and provide the following information:
Buyer’s name
Confirmation order number
Event tickets purchased for
Name of person you are transferring ticket(s) to & their email address OR  Name of current ticket holder and the name of the new ticket holder
After Deadline/Onsite at the Ticketing Booth
Transfer/name change requests made after the deadline will be subject to a $5 processing fee.
Online requests can no longer be done through your ShowClix account via My Tickets. You must email events@anime-expo.org and include the information listed above OR
Transfers/name changes can be done anytime at the Ticketing Booth during the posted days/hours of operation at a Customer Service window.
Upgrade Policy
The buyer can upgrade event ticket(s) by doing the following:
Purchase ticket(s) in the higher priced tier, then contact Ticketing (events@anime-expo.org) and provide the following information:
Name of buyer and email address used for order
Name of event ticket(s) purchased for
Order confirmation number for:
Original order that you would like refunded
New order you are keeping as the upgrade to the original order.
Once a request has been received and processed, you will receive notification that the original order has been cancelled.
Deadline to process an upgrade request is June 1, 2019.
Wheelchair and Accessible Seating Policy
Accessible/disabled seating is available for all price levels for each venue/event location. Accessible seating is reserved exclusively for attendees with accessible needs and their companions. Anime Expo attendees purchasing accessible seating may purchase one (1) accessible seat and one (1) companion seat adjacent to the accessible seat. Depending on the availability, seats for additional guests will be located as close as possible to the accessible space. This policy ensures that we are able to provide reasonable accommodation for attendees who require accessible seating.  If you need specific accommodations, please email Ticketing at events@anime-expo.org so we can ensure wheelchair-accessible locations are reserved for guests who require such accommodation.  There is limited availability to accommodate other special needs as well.  There is no guarantee that companion tickets will remain unsold and available.
For general information on services offered for attendees with disabilities, please read our Reason Accommodations for Attendees with Disabilities Policy on the Anime Expo website or send an email to ADA@anime-expo.org.
Purchasing Accessible Tickets
Visit www.anime-expo.org, find your event, click the “TICKETS” link and view ticket selections.   For additional information and/or to submit your ticket request, contact events@anime-expo.org.
Wristband Policy
Some events may either require a wristband for admission instead of a ticket OR in addition to a ticket if the event has an 18+ age restriction.  When issued a wristband, please refrain from tampering, in any fashion, with wristbands or you may be denied entry.
Event Admission
If a wristband is issued in lieu of a ticket for admission to an event, you will be required to go to Will Call for pick up.  Lost or stolen event wristbands will not be replaced or refunded.
18+ Ticketed Events
Most 18+ Ticketed Events (for example, but not limited to, 18+ Panels, Workshops, and Video Screening Rooms) will require a wristband from either an Information Services Booth (located in South Hall, 2nd Floor Concourse Hall, West Hall Lobby and Gilbert-Lindsay Plaza outside West Hall) or Event Operations (West Hall Room 508B) along with a valid Badge.  Only those who are verified with an acceptable ID that they are 18 years of age or over as of the event date will be issued a wristband.  Must be applied to attendee’s wrist by Info Services, Event Operations or Ticketing volunteers.
NOTE:  NOT ALL 18+ Events require an 18+ wristband.  You will be required to show a valid Government-issued photo ID showing date of birth at the door for admission based on event requirement.  Please refer to the event page for specific details on what will be required if there is an age restriction.
For events that do require an 18+ wristband as well as a ticket for entry during check-in, please note the following:
18+ wristbands can only be applied by an authorized Ticketing, Event Operations or Info Services volunteer.
Refrain from tampering, in any fashion, with wristbands provided for entry or you may be denied entry.
You may NOT escort another person under the age of 18 into an 18+ event.
Restrictions and Prohibited Items/Actions
Cameras/Photography Restrictions
Non-professional, non-flash still photography is permitted at most events (disposable, digital or 35mm cameras with no interchangeable or telephoto lens).  However, for some events, at the request of the artist/performer, cameras of any type may be prohibited.  For more information as well as policies pertaining to video recording, please refer to the Photography & Video Policy.  For events held at venues outside of the Los Angeles Convention Center (i.e., Microsoft Theater, the Novo, Shrine Auditorium, etc.), please refer to their website for their policy pertaining to Photograph & Video Recording.
Strollers
Per fire marshal code, strollers are not allowed in the seated areas of a venue and cannot block any walkways or aisles. Attendees are encouraged to leave strollers in their vehicles or in the Bag Check area during an event.  Limited stroller parking may be available for some event locations, but not guaranteed.
Prohibited Items/Actions
The following is a general list of prohibited items for all events held at the Los Angeles Convention Center and JW Marriott and is subject to change:
No food or beverages (bottled water is acceptable)
No bags that exceed 14” x 14” (i.e., large bags, backpacks, suitcases, etc.)
No weapons (i.e., knives, swords, bokken, pepper spray, mace, etc.)
No oversized costumes or oversized props (with the exception of Masquerade contestants).
No selfie sticks
No noise making devices, air horns, whistles
No signs, flags or banners
No smoking or vaping.
No running in the aisles or rows.
Always check the event page for specific policies/information regarding prohibited items or restrictions as well as the website for any outside venues Anime Expo events may be hosted at (i.e., Microsoft Theater, the Novo, etc.).
Door Open & Close Policy
Door opening times are generally 30 minutes prior to the start of the show for all Maid Café, Butler Café, After Hours and Escape Game shows.  Door opening times for all other shows/concerts is 60 minutes prior to the start of the show but can vary according to the event.  Therefore, it is recommended that you check the event page and your ticket for specific information regarding when doors will open for your event AND ticket type.
Door closing times are always when the event is scheduled to start.  Please check the event page to confirm the following:
Maid Café, Butler Café and After Hours: Once doors close, no late arrivals will be admitted.  No refunds or exchanges for missed show.
Concerts/Special Events/Masquerade: Once doors close, late arrivals may continue to be admitted until a designated time or may be held in the entryway until intermission.  No refunds or exchanges for arrivals after the designated cutoff time.
Re-Entry Policy
Anime Expo has a “No Re-Entry” policy for ALL ticketed events.  Attendees who wish to return a prohibited item to their vehicle or store in Bag Check or need to exit and re-enter due to a personal emergency must first make contact with either a Ticketing or Front of House Manager to make necessary arrangements.
Ticket Re-Sale
To avoid problems with counterfeit, stolen or voided tickets, attendees should make all their purchases through SPJA/Anime Expo authorized websites only.
The resale of tickets (“scalping”) is against the law and will not be permitted.  Reselling online will result in badge and ticket(s) being cancelled without refund.   Scalping/ reselling onsite, in or around the Los Angeles Convention Center or LA Live area, is prohibited and strictly enforced
Los Angeles Municipal Code. 42.03 states:  “No person in or upon any public street, sidewalk, or other public place shall sell or re-sell or offer to sell or resell any ticket of admission to a place of public assemblage.  No person in or upon any place which is open to the public shall sell or re-sell or offer to sell or re-sell any ticket of admission to a place of public assemblage.”
Youth Protection
1.Purpose and Goals
The Society for the Promotion of Japanese Animation (SPJA) recognizes the importance of protecting youth participants in SPJA events and activities, including online activities. SPJA has adopted a zero tolerance policy with regard to actions or behaviors that threaten the safety of young people, including violence, bullying, sexual harassment, sexual assault, and other inappropriate or potentially harmful actions or behaviors. SPJA views the safety and security of all participants—especially young people—as a top priority.
All participants at SPJA events and activities (including online activities) are encouraged to report any unsafe or inappropriate behaviors, conditions, or circumstances, including any violation of this Youth Protection Policy or violation of any other policy or rule intended to promote a safe environment.
This Youth Protection Policy has been developed with sensitivity to the unique cultural aspects of SPJA’s mission, events, and other activities.
The goals of this policy include:
Increasing awareness about potential risks and recognizing each individual’s ability to help protect SPJA’s youth participants;
Inspiring confidence and competence in identifying dangerous situations and behaviors; and
Creating a safe and fun environment for SPJA’s youth participants.
2. Scope
This policy applies to all SPJA-managed facilities and venues and to SPJA events and activities (including online activities), as well as to all individuals involved with or participating in SPJA events and activities, including employees, volunteers, panelists, performers, Guests of Honor (GOH), members of a GOH’s or performer’s entourage, Artist Alley participants, exhibitors, vendors, press (including reporters, photographers, and videographers), and others.
SPJA encourages everyone to:
RECOGNIZE that each individual can help protect youth;
IDENTIFY harmful actions and report them to an SPJA representative immediately;
CREATE a safe and fun environment for youth.
3. Prohibition of Attendance or Participation in an SPJA Event or Activity
SPJA may refuse to admit or may prohibit the participation of any individual who refuses to comply with SPJA policies, including this Youth Protection Policy. Any person who provides inaccurate or misleading information, or who is disqualified from participation pursuant to Section 5 (Disqualifying Criteria) below, will not be allowed to provide services on behalf of SPJA at that year’s events and activities, and may be permanently disqualified from working with SPJA in the future.
Those desiring to provide goods or services at SPJA events must comply with the following requirements, and not be disqualified under Section 5 (Disqualifying Criteria).
a. Employees & Volunteers
All individuals applying for an employee or volunteer role at SPJA must:
complete an online application
provide appropriate and accurate information, including full legal name
complete SPJA’s online youth protection training at www.youthprotectionportal.org/SPJA
agree to SPJA’s Code of Conduct for employees and volunteers
consent to a criminal history background check conducted by a third party vendor retained by SPJA, and
provide truthful information as required by the background check provider in order to facilitate the background check.
b. Panelists, Performers, Guests of Honor, Guest of Honor or Performer Entourages, and Artist Alley Participants
Each panelist, performer, Guest of Honor (GOH), GOH or performer entourage member, and Artist Alley participant who will attend SPJA events is strongly encouraged to complete SPJA’s youth protection training available at www.youthprotectionportal.org/SPJA. The training provides information and tips to help you contribute to a safe and comfortable event or activity environment for all attendees and participants, especially youth.
Although panelists, performers, Guests of Honor (GOH), GOH or performer entourage members, and Artist Alley participants are not required to complete a background check, they are strongly encouraged to do so, and may do so at SPJA’s expense through its third party vendor.  They are also strongly encouraged to discuss internally and with SPJA how to use carefully focused background checks to disqualify people with known histories of misconduct involving youth, as part of an industry-wide conversation about youth protection.
c. Exhibitors, Vendors, and Members of the Press and Industry
Each exhibitor, vendor, member of the press, or member of industry who will attend SPJA events is strongly encouraged to complete SPJA’s youth protection training available at www.youthprotectionportal.org/SPJA. The training provides information and tips to help you contribute to a safe and comfortable event or activity environment for all attendees and participants, especially youth.
Although exhibitors, vendors, members of the press, and members of industry are not required to complete a background check, they are strongly encouraged to do so.  They are also strongly encouraged to discuss internally and with SPJA how to use carefully focused background checks to disqualify people with known histories of misconduct involving youth, as part of an industry-wide conversation about youth protection.
4. Code of Conduct
To promote a safe environment and protect the many young participants at SPJA events and activities, SPJA has adopted a Code of Conduct which specifies behavioral expectations for SPJA employees and volunteers.
5. Disqualifying Criteria
a. Employees and Volunteers:
Any SPJA employee, volunteer, or applicant for an employee or volunteer position will be deemed ineligible for service or participation at SPJA if the individual:
fails to complete a required screening process or fails to provide necessary information required to complete the check.
otherwise provides information that is false or intended to be misleading;
was previously terminated from a paid or volunteer position due to misconduct involving a youth; or
was previously found or determined by SPJA to have engaged in misconduct involving youth at or around an SPJA event or activity; or
b. Panelists, Performers, Guests of Honor, Guest of Honor or Performer Entourages, and Artist Alley Participants:
In addition, and although they are not required to complete background checks, any performer, guest of honor, GOH or performer entourage member, panelist, Artist Alley participant, press, exhibitor, or vendor position will be deemed ineligible for service or participation at SPJA events if the individual:
provides information that is false or intended to be misleading;
was previously terminated from a paid or volunteer position due to misconduct involving a youth; or
was previously found or determined by SPJA to have engaged in misconduct involving youth at or around an SPJA event or activity.
In addition, reportable convictions or disclosures of registrations, for any of the following criminal offenses or registrations will prompt a determination that an applicant for an employee or volunteer role does not meet SPJA’s criminal background screening criteria:
a. Any reportable felony conviction (crimes punishable by confinement greater than one year) involving violence, sexual activity, or harm to children, including distributing alcohol or drugs to minors:
Defined on the basis of exposure for the offense for which the defendant was convicted, pled guilty or pled nolo contendere. If pled down, then the crime to which the defendant ultimately pled.
Defined as all crimes punishable by greater than one year in jail or prison, regardless of how characterized by jurisdiction. If range, alternate sentencing, or indeterminate sentencing with an outer range greater than one year.
b. Any reportable lesser criminal conviction involving force or threat of force against a person
c. Any reportable lesser criminal conviction of a sexual nature or classified as a sex offense including but not limited to ‘victimless’ crimes of a sexual nature such as prostitution, pornography, indecent exposure, and crimes in which sexual relations is an element
d. Any reportable lesser criminal conviction involving cruelty to animals
e. Any reportable lesser criminal conviction involving harm to a minor, including distributing alcohol or drugs to minors
f. Any Sex Offender Registrant
g. Any prior allegations of behavior at an SPJA event or activity that is inconsistent with our Youth Protection Policy.
Appeals Process: Any person for whom a background check is required who does not meet SPJA’s background check criteria will be given the opportunity to: (1) withdraw the application, or (2) dispute the accuracy of the background screening report through an appeals process with the third party background checking firm retained by SPJA.
Any decision regarding disqualified person will be documented and kept in an internal database of persons deemed ineligible for employee or volunteer roles at SPJA.
6. Responsibilities & Expectations
a. Youth Participants
Youth participants are present throughout SPJA events. Because of the crowded nature of SPJA events, children aged 13 years and younger must be chaperoned by an adult at all times. All SPJA representatives must be aware of their surroundings. If you notice an unaccompanied child who you believe to be aged 13 years or younger, contact your supervisor, or an SPJA representative who will notify Security or the Appropriate Supervisor. If the situation requires immediate intervention, engage another SPJA representative to assist you in approaching the child and contacting your supervisor.
SPJA representatives are prohibited from caring for children while providing services on behalf of SPJA. All SPJA representatives should ensure that their own children are under the care of an adult while at SPJA events, and should not agree to watch or take care of another person’s child or children for any amount of time, even momentarily.
b. Lost Child Policy
Unaccompanied children aged 13 years and younger are of an especially vulnerable age and are deemed critical missing. Children aged 14 years and older are not considered critical missing unless the child has a preexisting medical condition such as autism, Down syndrome, cerebral palsy, an intellectual disability, or another similar condition.
When a child deemed critical missing is reported missing, SPJA will use all available resources to find the child. A security officer and/or a designated SPJA staff member will stay with the parents or guardians at all times until the child has been found and reunited with their caretaker.
c. Found Child Policy
When an unaccompanied child aged 13 years or younger is found, the child should be escorted to the Event Operations office by two SPJA representatives or security officers—one male and one female. If the child is uncooperative or emotionally distraught, refrain from forcing the child to comply, and remain with the child in the current location. Request additional support if needed. If the child’s parents or guardians have not come forward to claim the child after 20 minutes, notify your supervisor and an SPJA director will contact the police.
When reuniting a child with their parent or guardian, ask for identification before releasing the child back into the custody of the parent or guardian. Document the identification information and a contact number for the parent or guardian.
d. Safety Concerns and SafeSpace Locations
Any SPJA event attendee who feels unsafe or concerned is encouraged to seek assistance from an SPJA representative, or to proceed to a SafeSpace location. Messaging about SafeSpace locations will be featured during SPJA events, and locations will be clearly marked. As an SPJA representative, one of your important responsibilities is to make sure you know where the SafeSpace locations are located, so that you can properly and compassionately assist any attendee who needs to find a SafeSpace.
e. Social Media
Social media is an important part of the SPJA’s events and activities. In most cases, social media sites and accounts are used to celebrate and promote culture. Young people may be more susceptible to negative experiences on social media sites, more likely to fall victim to harmful behavior, and more likely to engage in risky behavior. Some youth use social media to ‘try on’ alternative versions of themselves, behaving more boldly online than they would in person. Adding to the risk is the fact that youth may not have spoken with their parents or guardians about social media safety. SPJA is committed to providing a safe experience for young fans of culture, including on social media sites sponsored or supported by SPJA.
SPJA will not tolerate any conduct, including online activity, that puts young event participants at risk of physical, emotional or sexual abuse or bullying. Under no circumstances may any content of a sexual nature be transmitted to an underage attendee. Any SPJA attendee or representative who violates this strict policy concerning social media is subject to immediate dismissal. In addition, the transmission of any sexual content or requests for sexual contact made to an underage attendee will be promptly reported to law enforcement.
f. Photography & Video
Photography is generally allowed and encouraged at SPJA events. However, photography is prohibited in certain areas and all SPJA event participants and representatives have the right to privacy. Thus, permission should be obtained before a photograph is taken, and if an individual indicates that they prefer not to have their photograph taken, this should be respected in all cases, including by professional and amateur photographers. Additionally, no youth attendee should be photographed in private, either on-site or off-site, without a parent or guardian.
If you become aware of a situation where a person has been unwillingly photographed, or an inappropriate photograph has been taken, it is your responsibility to notify your supervisor right away. Persons taking inappropriate photographs or photographs of an unwilling subject are subject to discipline, up to and including immediate dismissal from an SPJA event.
g. Costuming & Cosplay
Cosplay is generally allowed and encouraged at SPJA events. However, inappropriate cosplay is prohibited. All SPJA event participants have the right to an expectation of a family-friendly environment. Thus, if you notice someone who is dressed or is behaving inappropriately, it is your responsibility to notify your supervisor right away.
7. Prohibited Activities
a. Abuse and Physical Force
All SPJA representatives are strictly prohibited from engaging in violent behaviors while at SPJA events, including but not limited to abusive or offensive language, hitting or shoving. If you become aware of violent behaviors involving youth, notify your supervisor right away.
This policy does not apply to official demonstrations of martial arts or other performances.
b. Sexual Contact or Communication
All SPJA representatives are strictly prohibited from engaging in sexual activity or contact or discussing sexual activity with any under-age participants. If you become aware of prohibited sexual contact or sexual communication involving youth, contact your supervisor right away.
Some SPJA events and activities feature adult programs that include discussions or displays of content that is sexual in nature. This content is restricted to adults 18 years of age and older. Any SPJA representatives who witness youth participants entering, participating in or attempting to gain access to adult-only programs should contact their supervisor right away.
c. Bullying and Harassment
In addition to the avoidance of physical, emotional and sexual abuse and inappropriate contact, SPJA representatives and participants are strictly prohibited from engaging in bullying or harassment of other participants or SPJA representatives. If you become aware of a bullying or harassment situation, notify your supervisor right away.
d. Inappropriate Photography
Photographs may not be taken in restrooms, dressing rooms, or from an angle intended to expose or reveal a participant’s undergarments or any part of the body intentionally covered by a costume.
8. Reporting
a. Child Abuse Definition
SPJA defines child abuse as any action or inaction that injures or creates the possibility of injury to a child or youth. Injury may be physical, psychological or emotional in nature.
b. Suspected or Actual Child Abuse or Injury
Under California law, SPJA representatives are not mandated reporters of suspected or actual child abuse. However, if you suspect that a child or youth is being injured or abused by anyone—including a parent, guardian, caretaker, unrelated adult, or another child—SPJA requires that you notify your supervisor right away. Your supervisor will be able to help you assess the situation and determine the appropriate steps to take to resolve your concerns.
c. Escalation Process
If you witness an incident, or you are approached by an SPJA attendee who has been a victim or who has witnessed an incident of abuse or misconduct, notify your supervisor right away. Your supervisor will be able to help you assess the situation and determine the appropriate escalation process.
d. Anonymous Report
The SPJA Youth Protection Portal, www.youthprotectionportal.org/SPJA, contains a reporting form through which anyone can report an unsafe or concerning situation or incident. Although employees and volunteers are required to report incidents to their supervisors directly without delay, please make sure you are also familiar with the online reporting form.
Sign Up for Our Newsletter
Email Address*
View All Sponsors
Attention!
You are leaving the Anime Expo website!