http://www.rco.org.uk/privacy_cookies.php
Privacy Policy
Privacy and Cookie Policy
Royal College of Organists | Privacy and Cookie Policy
Privacy & Data Protection
1. OVERVIEW
The Royal
College of Organists, Registered address 116 Pall Mall, London SW1Y 5ED,
Incorporated by Royal Charter, Registered charity number 312847 (‘The RCO’ or
‘The College’) needs to collect and use certain types of information about the Individuals
and Organisations who come into contact with it in order to carry on its work. These
can include members, employees, contractors, suppliers, volunteers, audiences
and potential audiences, business contacts and other people with whom the group
has a relationship, or regularly needs to contact.
This policy
explains how this data should be collected, stored and used, whether on paper,
stored in a computer database, or recorded on other material in order to meet The
College’s data protection standards and, specifically, to comply with the law under
the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR 2018)
2. PURPOSE
OF THIS POLICY
This policy
ensures that The RCO:
Protects the
rights of its members, supporters, Board and Committee members, Trustees,
Contractors and Suppliers
Processes
data lawfully, fairly and in a transparent manner
Collects
data that are specific and limited to legitimate purposes and not further
processed in a manner that is incompatible with those purposes
Complies
with UK data protection law and follows good practice
Is protected
from the risks of a data breach
Processes
data in a manner that ensures the security of personal data and protects against
unauthorised or unlawful processing and against accidental loss, destruction or
damage
3. ROLES AND
RESPONSIBILITIES
This applies
to all those handling data on behalf of The RCO, e.g.:
Board and Committee
members (e.g. Academic Board; Appointments and Awards Board)
Employees
Members
Contractors/3rd-party
suppliers.
Trustees
It applies
to all data that The RCO holds relating to individuals, including but not
limited to:
Names
Email
addresses
Postal
addresses
Phone
numbers
Dates of
birth
Website
access records and email preferences
Qualifications
and other relevant information
Payment
details and purchase history
Any other relevant
personal information held (e.g. financial)
The RCO is
the Data Controller, which means that it determines for what purposes personal
information is held and for what it will be used. For the purposes of this
policy, the Administration Manager, Andrew Macintosh andrew.macintosh@rco.org.uk is
the first point of contact for the Data Controller.
4. DATA
PROTECTION PRINCIPLES
(i) We fairly
& lawfully process personal data.
The RCO will
only collect data where lawful and where necessary for legitimate purposes. In
accordance with the GDPR, data will be processed on the lawful bases of Consent,
Legitimate Interest, Necessary for contract or legal obligation.
Where
consent is required, the College will ensure that individuals have given clear
consent for the use of their personal data for a specific purpose that has been
explained in clear, plain language that is easy to understand. The College will
ensure that consent is given by positively opting in and can be withdrawn at
any time, without detriment, by contacting the Data Controller. The College will
keep a record of when and how it obtained consent from an individual and a
record of exactly what it was told at the time.
Personal data
will be processed under the lawful basis of Contract where it is necessary to
do so for transactions related specifically to membership, including but not
limited to, payment processing, subscription renewals, providing information
regarding member services, event and course information, examination
administration.
The College may
require personal data to be processed under the basis of Legitimate Interest.
An assessment will be undertaken to ensure that this is necessary, would be
reasonably expected by the data subject, will not create an adverse impact on
the data subject, and that we have put safeguards in place to protect data
subjects from any potential harm. Any related communication will state the
purpose of the procedure and will ensure that consent can be withdrawn for a
specific reason, without detriment, by contacting the Data Controller.
Members’
details will be collected when they first join and will be used as a form of Contract
regarding membership services. Other data may subsequently be collected in
relation to their membership, including payment history for subscriptions.
Members’
details will be used to communicate promotional and fundraising activities of
The RCO where there is a legitimate interest to do so. Where consent is
required, this will be secured on an “opt in” basis, clearly explaining why the
data are required and for what they will be used.
The names
and contact details of Trustees, Board and Committee members, employees and
contractors will be collected when they take up a position and will be used
solely to enable communication related to their role, unless prior consent is
otherwise given by the data subject.
Further
information, including personal financial information and criminal records
information may be collected in specific circumstances where lawful and
necessary (e.g. in order to process payment to the person or in order to carry
out a DBS check).
The name, contact details and other details of an individual who is not a
member of The RCO may be collected at any time, such as booking for an event or
showing interest in the organisation. The College will communicate with the data
subject about its related activities, and/or for Direct Marketing related to
the College’s work with the subject’s consent as required.
Whenever The
RCO uses a 3rd party as a processor, a written contract is put in place.
(ii) We only
collect and use data for specified and lawful purposes.
When
collecting data, The RCO will ensure the data subject is notified about what
data are required and for what purposes they will be processed.
We will
never use data for any purpose other than that stated or that can be considered
reasonably related to that purpose.
(iii) We ensure
any data collected are relevant and not excessive.
The RCO will
not collect or store more data than the minimum required for the intended
purpose.
(iv) We ensure
data are accurate and up-to-date
The RCO will
ask members, volunteers and staff regularly to check and update their data.
Any
individual will be able to update their data at any point by contacting the
Data Controller.
(v) We ensure
data are not kept longer than necessary
The RCO will
keep data on individuals for no longer than 36 months after its involvement with
the individual has ceased, unless there is a legal requirement to keep records,
or for statistical and archival purposes.
(vi) We process
data in accordance with individuals’ rights
The
following requests can be made in writing to the Data Controller:
Members and
supporters can request to see any data stored on or about them. Any such
request will be actioned within 30 days of the request being made.
Members and
supporters can request that any inaccurate data held on them are updated. Any
such request will be actioned within 14 days of the request being made.
Members and
supporters can request to stop receiving any marketing communications. Any such
request will be actioned within one month of the request being made.
Members and
supporters can object to any storage or use of data that might cause them
substantial distress of damage, or any automated decisions made based on their
data, including the right to erasure, subject to any legal reason that the RCO
may have to retain the data. Any such objection will be considered by the Director
and a decision communicated within 30 days of the request being made.
(vii) We keep personal data secure.
The RCO will
ensure that:
Data held by
us are kept secure.
Electronically-held
data will be held within a password-protected and secure environment.
Physically-held
data (e.g. membership forms and examination entries) will be stored in a secure
location.
Access to
data will only be given to relevant trustees, employees, members and contractors
where it is clearly necessary for the College’s operation. The Data Controller
will decide in what situations this is applicable and will keep a master list
of who has access to relevant data.
Viii) We only
share members’ data with other members with the subject’s prior consent
As a
membership organisation The RCO encourages communication between its members. To
facilitate this:
Members’
details will be published in the annual Members’ directory, but each member
will also have the option for their details to be excluded.
Members can
request the personal contact data of other members in writing via the Data Controller.
These details will be given, as long as they are only for the purposes of
contacting the subject (e.g. an email address, not financial or any other
personal data) and the subject consents to their data being shared with other
members in this way.
(ix) Direct
Marketing
The RCO will
regularly send information regarding events, areas of legitimate interest and
fundraising activities to consenting members. This includes, but is not
restricted to, contacting them to promote concerts and other events, updating
them about College news, fundraising and other College interests.Whenever
data is collected for this purpose, the College will provide:
A clear and
specific explanation of for what the data will be used
A method for
users to show their active consent to continue receiving these communications
(e.g. a ‘tick box’)
Data thus collected
will only ever be used in the way described and will never be used to market 3rd-party
products unless prior explicit consent has been obtained.
Every
marketing communication will contain a method through which a recipient can
withdraw their consent from subsequent such communications (e.g. an
‘unsubscribe’ link in an email). Opt-out requests such as this will be processed
within one month.
Cookies
The Royal College of Organists uses cookies and similar tools across this website to improve its performance and enhance your user experience. This policy explains how we do that.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files which a website may put on your computer or mobile device when you first visit a site or page. The cookie will help the website, or another website, to recognise your device the next time you visit. Web beacons or other similar files can also do the same thing. We use the term “cookies” in this policy to refer to all files that collect information in this way.
There are many functions cookies serve. For example, they can help us to remember your preferences, analyse how well our website is performing, or ensure that user functions such as examination bookings work properly.
Certain cookies relating to Member services necessarily contain personal information. However, most cookies don’t collect information that identifies you, and will instead collect more general information such as how users arrive at and use our websites, or a user’s general location.
What sort of cookies does the College use?
Generally, our cookies perform up to three different functions:
1. Essential cookies
Some cookies are essential for the operation of our website. For example, some cookies allow us to identify Members and ensure they can access the Member only pages. If a Member opts to disable these cookies, the Member will not be able to access all of the content that their Membership entitles them to.
2. Performance Cookies
We utilise other cookies to analyse how our visitors use our websites and to monitor website performance. This allows us to provide a high quality experience by customising our offering and quickly identifying and fixing any issues that arise. For example, we might use performance cookies to keep track of which pages are most popular, which method of linking between pages is most effective, and to determine why some pages are receiving error messages.
3. Functionality Cookies
We use functionality cookies to allow us to remember your preferences and to enable the delivery of specific services. For example, cookies help you access the Member only area, and to carry out certain functions such as booking examinations, downloading past papers, watching videos on iRCO, and so on.
Does anyone else use cookies on the RCO website?
We do not allow advertisers or other third parties to place cookies via the RCO website. The only exception is that like many companies, we use Google Analytics to help us monitor our website traffic and improve its performance over time so that we can improve the services it provides and its relevance for visitors.
Can a website user block cookies?
As we’ve explained above, cookies help you to get the most out of our websites. By continuing to access our site, you are consenting to our use of cookies.
However, if you do wish to disable our cookies then please follow the instructions for your browser at http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/
Please remember that if you do choose to disable cookies, you may find that certain sections of our website do not work properly
Do we track whether users open our emails?
Our emails, including our monthly e-News and e-Diary mailings, may contain a single, campaign-unique “web beacon pixel” to tell us whether our emails are opened and verify any clicks through to links within the email. We may use this information for determining which of our emails are more interesting to users in order to improve the content over time. The pixel will be deleted when you delete the email.
More Information
More detail on how businesses use cookies is available at www.allaboutcookies.org.