http://www.picturesalon.com/privacy-policy
Picture Salon
Fine Art Giclée Printing Services
Questions? Call us at   888 833-1102
(0) Item(s) $0.00
View Cart
Customer Login
Print on Canvas
Print on Paper
Greeting Cards
Art Capture
Other Services
Giclée Pricing
Gallery Wrap
Mirrored Edges
Gallery Wrap
Colored Edges
Gallery Wrap
Extended Image
Framing Wrap
Rolled Canvas
Fine Art Papers - Textured
Somerset Velvet
Elegance
Fine Art Papers - Smooth
Fine Art Bright White
Ultrasmooth
Photo Rag
Bamboo
Photo Papers
Premium Glossy
Premium Luster
Premium Semimatte
Metallic Silver
Poster Papers
Enhanced Matte
Proofing
Match Proof
Double Proof
Single Proof
Photo Retouching
Red eye removal
Date removal
Dry Mounting
Mounted on Foam Core
Mounted on Gatorboard
Laminating
3 mil - Glossy Laminate
3 mil - Matte Laminate
Backing Boards
Foam Core - acid free
Backing Board - Standard
Foam Core - standard
Print Sleeves
Print Sleeves
Scanning Service
Original Art Capture
5 x 7 Cards
Deckled Edge
Fine Art Vellum
Smooth White Heavyweight
Smooth White
4 x 6 Cards
Smooth White Notecard
Proofing
Art Capture
Photo Retouching
Matting
Dry Mounting
Laminating
Print Sleeves
Backing Boards
Card Sleeves
Card Boxes
Privacy Policy
This web site is maintained by Crozier Interactive Partners, LLC, doing business as Picture Salon ("Picture Salon"). At Picture Salon, we recognize the importance of privacy to our visitors. We also recognize that many visitors to our site are concerned about the information they provide us, and how we treat that information. So we've developed a formal privacy policy to assure you that we take seriously our responsibility to protect customer information, and to use it only in ways that are consistent with your wishes. We may update the policy from time to time, so please check in occasionally.
You can reach us 24 hours a day, 7 days a week by sending email to info@picturesalon.com. If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, you can contact us at: Picture Salon, 6225 University Avenue, Madison, WI 53705. We will be happy to answer your questions or hear your concerns.
OUR POLICY
We do not collect personally-identifiable information from individuals unless they provide it to us voluntarily and knowingly at picturesalon.com. If you are just browsing picturesalon.com and learning about our products, we invite you to do so. As a casual, unregistered visitor to our site, we'll recognize your home server (e.g., that your web access is through AOL.com), but not your e-mail address or any other personal or system information.
We deliver our printing services through the mail, so if you want to order our products it will be necessary for you to provide personally-identifiable information. This will include your name, address, phone number and, if you place an order online, credit card information. Any information you provide is downloaded off of the web server to a secure system and is maintained there.
OUR CUSTOMER LIST
When you purchase items from our web site, you are automatically added to our customer list. We will not share any of your personal information with any third parties at any time. If you prefer not to receive mailings from us, please advise us by using the mail, phone or e-mail address provided above. Please include your name and address if you are contacting us by mail or e-mail. We will ensure that your name is removed from the list.
CONTACTS FROM US
We read every e-mail that we receive and do our best to respond within 48 hours, if a response is required. We save a very limited number of e-mail messages, but only until the issue is resolved. We do not record email addresses, unless you have voluntarily provided it to us in your online customer service registration.
If you did provide us with your e-mail address, we may notify you from time to time about Picture Salon products or services that may be of interest to you. If you prefer not to receive these e-mail notifications, please follow the "Opt-out" instructions included with the e-mail or contact us at info@picturesalon.com.
COOKIES
Like most companies, we use "cookies" (small pieces of information stored on your computer) on certain parts of our web site. The cookie allows us to manage your session. This is necessary to ensure that we keep your order together while you browse through the catalog and select items for purchase. We do not use the cookie to collect any type of personal information, and the cookie doesn't extract any information from your computer.
SECURITY ONLINE
Most of our forms, especially when ordering a product or using online customer service, use secure pages to insure that the information sent between your computer and our system is secure. This is always true if we are asking you for payment information.
We use the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption method on all secure submissions. This method is generally accepted to insure that the transmission of personal information, such as account numbers and credit card information is secure. The most common browsers make it very obvious when information is being passed in a secure manner by showing either a completed key or a closed lock on the screen.
PRIVACY
Picture Salon does not share or resell your personal information such as email address, mailing address, phone number with any third party.
Company Information
About Us
Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Wholesale Accounts
Blog
Site Map
About Giclee
Ordering Information
First Time Questions
Shipping & Turnaround Time
Order Status & Tracking
Replacements & Returns
Customer Reviews
Gift Cards
Customer Utilities
Technical Questions
Customer Login
Upload Image Files
ICC Profiles
Standard Frame Sizes
Get Latest Promotions & Deals
Follow Us On:
Shop with Confidence:
Copyright © 2020 Picture Salon All Rights Reserved
Instant Quote
Canvas
Paper
<Paper Type>
Somerset Velvet
Elegance
Fine Art Bright White
Ultrasmooth
Photo Rag
Bamboo
Premium Glossy
Premium Luster
Premium Semimatte
Metallic Silver
Enhanced Matte
<Canvas Style>
Gallery Wrap - Mirrored Edges - ¾" Bar
Gallery Wrap - Mirrored Edges - 1 ½" Bar
Gallery Wrap - Extend Image - ¾" Bar
Gallery Wrap - Extend Image - 1 ½" Bar
Gallery Wrap - Solid Color Edges - ¾" Bar
Gallery Wrap - Solid Color Edges - 1 ½" Bar
Framing Wrap - ¾" Bar, side-stapled
Rolled Canvas (1" border added per side for stapling)
<Canvas Type>
Standard Canvas
Chromata
<Finish>
Matte
Glossy
<Standard Size>
8x10
9x12
10x8
11x14
12x9
12x16
14x11
15x20
16x20
16x12
18x24
20x15
20x16
20x24
20x30
22x28
24x18
24x20
24x30
24x32
24x36
28x22
30x20
30x24
30x40
32x24
32x40
36x24
36x48
40x30
40x32
40x60
48x36
60x40
OR
Enter A Custom Size
X
Quantity:
Single Print Price $----
Single Print w 10% disc. $----
Qty Discounts:
Total
$----
Close