http://www.eastudios.com/terms-conditions/
HomeArtNew InSpecial OffersGift VouchersShop By Artists- Artists A-Z- Most Popular- Emerging ArtistsShop By Category- View All Paintings- View All Prints- Views of Dundee- Antiquities- Ceramics & Sculpture- Golf ScenesHome & GiftsArtists GiftwareWhisky GiftwareCandles and Wax MeltsLadycrow ScarvesBroughty Ferry and Dundee GiftwareOur Gift Shop, Broughty FerryGift VouchersEventsAboutContact
+44 1382 737011
View Basket
Thank you! Your submission has been received!
Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form
HomeArtNew InSpecial OffersGift VouchersShop By Artist- Artists A-Z- Most Popular- Emerging ArtistsShop By Category- View All Paintings- View All Prints- Views of Dundee- Antiquities- Ceramics & Sculpture- Golf ScenesHome & GiftsArtists GiftwareWhisky GiftwareCandles and Wax MeltsLadycrow ScarvesBroughty Ferry and Dundee GiftwareOur Gift Shop, Broughty FerryGift VouchersEventsAboutContact
Menu
Close
Basket
Search
Thank you! Your submission has been received!
Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions of website use
Please read these terms of use carefully before you start to use the site. By using our site, you indicate that you accept these terms of use and that you agree to abide by them. If you do not agree to these terms of use, please refrain from using our site.
In General
Access to and use of this Website and the products and services available through this Website (collectively, the “Services”) are subject to the following terms, conditions and notices (the “Terms of Service”). By using the Services, you are agreeing to all of the Terms of Service, as may be updated by us from time to time. You should check this page regularly to take notice of any changes we may have made to the Terms of Service.
Access to this Website is permitted on a temporary basis, and we reserve the right to withdraw or amend the Services without notice. We will not be liable if for any reason this Website is unavailable at any time or for any period. From time to time, we may restrict access to some parts or all of this Website.
This Website also contains links to other websites, which are not operated by eastudios.com (the “Linked Sites”). Eastudios.com has no control over the Linked Sites and accepts no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them. Your use of the Linked Sites will be subject to the terms of use and service contained within each such site.
Privacy Policy
Our privacy policy, which sets out how we will use your information, can be found at Privacy Policy. By using this Website, you consent to the processing described therein and warrant that all data provided by you is accurate.
Prohibitions
You must not misuse this Website. You will not: commit or encourage a criminal offence; transmit or distribute a virus, trojan, worm, logic bomb or post any other material which is malicious, technologically harmful, in breach of confidence or in any way offensive or obscene; hack into any aspect of the Service; corrupt data; cause annoyance to other users; infringe upon the rights of any other person’s proprietary rights; send any unsolicited advertising or promotional material, commonly referred to as “spam”; or attempt to affect the performance or functionality of any computer facilities of or accessed through this Website. Breaching this provision would constitute a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. Eastudios.com will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and disclose your identity to them.
We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of this Website or to your downloading of any material posted on it, or on any website linked to it.
Intellectual Property, Software and Content
The intellectual property rights in all software and content made available to you on or through this Website remains the property of eastudios.com or its licensors and are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved by eastudios.com and its licensors. You may store, print and display the content supplied solely for your own personal use. You are not permitted to publish, manipulate, distribute or otherwise reproduce, in any format, any of the content or copies of the content supplied to you or which appears on this Website nor may you use any such content in connection with any business or commercial enterprise.
You shall not modify, translate, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble or create derivative works based on any software or accompanying documentation supplied by eastudios.com or its licensors. No licence or consent is granted to you to use these marks in any way, and you agree not to use these marks or any marks which are colourably similar without the written permission of eastudios.com.
Submission of material
By submitting images and text to us, you grant eastudios.com the royalty-free right and license, to use your jpg images and supporting text, to reproduce, modify, edit, adapt, publish, distribute and display such material (in whole, or part) worldwide and/or to incorporate it in other forms, media, or technology now known, or later developed for marketing and promotion purposes. You also acknowledge that eastudios.com is not obliged to publish any material submitted by you on any EAS publication.
Terms of Sale
How a contract is formed between you and us
Using Our Website:
After placing an order on Our Website, you will receive a Confirmation Email. This does not mean that your order has been accepted. Your order constitutes an offer to us to buy the product(s) you have ordered. All orders are subject to acceptance by us.
Orders will only be accepted by us upon dispatch of the product(s) you have ordered. We will confirm such acceptance to you by sending you an email which confirms that the order has been dispatched (“Dispatch Confirmation”).
The contract will be formed when we send you the Dispatch Confirmation, unless we notify you that we do not accept your order or if you have cancelled it.
By placing an order you are offering to purchase a product on and subject to the following terms and conditions. All orders are subject to availability and confirmation of the order price.
Dispatch times may vary according to availability and any guarantees or representations made as to delivery times are limited to mainland UK and subject to any delays resulting from postal delays or force majeure for which we will not be responsible. Please see our Deliveries section for more information
In order to contract with eastudios.com you must be over 18 years of age and possess a valid credit or debit card issued by a bank acceptable to us. Eastudios.com retains the right to refuse any request made by you. If your order is accepted we will inform you by email or phone and we will confirm the identity of the party which you have contracted with. This will usually be EAS or may in some cases be a third party. Where a contract is made with a third party EAS is not acting as either agent or principal and the contract is made between yourself and that third party and will be subject to the terms of sale which they supply you. When placing an order you undertake that all details you provide to us are true and accurate, that you are an authorised user of the credit or debit card used to place your order and that there are sufficient funds to cover the cost of the goods. The cost of foreign products and services may fluctuate. All prices advertised are subject to such changes.
1. Our Contract
When you place an order, you will receive an acknowledgement e-mail or phone confirming receipt of your order: this communication will only be an acknowledgement and will not constitute acceptance of your order. A contract between us will not be formed until we provide you with confirmation by e-mail or phone that the goods which you ordered have been dispatched to you. Only those goods listed in the confirmation e-mail sent at the time of dispatch will be included in the contract formed.
2. Pricing and Availability
Whilst we try and ensure that all details, descriptions and prices which appear on this Website are accurate, errors may occur. If we discover an error in the price of any goods which you have ordered we will inform you of this as soon as possible and give you the option of reconfirming your order at the correct price or cancelling it. If we are unable to contact you we will treat the order as cancelled. If you cancel and you have already paid for the goods, you will receive a full refund.
Delivery costs will be charged in addition; such additional charges are clearly displayed where applicable and included in the ‘Total Cost’ non your order confirmation.
3. Payment
EAS uses a third party provider, PayPal, to provide secure online payment services. However, you do not have to have a PayPal account to purchase. Use of PayPal is subject to PayPal’s own terms and conditions and privacy policy. There are links to these from the PayPal payment pages. You can find out more about PayPal at their website http://www.paypal.co.uk . If you would like to pay by another method, please contact us directly.
Discount Codes
1) Promotional discount codes – We may from time to time offer promotional discount codes which may apply in respect of any, or certain specified, purchases made though this Website.
2) Only ONE discount code can be used in an individual transaction.
Gift Vouchers
1) Gift vouchers do not have an end date – this is so you have ample time to choose something to your liking.
2) We’re afraid we can’t accept any responsibility for stolen or mislaid gift vouchers but please contact the gallery if this is the case.
3) We’ll despatch your gift voucher either as soon as payment has been cleared or on your specified delivery date (if this is later). We’re afraid we can’t be responsible for any delays, no matter how they are caused.
4) If you are the purchaser, please double check the delivery address you enter – it is your responsibility to do so and we’re afraid we can’t be held responsible if a gift voucher is used by someone other than your recipient if the address entered is incorrect.
In addition, we can’t take responsibility for any gift vouchers that are lost or used by someone other than your recipient after delivery. Make sure your recipient has received their gift voucher, as it is their responsibility to keep the voucher details safe.
5) We reserve the right to vary these terms and conditions at any time.
The conditions of use relating to any discount code will be specified at the time of issue.
Deliveries / Returns
It’s a small world, and with over 30 years’ experience packaging and sending artwork worldwide, we are justifiably proud of our renowned service to both national and international clients.
UK mainland; Large items including framed paintings and prints are normally sent via specialised Art Carrier. This service can take up to 14 days for delivery. For this service, delivery times are approximate and not guaranteed, and no compensation for delay is available with this service.
Small items are normally sent via Royal Mail recorded delivery or carrier.
Please see delivery schedule below.
Rest of World; All items being sent to destinations out with the UK are normally sent via Parcel Force International. Standard (Value) and Priority services are available on request. For all non-UK destinations please contact us for a shipping quotation.
All items are fully insured and delivered directly to your door.
If goods have not been delivered within 21 days of order, please contact Eduardo Alessandro Studios who will initiate a Tracking Search.
Delivery Schedule
We aim to deliver your order immediately, subject to stock availability. We will normally send your order to you in 2 business days (jewellery, gift and small items). Framed paintings, prints and large items may be subject to 14 days delivery. Items which are listed as Available on backorder may be subject to 21 days delivery. For confirmation please contact us.
International orders are subject to the delivery schedule of the carrier to that destination.
Returns Policy
Should any product purchased from Eduardo Alessandro Studios be found to be faulty or proven to be mis-represented at the time of purchase then we will be pleased to arrange to either refund or replace the product at the discretion of the customer. The cost of return postage in this case will be met by Eduardo Alessandro Studios. Should an item incur damage in transit then it will be replaced or made good at the expense of Eduardo Alessandro Studios. Damaged goods must be reported to us via email within 3 days of receipt and accompanied by photographs showing the damage. If this is not possible then please contact us.
Your rights to return goods are protected under the EU Distance Selling Directive which can be found at http://www.hmso.gov.uk/si/si2000/20002334.htm
Damaged Goods
Damaged goods must be reported within 3 days of receipt, and will only be replaced upon their return to Eduardo Alessandro Studios.
Back Orders
Items which are listed as Available on backorder may be subject to 21 days delivery. For confirmation please contact us. International orders are subject to the delivery schedule of the carrier to that destination. Backordered items are not charged until they are shipped.
Tax Charges
1. UK & EU Destinations
Our listed prices include 20% VAT (Value Added Tax). VAT is applicable for all orders being sent within the UK or the European Union.
2. Non-EU Destinations
Orders which are being sent to destinations out with the EU are not subject to VAT. In this case to confirm the price less VAT, please contact us.
Disclaimer of Liability
The material displayed on this Website is provided without any guarantees, conditions or warranties as to its accuracy. Unless expressly stated to the contrary to the fullest extent permitted by law eastudios.com and its suppliers, content providers and advertisers hereby expressly exclude all conditions, warranties and other terms which might otherwise be implied by statute, common law or the law of equity and shall not be liable for any damages whatsoever, including but without limitation to any direct, indirect, special, consequential, punitive or incidental damages, or damages for loss of use, profits, data or other intangibles, damage to goodwill or reputation, or the cost of procurement of substitute goods and services, arising out of or related to the use, inability to use, performance or failures of this Website or the Linked Sites and any materials posted thereon, irrespective of whether such damages were foreseeable or arise in contract, tort, equity, restitution, by statute, at common law or otherwise. This does not affect eastudios.com’s liability for death or personal injury arising from its negligence, nor for fraudulent misrepresentation, misrepresentation as to a fundamental matter or any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
Linking to this Website
You may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists.
You must not establish a link from any website that is not owned by you.
This Website must not be framed on any other site, nor may you create a link to any part of this Website other than the home page. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless eastudios.com, its directors, officers, employees, consultants, agents, and affiliates, from any and all third party claims, liability, damages and/or costs (including, but not limited to, legal fees) arising from your use this Website or your breach of the Terms of Service.
Variation
Eastudios.com shall have the right in its absolute discretion at any time and without notice to amend, remove or vary the Services and/or any page of this Website.
Invalidity
If any part of the Terms of Service is unenforceable (including any provision in which we exclude our liability to you) the enforceability of any other part of the Terms of Service will not be affected all other clauses remaining in full force and effect. So far as possible where any clause/sub-clause or part of a clause/sub-clause can be severed to render the remaining part valid, the clause shall be interpreted accordingly. Alternatively, you agree that the clause shall be rectified and interpreted in such a way that closely resembles the original meaning of the clause /sub-clause as is permitted by law.
Complaints
We operate a complaints handling procedure which we will use to try to resolve disputes when they first arise, please let us know if you have any complaints or comments.
Waiver
If you breach these conditions and we take no action, we will still be entitled to use our rights and remedies in any other situation where you breach these conditions.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
These terms and conditions are to be construed in accordance with the laws of Scotland and in the event of any dispute or claim associated with these terms and conditions, that dispute or claim shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Scottish courts.
Entire Agreement
The above Terms of Service constitute the entire agreement of the parties and supersede any and all preceding and contemporaneous agreements between you and eastudios.com. Any waiver of any provision of the Terms of Service will be effective only if in writing and signed by a Partner of eastudios.com.
Eduardo Alessandro Studios
30 Gray Street, Broughty Ferry, Dundee, DD5 2BJ, United Kingdom
Phone: +44 (0)1382 737011
Fax: +44 (0)1382 737012
Email: Contact Form
VAT Registration Number 327 2046 80
Contact
Deliveries & Returns
Gift Vouchers
Free Home Trials
Own Art (Art Financing)
Art Valuations
Art Framing
Join Us – Artists
Eduardo Alessandro Studios,30 Gray St,Broughty Ferry,Dundee, DD5 2BJ
+44 1382 737011
Subscribe to our newsletter
Email:
Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy
CHRISTMAS ORDERS
LAST ORDERS FOR CHRISTMAS DELIVERY PLEASE SEE BELOW
ORIGINAL ART *
UNFRAMED PRINTS
GIFTWARE
ORDER BY MONDAY 21ST DECEMBER
*For large items please contact us to confirm Christmas delivery
PLEASE NOTE
FRAMED PRINTS; We cannot guarantee orders for framed prints will be delivered by Christmas
To confirm availability please telephone 01382 737011
or contact us
error: Content is protected !!
X