https://www.supershag.com/privacy-policy/
PRIVACY POLICY
SUPERSHAG PRODUCTIONS AND DANCE STUDIOS, LLC
I. Introduction
This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) describes the type of information that Supershag Productions and Dance Studios, LLC (the “Company”) gathers from users of the Company’s websites (the “Sites”) and participants in the events and services offered by the Company (the “Services”) and how the Company uses that information.
The Policy refers to both users of the Sites and participants in the Services as Users.
II. What Information Does the Company Collect?
The Company occasionally collects Personal Information from Users. “Personal Information” means information that can be used to identify an individual.
A. Consent and Modification
By using the Sites or participating in the Services, you consent to the terms of the Policy and to our processing of Personal Information in the manner and for the purposes set forth in the Policy. If you do not agree with the Policy, please do not use the Sites or participate in the Services.
The Company reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change the Policy at any time, which change will be effective 10 days following posting of the revision to the Policy on the Sites. Your continued use of the Sites 10 days following such posting means you accept those changes.
If the Company makes any change in how we use your Personal Information, the Company will notify you by email (at the e-mail address specified in your account), or by means of a notice on the Sites prior to the change becoming effective.
B. Information We Collect
The Company collects information in the following ways:
1. Information Users Provide Directly
The Company collects information directly provided by Users as part of using the Sites or participating in the Services, such as information provided as part of setting up an account.
2. Information Obtained Via Social Media
The Company may contact Users or obtain publicly available information regarding Users on social media services, such as Facebook and Twitter. In doing so, the Company will comply with the applicable privacy policies of such social media services.
3. Cookies.
The Company may use cookies and similar technologies, such as web beacons, pixels, and clear gifs and third-party analytics services to collect and analyze information about Users. This may include information about Users’ search preferences, interaction with ads within the Sites, and location.
4. Log Files
The Sites automatically record certain log file information, such as IP address, location, mobile carrier, device, and interaction with links in the Sites.
5. Device Identifiers
The Sites may access, collect, monitor, store on your device, and/or remotely store one or more device identifiers, which are small data files that uniquely identify it.
6. Metadata
Metadata is technical information associated with Personal Information, such as how or when Personal Information was collected. The Sites collect metadata on User Content.
III. Use of Information
The Company may use information from Users to operate and improve the Sites, and to deliver the Services. These uses may include providing you with more effective customer service; making the Sites easier to use by eliminating the need for you to enter the same information repeatedly; performing research and analysis aimed at improving the Sites and Services; automatically updating the Sites; diagnosing or fixing problems with the Sites; and displaying content and advertising customized to your interests and preferences.
The Company also uses information from Users to communicate with Users. The Company may send certain mandatory service communications, such as welcome letters, information on technical service issues, and security announcements.
The Company does not use Users’ personal information for building user profiles for commercial purposes not related to the provision of the Sites or Services. The Company may use Anonymous Info (as defined below) as described in this Policy.
Personal Information may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which the Company or its affiliates, subsidiaries or agents maintain facilities. By using the Sites or participating in the Services, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country. The Company may transfer your Personal Information to affiliated companies for the purpose of storing or processing such information on its behalf. Such information may be transferred to other countries. The Company requires that these parties agree to process such information in compliance with the Policy. In particular, if you provide Personal Information, it may be transferred to and processed on computers in the U.S. and other countries.
The Company may disclose your Personal Information or other information collected from Users if the Company has a good faith belief that disclosure of such information is helpful or reasonably necessary to: (i) comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request; (ii) enforce any applicable terms of service, including investigations of potential violations thereof; (iii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud or security issues; or (iv) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of the Company, our Users, yourself or the public. The Company may be required to disclose Personal Information in response to a lawful request by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
IV. Sharing of Information
The Company will not share your Personal Information except as provided for by this Policy. The Company will not sell Personal Information. The Company may share other information as provided by this Policy.
A. Affiliates
The Company may share information collected by the Sites with businesses that are legally part of the same group as the Company, or that become part of that group (“Affiliates”).
B. Third Party Service Providers
The Company may use contractors to collect, use, analyze and otherwise process information on its behalf. The Company requires such suppliers to handle information in a manner consistent with the Policy.
The Company may occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on its behalf, such as providing customer support, hosting websites, processing transactions, or performing statistical analysis. Those companies will be permitted to obtain only the Personal Information they need to deliver services to the Company. They will be required to maintain the confidentiality of the information and will be prohibited from using it for any other purpose.
C. Anonymous Information
The Company may use Anonymous Information (as defined below) or disclose it to third party service providers. The Company may also disclose Anonymous Information to third parties for a fee. “Anonymous Information” means information which does not enable identification of an individual User, such as aggregated information about use of the Sites.
V. Retention
It is the Company’s policy to retain Personal Information regarding Users.
VI. Other Information
A. Business Transitions
If the Company is acquired by or merged with a third party entity, or if it is subject to a bankruptcy or any comparable event, the Company reserves the right to transfer or assign Personal Information in connection therewith.
B. Security, Confidentiality and Integrity of Personal Information
The security of your Personal Information is important to us. The Company follows generally accepted industry standards, including the use of appropriate administrative, physical and technical safeguards, to protect Personal Information. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while the Company strives to use commercially reasonable means to protect Personal Information, the Company cannot guarantee its absolute security or confidentiality. If you have any questions about security, you can contact the Company at 781-894-7424.
Please be aware that certain Personal Information and other information provided by you in connection with your use of the Sites or Services may be stored on your device (even if that information is not collected by the Company). You are solely responsible for maintaining the security of your device from unauthorized access.
C. International Users
The Company and its servers are located in the United States and are subject to the applicable local and national laws. Those who choose to access the Sites do so on their own initiative and at their own risk, and are responsible for complying with all local laws, rules and regulations. Users who choose to access or use the Sites consent to the use and disclosure of information in accordance with this Policy and subject to such laws. The Company may limit the Sites’ availability, in whole or in part, to any person, geographic area or jurisdiction we choose, at any time and in our sole discretion. The Company does not represent or warrant that the Sites, or any part thereof, are appropriate or available for use in any other jurisdiction.
D. Children’s Privacy
The Site are directed to and structured to attract Users over age 18. If you are under age 18, you are not permitted to use the Sites. The Company does not knowingly collect Personal Information from Users under age 18. If you are a parent with concerns about children’s privacy issues in conjunction with the use of the Sites, please contact the Company at 781-894-7424.
E. California Online Privacy Protection Act
Pursuant to the California Online Privacy Protection Act, the Company discloses to disclose how it responds to “Do Not Track Signals” and whether third parties collect personally identifiable information about users when they use online services.
The Company honors “do not track” signals and does not track, use cookies, or use advertising when a “do not track” mechanism is in place.
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 also permits customers who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to andy@supershag.com. Please note that the Company is only required to respond to one request per customer each year.
F. Contact Information
If you have questions about this Policy, please contact andy@supershag.com
G. Effective Date
The effective date of this Policy is August 18, 2018
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. OkPrivacy policy