http://www.rostragallery.co.uk/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy — Rostra Gallery
Cart
0
About
Artists
Framing
Exhibitions & Art Fairs
Contact
Shop Online
Back
Limited Edition Prints
Ceramics
Gift Vouchers
Mosaics
Paintings
Sculpture
Crowdfunder artworks
Cart
0
AboutArtistsFramingExhibitions & Art FairsContact
Shop Online
Limited Edition Prints
Ceramics
Gift Vouchers
Mosaics
Paintings
Sculpture
Crowdfunder artworks
Privacy PolicyThis privacy policy sets out how Rostra Gallery uses and protects any information that you provide.For the purposes of the Data Protection Act 1998, the data controller is Rostra Gallery (the trading name of Art Galleries Bath Ltd.) Reg No. 3447352 Vat No. 879345 Our registered premises are Framing Studio, South Breach, Ashton Hill, Corston, Bath, BA2 9EY.Rostra Gallery is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.Rostra Gallery may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.What we collectWe may collect the following information:name and job titlecontact information including email addressdemographic information such as postcode, preferences and interestsother information relevant to our products and servicesWhat we do with the information we gatherWe require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:Internal record keeping.We may use the information to improve our products and services.We periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise our services according to your interests.SecurityWe are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.Links to other websitesOur website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.Controlling your personal informationYou may choose to restrict the use of your personal information. If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing: info@rostragallery.co.ukWe will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998.  If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to Framing Studio, South Breach, Ashton Hill, Corston, Bath, BA2 9EY.If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Rostra Gallery
01225 448121
info@rostragallery.co.uk
Hours
Information
Delivery & Packing
Refunds
Artist Submissions
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Social
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
Newsletters
Sign up to receive all our updates...
Advice
Rostra's guide to printmaking
Crowdfunder
Support Rostra Gallery!
Rostra Gallery is the trading name of Art Galleries Bath Ltd. Reg No. 3447352 Vat No. 879345Powered by Squarespace© 2020 ROSTRA GALLERY - ALL RIGHTS RESERVED