http://www.londonsinfonietta.org.uk/terms-and-conditions
Skip to main content
Terms and Conditions
Legal notices
This is the website of the London Sinfonietta. We have kept the Terms of Service as simple as possible.
By using this website the User agrees to be bound by the Terms of Service. Please note that any breach of these Terms may result in a decision by the London Sinfonietta to withdraw your access to this website.
The London Sinfonietta reserves the right to change these Terms where necessary.
Canceling or Modifying londonsinfonietta.org.uk
The London Sinfonietta retains the right to withdraw the London Sinfonietta website, withdraw your access to the London Sinfonietta website, and remove or discontinue content. We may do so at our sole discretion.
Restrictions on Use
The User agrees not to do any of the following while using the London Sinfonietta website:
- harass, stalk or otherwise abuse another user
- transmit or otherwise make available any content that is false, harmful, threatening, abusive, tortious, defamatory, libellous, disparaging, vulgar, obscene, pornographic or that promotes violence, racial hatred, terrorism or illegal acts, or is otherwise objectionable (as determined by London Sinfonietta at our sole discretion)
- transmit or otherwise make available any content that is unlawful or infringes, violates or misappropriates any patent, trademark, trade identity right, trade secret, publicity right, privacy right, copyright or any other intellectual property or any other rights of any third party.
- transmit or otherwise make available through the London Sinfonietta website any personal advertising, junk mail, spam, chain letters, pyramid schemes or offer for sale of any products or services, except in areas specifically designated for such purposes.
Data Protection
The London Sinfonietta is a registered data user under the terms of the Data Protection Act 1998 and endeavours to take all reasonable steps to protect the personal information that you give us. The personal information that the User enters into our on-line registration form(s) will be held securely and will not be used for any other purpose than for us to contact them by both email and post about London Sinfonietta events and promotions. We will never sell or pass on your details to a third party for marketing purposes without your permission. We may, however, pass on your details to other arts organisations that we think may interest you, if you have agreed that we can do so.
Contact us If you have any questions, comments or concerns about these Terms of Use.
Jurisdiction
Any dispute between You and Us regarding these Terms shall be resolved under the Law of England and Wales regardless of where You reside or view the London Sinfonietta website. You agree to submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts to resolve any dispute.
Effective Date
These Terms are effective from December 12, 2016.
Get more from the London Sinfonietta
For all the latest stories, announcements and opportunities, sign up to our e-list...
Subscribe
By signing up, you consent to the terms of our privacy policy
x