http://www.writertopia.com/public/privacy
ProfilesAwardsWord Meters
Writertopia Privacy Policy
We take your privacy very seriously. A simplified version of our policy
is this: we try to do the right thing with your data.
We don't sell your information; that's not our business model.
We hate spam and will make efforts to prevent our system from being
used in any spamming operation.
The rest of this Privacy Policy more fully explains the collection, use, and
disclosure of Personal Information through our web site. "Personal Information"
means information that would allow a party to contact you, including,
for example, your full name, address, telephone number, or email address.
Submitted Information
We collect Personal Information about you when you submit information or
requests to us (through this website or otherwise). We use your submitted
information to send you emails that you have requested, and for
administrative purposes (such as to notify you about changes to this Privacy Policy).
In emails we send you, we generally provide a method to unsubscribe from
future emails.
Writertopia is hosted on
Google App Engine and your information will be available to Google
as well as Writertopia.
Google App Engine's privacy policy is available
at
http://code.google.com/appengine/privacy.html.
Browsing Information
When you use the Writertopia site, our systems may collect
information indirectly and automatically (through, for example, the
use of your "IP address") about your activities while visiting the site,
including the web pages you view and the times you view them and
information about the browser you are using. We use this
browsing information for internal purposes such as to help understand
how the site is being used and to improve it, and for troubleshooting
browser-specific issues with our AJAX clients.
systems administration purposes. An IP address is a number that is
automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet.
In some cases your IP address stays the same from browser session to
browser session; but if you use a consumer internet access provider,
your IP address probably varies from session to session.
Disclosure of Personal Information
Although we may disclose aggregated information about the use of our site,
that information does not contain Personal Information.
Generally, we do not disclose Personal Information to third parties.
However, we may share Personal Information with our contractors and
service providers in order to maintain, enhance, or add to the
functionality of the site. If Writertopia becomes part of another
organization, that organization will possess the Personal Information
collected by Writertopia and it will assume the rights and obligations
regarding your Personal Information as described in this Privacy Policy.
We cannot ensure that your Personal Information will not be disclosed to
third parties. For example, we may be legally obligated to disclose
information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances,
or third parties may circumvent our security measures to unlawfully
intercept or access transmissions or private communications.
Security
Writertopia has implemented and follows industry standard measures to
protect against unauthorized access to and unlawful interception or
processing of Personal Information. However, no internet site can fully
eliminate security risks.
We hope this policy clarifies our procedures regarding your Personal
Information.
We may amend this policy at any time by sending the amended policy to the
email address you provided to us or by posting the amended policy at Writertopia.
This Privacy Policy was derived from a Creative Commons policy.
Copyright © 2012 Writertopia
About
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service