http://www.efestivals.co.uk/about/privacy.shtml
Forums |
Sign In | Sign Up
Home
About
Privacy Policy
published: Fri 28th Aug 2020
We take the privacy of registered members very seriously and observe strict compliance with the Data Protection Act 1998 and the EU's General Data Protection Regulation. We use every means possible to ensure that your data is securely stored.
Your use of this website is your acceptance of use of the no-personal-data cookies required for it to operate as intended.
Any personal details you submit while registering or entering a competition are fully protected, and this data is NEVER shared with other organisations, apart from passing on competition winners details as necessary to the competition partner in order for each winner to be able to collect their prize.
Data collected from use of the website is compiled into summary form to gain information about the use of the website. We may also use the information in our members database for analytical and statistical studies although your details will never be separately identifiable in these types of studies. This information is then used to improve our service to you.
If you have any queries regarding the personal information we may hold, please e-mail webmaster@efestivals.co.uk.
Use of cookies A cookie is a piece of data stored on your hard drive containing information taken from the interaction between your web browser and some features of this website.For more information about cookies, please see http://www.allaboutcookies.org or try googling.
eFestivals has relationships with carefully-selected and monitored suppliers who may also set cookies during your visit to be used for remarketing purposes - in other words to advertise to you different products and services based on what you appear to be interested in.
The EU's GDPR means you can use this button to change cookie consent options  . Please note that these options won't turn off advertising although it will change how the advertising interacts with you.
Besides the use above, eFestivals do not store personal data collected from cookies at all - they are used only to improve your use of the website, such as for remembering your login status for when you return to our website.
eFestivals does not use a 3rd-party analytics feature such as googleanalytics on the website or within our email newsletter.
latest updates
Belsonic 2021
festival details
last updated: Today, 07:59am
Sonic Samhain Shocker Show 2021
festival details
last updated: Today, 07:59am
Bury St Edmunds Blues, Rhythm & Rock Festival 2021
festival details
last updated: Today, 07:58am
Barn On The Farm Festival 2021
festival details
last updated: Today, 07:57am
Nozstock Festival 2021
festival details
last updated: Today, 07:57am
Search eFestivals.co.uk
festival search:
search future festivals only   advanced search
tickets search:
sign-up for the weekly Festivals Newsletter
Latest Festival News
Perfume Genius, Whitney, tUne-yArDs, The Comet Is Coming , & more added to End of the Road 2021 - joining Pixies,
King Krule,
Big Thief,
Bright Eyes,
Little Simz,
& Aldous Harding
published: Yesterday, 10:38am
exclusive signed Glastonbury photographs available to buy
published: Wed 9th Dec 2020
Bryan Adams to headline Cornbury Festival 2021 - festival to incorporate covid safety measures
published: Wed 9th Dec 2020
Van Morrison, Nile Rodgers & Chic, Jack Savoretti, & more for The Cambridge Club 2021 - on a new site as a full-weekend festival for the first time
published: Tue 8th Dec 2020
New Order announce 'Manchester homecoming show' for September - with Hot Chip, and Working Men's Club
published: Tue 8th Dec 2020
more festival news
For gig news, info & tickets see eGigs.co.uk
eFestivals supports WaterAid
Home
About
disclaimer | privacy policy
© 1998 - 2020 eFestivals.co.uk