http://www.drawyourworld.com/privacy-policy
Home
Draw
Write
Shop
•View Cart•
Blog
Contact
Menu
Terms and Conditions of Use1. TermsBy accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.2. Use LicensePermission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information, pdf's) on Draw Your World's web site for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:modify or copy the materials;use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; ortransfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server.This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Draw Your World at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.3. DisclaimerThe materials on Draw Your World's web site are provided "as is". Draw Your World makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, Draw Your World does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.4. LimitationsIn no event shall Draw Your World or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Draw Your World's Internet site, even if Draw Your World or a Draw Your World authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.5. Revisions and ErrataThe materials appearing on Draw Your World's web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Draw Your World does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. Draw Your World may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. Draw Your World does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.6. LinksDraw Your World has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Draw Your World of the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the user's own risk.7. Site Terms of Use ModificationsDraw Your World may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.8. Governing LawAny claim relating to Draw Your World's web site shall be governed by the laws of the State of Washington without regard to its conflict of law provisions.General Terms and Conditions applicable to Use of a Web Site.Privacy PolicyYour privacy is very important to us. The following outlines our privacy policy.We will never share, rent or sell our email or mailing lists. Email messages are sent only to users who have confirmed that they want to receive messages from us.Children’s artwork or writing samples are identified only by first names and ages. Our website is directed to the general public. We do not knowingly collect information from children under 13 years of age. If we learn that we have inadvertently collected personal information from a child under age 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible.Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.We will collect and use personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.Store: Return PolicyIf you are not satisfied with your purchase it may be returned to us within 30 days. A full refund is issued when the unused/undamaged product arrives at our address. Contact us before returning the items—if there is an error with the order, we will pay the shipping, otherwise the shipping costs will be your responsibility.Store: Sales Tax CollectedWe collect sales tax in states that have adopted the Streamlined Sales and Use Tax Agreement (SSUTA), including Arkansas, Georgia, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Michigan, Minnesota, Nebraska, Nevada, New Jersey, North Carolina, North Dakota, Ohio, Oklahoma, Rhode Island, South Dakota, Tennessee, Utah, Vermont, Washington, West Virginia, Wisconsin, and Wyoming. Click here for the details.Copyright and TrademarksThe material in this site is protected by copyright law and trademark registrations:Copyright©2004-2014 Kim StitzerDraw Your World®Draw•Write•Now®