https://www.christophercaliendo.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Home / Privacy Policy
Effective Date: October 2019Caliendo World Music Publishing, Inc (referenced herein as “we,” “us,” “CWMP,” or “our”) has developed this policy statement to assist end users (referenced herein as “you,” “user,” or “your”) of the websites and/or digital properties owned and operated by CWMP including but not limited to all sites associated with christophercaliendo.com, microsites for CWMP events, CWMP learning portal, CWMP online store, and all sites associated with christophercaliendo.com in understanding why CWMP collects personally identifiable information (the “Privacy Policy”). The following Privacy Policy summarizes the personally identifiable information gathering and use practices for all websites and/or digital properties owned and operated by CWMP namely christophercaliendo.com and 2tacademy.com (collectively, as referenced herein as the “Website” (although collection or use of information will vary based on the particular Website or portal visited by you)).CWMP reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time to address changes to its information collection, disclosure, or use practices or changes in law. If CWMP makes changes to this Privacy Policy, CWMP will post those changes at this location and provide notice of any material changes so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy on a periodic basis.Information We CollectTechnical Information gathered automatically. When you browse our Website without registering or signing in, you do so anonymously. We gather technical information including, but not limited to, browser type, IP address, pages visited and other activities on the Website, device type, and time and date of visit. We may use cookies or similar technology to collect such information for advertising and other purposes. See the Digital Advertising & Analytics section of this Privacy Policy to learn more about the use of this information and the choices available to you.Personal Information you provide to us. On various pages of the Website, you will have an opportunity to provide information to us about yourself, such as your name, address, place of employment, job title, photograph, phone number, and email / or address. You provide this information when you register with the Website or send a message on the Website. In addition, when you register on our Website or send a message on the Website, your personally identifiable information, including your email, will be added to our customer database and distribution list. You may make changes to your preferences on christophercaliendo.com by signing in, navigating to My Account, and selecting “Settings.”Financial Information: CWMP or its suppliers collects credit or debit card information to facilitate a transaction. In addition, CWMP may supplement the personally identifiable information collected from you with information from other sources, such as publicly available databases or other information from business partners, in order to enhance CWMP’s ability to provide or advertise its services or those of other entities or to otherwise tailor, manage, or operate the Website.The provision of information is sometimes required by law and at other times is a result of a contractual requirement. You may be required to provide information, for example in a case where we sign a contract with you, and the non-provision of information could, in certain circumstances, prevent a transaction from concluding.Use of InformationCWMP sets forth more detail on how CWMP uses your information. Personal and Contact Information: CWMP uses your personal information to operate the Website and, in particular, facilitate the education, interactive community and networking capabilities of the Website, advertise its services and the goods and services of its members and third parties, create a personalized experience for you, provide you with news, articles, and information, for internal business purposes, to contact you regarding a survey, get in touch with you when necessary with respect to transactions conducted through the Website, material changes in the Website’s policies and agreements, new products, events, tools, offerings, or services CWMP may offer, or otherwise. Refer to Section 10 (“Your Choices”) within this privacy policy for information on selecting your preferences or opting out of receiving communications.Demographic Information: CWMP shares demographic data on an aggregated basis, which will not identify any particular user, with CWMP’s members, partners and affiliates and for advertising or other technical or business purposes.Financial Information: CWMP will use financial information to fulfill your transaction or order.Survey Results: CWMP uses survey results for business or marketing purposes or as may be required by law, and to participate in government programs and initiatives.Technical Information: CWMP will use this information to facilitate educational opportunities, provide content, participation, or otherwise allow access to or use of certain information, tools, or features and for improving the Website’s performance, usability, and design. CWMP also uses technical information to help diagnose problems with CWMP’s servers, analyze Website usage trends, track user movements on the Website, and to otherwise manage and monitor the Website.Where we intend to process your personal data for a purpose other than the purpose for which it was collected, we will provide you with information regarding the purpose for the processing, as well as other relevant information, prior to processing your personal data for the new purpose.Disclosure of InformationWe may share personally identifiable information with third parties, including the following:Affiliated third parties and partners such as CWMP advertisers, sponsors, or suppliers;Third parties that perform services on our behalf, such as for website operation, the CWMP learning portal, the CWMP Job Bank, marketing, and transaction fulfillment purposes;CWMP members through the CWMP member directory on the website;Third parties for their direct marketing purposes;As part of a corporate sale, merger, or acquisition, or other transfer of all or part of our assets including as part of a bankruptcy proceeding. In the event a transaction of this kind occurs that results in the transfer of personally identifiable information, CWMP will notify you via e-mail and/or place a prominent notice on the Website for 30 days of any such change in ownership or control and the possible changes to this Privacy Policy;To protect against misuse or unauthorized use of the Website or as is otherwise required to limit legal liability, protect or defend CWMP’s rights, property, or interests, or protect the safety, rights, or property of CWMP’s users;When legally required to do so in accordance with government requests or regulations or legal proceedings; orWith your consent or as otherwise disclosed at the time of data collection or sharing.The Website may also allow you to create a customer or member profile (“Profile”) and participate in Online Communities. You have choices about the information you include in your Profile, such as your job title and photograph. CWMP wishes to remind you that any information you disclose in your Profile or in a communication forum, including any personally identifiable information, could become public information and visible to all CWMP members. You may opt out of making such information public by logging into christophercaliendo.com and adjusting the privacy settings of your Profile.We may share information that has been de-identified or aggregated without limitation, including with our business partners, members, and affiliates and/or the general public, the news media, and with the U.S. Government and state governments.International VisitorsThis section applies to those that visit all CWMP digital properties from the European Economic Area and Switzerland.Lawful Basis for ProcessingOn certain occasions, we process your personal data when it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, such as to provide services to you. We may also process your personal data to respond to your inquiries concerning our products and services.On other occasions, we process your personal data where required by law. We may also process your personal data if necessary, to protect your interests or the interests of a third party.Additionally, we process your personal data when necessary to do so for direct marketing purposes, to help you find content or information that you are seeking, to complete a transaction, to deliver a service, or for a related reason, and these interests are not overridden by your data protection rights. Where we process your personal data for these purposes, our legitimate interest is to serve the needs of CWMP members and customers and carry out our business operations.If the processing of personal data is necessary and there is no statutory basis for such processing, we will ask for your consent to process your personal data. You have the right to withdraw your consent to processing of personal data at any time.If you wish to exercise the right to withdraw consent, contact our Director of Communications. Visit the Contacting Us section below for contact information.Transfers of Personal DataPlease be aware that the personal data we collect may be transferred to and maintained on servers or databases located outside your state, province, country, or other jurisdiction, where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your location. If you are located outside of the United States, please be advised that we process and store personal data in the United States and your consent to this privacy policy represents your agreement to this processing.Your RightsYou have a right to the following:To request access to the personal data we hold about you;To request that we rectify or erase your personal data;To request that we restrict or block the processing of your personal data;Under certain circumstances, to receive personal data about you that we store and transmit to another without hindrance from us, including requesting that we provide your personal data directly to another, i.e., a right to data portability; andWhere we previously obtained your consent, to withdraw consent to processing your personal data.To exercise these rights, contact our Director of Communications. See the Contacting Us section below. Please be aware that CWMP may be unable to afford these rights to you under certain circumstances, such as if we are legally prevented from doing so.Additionally, you have the right to lodge a complaint against us. To do so, contact the supervisory authority in your country of residence.RetentionWe will process and store your information only for the period necessary to achieve the purpose of the storage, or as permitted by law. The criteria used to determine the period of storage of information is the respective statutory retention period. CWMP will retain data for seven years following a financial transaction and five years for other engagement or interaction with CWMP. After expiration of that period, the corresponding information is routinely deleted, as long as it is no longer necessary for the fulfillment of a contract or the initiation of a contract.Electronic CommunicationsVisiting CWMP or sending emails to christophercaliendo.com constitutes electronic communications. You consent to receive electronic communications and you agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically, via email and on the CWMP, satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.Cookies & Computer-Related InformationWhat are cookies?Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which are sent to your browser and stored on your computer, mobile phone or other device when you visit a website. The cookies send information back to the originating website or another website that recognizes that cookie. Cookies can be permanent or temporary.How does CWMP use cookies?We use cookies for purposes such as improving the functionality of our websites, to understand site and Internet usage and to improve or customize the content, offerings or advertisements on our sites. For example, we may use cookies to personalize your experience at our sites (e.g., to recognize you by name when you return to a site), save your password in password-protected areas, and enable you to use shopping carts on our sites. We also may use cookies to help us offer you products, programs, or services that may be of interest to you and to deliver relevant advertising.The cookies we use on our websites can be categorized as follows:Strictly necessary cookiesThese cookies are essential in order to enable you to fully experience the website and use the features and functionalities available to you, such as access to secure areas of the website.We use this type of cookie to handle user registration and login. Without these cookies services you have asked for cannot be provided. These cookies can be either permanent or temporary. In short, without these cookies our websites won’t work properly or won’t be able to provide certain features and functionalities.Performance cookiesThese cookies collect information about how visitors use a website, for instance which pages are visited most often, in order to provide a better user experience. These cookies do not personally identify individual visitors. We use these cookies to:provide statistics on how our websites are usedmeasure the delivery and performance of our advertising campaignsThese cookies could be permanent or temporary cookies, first-party or third-party cookies.Advertising cookiesThese cookies can be used to limit the number of times you see an ad as well as help manage the delivery of advertising campaigns. Advertising cookies are also used to customize the advertising across the website and make it more relevant to you.Advertising cookies are placed by third parties such as advertisers, ad platforms and their agents, and can be permanent or temporary cookies. They are related to advertising services provided by third parties on our website.Other third-party cookiesOn some pages of our website we may have content from third-party services or sites. Please note that we do not control any cookies which are used by these services and you should check the relevant third-party website for more information about these.How to manage & remove cookiesAccept or block cookiesYou can choose to activate or deactivate some of the above-mentioned cookies at any time by following the instructions below. You can accept or block cookies on a case-by-case basis, or you can block all cookies. Please note, however, that changing your settings in this way may affect your access to content and services on our site that require the use of cookies. We suggest, therefore, that you adjust the settings on your browser on the basis of the intended purpose of the various cookies. We do not accept any responsibility for any consequences relating to improper functioning of our services where it results from our inability to save or consult cookies necessary for the functioning of those services or if you have blocked or deleted those cookies. If you consent to the saving of cookies contained in content that you have accessed, those cookies will be stored in a dedicated location on your device. Please note that you can also adjust the settings on your browser so that it indicates the cookies that are being stored on your device and asks you whether you want to accept them. Adjusting your settings on different browsersWhen it comes to the management of cookies, each browser is set up in a different way. This will be covered by your browser’s help menu, which will tell you how to adjust your cookie settings. Click on the relevant link below to access detailed information regarding cookie settings – should your browser not be mentioned here, we invite you to look into the possibilities such a browser offers to adjust your cookie settings:Microsoft Internet ExplorerGoogle ChromeSafariFirefoxOther ways to block cookiesDepending on the type of cookie, there are other ways of managing cookies that do not involve adjusting your browser’s settings.Block audience-measuring cookiesAudience-measuring cookies have been placed on our site by Google Analytics. You can block these specific cookies by clicking on the deactivation link below, downloading the add-on and installing it on your browser.Google Analytics deactivation link: Deactivate Google AnalyticsPlease note that the add-on will save a cookie on your device, but that cookie will be used only to prevent your browser from transmitting data to Google Analytics.For more information on deactivating Google Analytics and installing the browser add-on, click here: Browser add-on to deactivate Google AnalyticsFor more information on Google Analytics’ privacy policy, click here: Safeguarding your dataBlock social network cookiesTo block cookies used by social networks (e.g., via sharing buttons), follow the instructions in the links below:FacebookGoogle+ and YouTubeInstagramLinkedInPinterestTwitterStrictly Necessary CookiesThese cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not work without allowing them.Performance CookiesThese cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site and will not be able to monitor its performance.Functional CookiesThese cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages.If you do not allow these cookies, then some or all of these services may not function properly.Targeting CookiesThese cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites.They do not store directly personal information but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.External or Third-Party WebsitesTo the extent hyperlinks or gateways (whether through banner advertisements or otherwise) are utilized to access external or third-party sites, you should be aware that these external or third-party sites may collect personally identifiable information and are not controlled by CWMP and therefore, are not subject to this Privacy Policy. CWMP suggests that you check the privacy policies of these sites to determine how the proprietors of these third-party sites will utilize your personally identifiable information.The Website may also include integrated social media tools or plug-ins, such as social networking tools offered by third parties. If you use these tools to share personal information or you otherwise interact with these features on the Website, those companies may collect information about you and may use and share such information in accordance with your account settings, including by sharing such information with the general public. Your interactions with third-party companies and your use of their features are governed by the privacy notices of the companies that provide those features. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy notices of any accounts you create and use.Collection of Information by Third-Party WebsitesWe sometimes may offer content (e.g., promotions) that is sponsored by or co-branded with an identified third party. In these instances, the third party may obtain information that you voluntarily submit to participate in a Website activity. We have no control over the third party’s use of this information. The Website will notify you at the time of information collection if a third party will obtain such information.Digital Advertising & AnalyticsWe may work with third parties that collect data about your use of the Website and other sites or apps over time for non-advertising purposes. CWMP uses Google Analytics and other third-party services to improve the performance of the Website and for analytics and marketing purposes. For more information about how Google Analytics collects and uses data when you use our Site, visit https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/. To opt out of Google Analytics, visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/.Your ChoicesWe may use the personally identifiable information we collect from you to offer you products and services that may be of interest to you. CWMP makes its customer, conference attendee, and some webcast registrant lists available to other reputable organizations whose products or offerings may be of interest to the CWMP community. If you would like to opt out of receiving these materials (electronic or hard copy), you may contact CWMP Customer Care by emailing us or by following the unsubscribe instructions of the communication received. Additionally, you may select the content and offerings you wish to receive. To select your preferences, see the My Account section of christophercaliendo.com and Notification Preferences.Please note, regardless of the email preferences selected, all new and renewing CWMP members will receive an order confirmation for their membership and a welcome and orientation email series explaining how to access member-only benefits and content.California Privacy RightsCalifornia Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits users of the Website who are California residents to, not more than once per calendar year, request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for such third parties’ direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please write to us at the address below.Updating Your InformationYou may request to review, change, or update your contact information by visiting this link: Profile Home (if you have an CWMP account, please log in).Contacting UsComments or questions can be directed to Caliendo World Music Publishing, Inc., in our role as data controller, by using our contact information. You may contact us at:Director of CommunicationsCaliendo World Music Publishing Inc.P.O. BOX 71948Los Angeles, CALIFORNIA 90071Phone: 818.261.9530Email Us
Scroll to Top
[wppb-login]
Lost Password?
Registered?
Register today to our website to continue your journey along with us.
Register
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy