http://www.davepearce.co.uk/communicate/privacy/index.php
The Official Dave Pearce Website
HomeDJ DatesChartBiography
DeliriumGalleryNewsDP TVCompetitionInterviewsCommunicateLinks
Home > Communicate > Privacy Policy
Information Collected
We collect information from visitors to this website via email hyperlinks on various pages.
We collect your details when you email us with an enquiry.
In addition to the above, we collect information automatically about your visit to our website. Please see our Use of cookies section for more details.
Use of personal information
We process personal information collected via this website for the purposes of:
Providing information about events, promotions, products and services
Dealing with your enquiries and requests
Data Capture Information
We will send you information in accordance with the preferences you submitted via our data capture form/online form. If you would like to change these preferences at any time, please contact us at davepearcemailinglist@davepearce.co.uk. You can also write to us at Dave Pearce, P.O. BOX 5181, Brighton, BN50 9WA.
Marketing
Please note that your information may be used to send you details of those products or services that we offer that we have identified as likely to be of interest to you. This will be in accordance with the preferences that you indicated when you completed an online form for information request or subscribed to the Official Dave Pearce Mailing List newsletter.
If at any point you would like to opt-out of receiving further communications from us, or would like to change how we contact you, please contact us at davepearcemailinglist@davepearce.co.uk or via the contact page. You can also write to us at Dave Pearce, P.O. BOX 5181, Brighton, BN50 9WA.
Mailing List
If you have signed up for our mailing list, you can subscribe at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in the footer of any email you receive from us, or by contacting us. At any time users can update the details we store or unsubscribe by sending an email with the request along with the registered email address to us at davepearcemailinglist@davepearce.co.uk. We will treat your information with respect. By subscribing to our mailing list, you agree that we may process your information in accordance with these terms.
We use MailChimp as our marketing automation platform. By submitting a form on this website to sign up for the newsletter / mailing list, you acknowledge that the information you provide will be transferred to MailChimp for processing in accordance with their Privacy Policy and Terms.
User data will not be shared with any third parties. This website's mailing list uses a double opt-in and double opt-out policy. This means that users must respond to an email before they are added to, or removed from the mailing list.
We may email our subscribers with information about Dave Pearce's forthcoming dj dates, competitions and other information we feel is relevant in accordance with the consent given when the user subscribed.
Competitions
Users who enter competitions on davepearce.co.uk supply an email address or name and phone number so that we can contact them.
Unless explicitly requested by a user, this email address will not be added to our mailing list.
Submitted email addresses will not be stored on any of our website systems or shared with any third party.
Submitted names and phone numbers will not be shared with any third party without first obtaining the user's consent.
We may desire to publish a winner's name on the website. We will always ask for a winner's express consent before publishing their name on the website.
Disclosures
We will not share your data with third parties unless we are obliged to disclose personal data by law, or the disclosure is ‘necessary’ for the purposes of national security, taxation and criminal investigation, or if we have your consent.
Other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites that are outside of our control and are not covered by this privacy policy. If you access other sites using the links provided, the operators of these sites may collect information from you that will be used by them in accordance with their privacy policy, which may differ from our privacy policy.
Subject access requests
You have the right to see what personal data we hold about you. To obtain a copy of the personal information we hold about you, please write to us at Dave Pearce, P.O. BOX 5181, Brighton, BN50 9WA.
Internet-based transfers
Given that the Internet is a global environment, using it to collect and process personal data necessarily involves the transmission of data on an international basis. This means for instance that data you pass to us may be processed outside the European Economic Area, although the data will always be held securely and in line with the requirements of UK data protection legislation. By communicating electronically with us, you acknowledge and agree to our processing of personal data in this way.
Use of cookies
A cookie is a small piece of data / information transmitted from a web server to a web browser, and vice versa, which enables the server to collect information from the browser. Find out more about cookies on www.allaboutcookies.org.
We use cookies to identify you / your "user session" when you visit this website and to keep track of your browsing patterns and build up a demographic profile.
Most web browsers allow you to turn off cookies via settings / preferences in the application. If you would like to do this please look at the menu on your browser, or look at the instructions on www.allaboutcookies.org. Please note that turning off cookies will restrict your use of our website.
By continuing to use this site you are agreeing to the use of cookies as detailed on this page.
Amendments
Please note that this privacy policy is subject to change from time to time. It was last reviewed and updated on 21st May 2018.
If you wish to contact us for any purpose, please see the contact page.
© 2020 Dave Pearce
site map | contact us | mailing list | privacy policy | design: neutroncore