http://www.harmonicalinks.com/terms_of_use.html
Home|Instruction|Players|Companies|FREE Newsletter|Submit a Link
Browse Pages:
Harmonica Instruction
MIDI/Audio Files
Information
Harmonica Clubs
Repairs & Modifications
Harmonica Publications
Miscellaneous
Players:
Diatonic Players:
Pioneers in Blues
Blues Players
Rock / Pop
Country/Bluegrass
Jazz Players
Cross Category
Women Players
Chromatic Players
Harmonica Groups & Trios
More Stuff:
Harmonica Companies
Harmonica Vendors
Newsletter Signup
Store:
Harmonica Store:
Harmonicas
Song/Tab Books
Music CDs
Instruction Books
Microphones/Amps
Terms of Use
Please read the Terms of Use policies outlined below. Accessing or using this site (part of AYM Music) constitutes agreement and acceptance on your part to all the following policies, conditions, and terms of use.
Your Privacy- We will not give out, rent or sell your private information to another company. We don't appreciate it when the websites we visit abuse our privacy rights, so we won't abuse yours.
Links to 3rd party websites- Harmonica Links.com contains links to other websites operated by parties unaffiliated with Harmonica Links.com. These links allow you to leave Harmonica Links.com to visit websites not under the control of Harmonica Links.com (AYM Music). Harmonica Links.com is not responsible for the contents of any linked website or any link contained in a linked website. You access and use such sites, including information, material, products and services therein, solely at your own risk. Harmonica Links.com is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Harmonica Links.com of the linked site.
The content of Harmonica Links.com is intended for personal, non-commercial use- All materials published on Harmonica Links.com (including, but not limited to information and instruction content, sound files, articles, photographs, images, illustrations, and video clips, also known as the "Content") are protected by
U.S. and International copyright laws and owned by AYM Music.
You may download or print copies of the Content and other downloadable items for personal, non-commercial home use only, provided that they maintain all copyright and other proprietary notices. You may not modify, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale of, reproduce, create new works from, distribute, display, or in any way exploit, any of the Content in whole or in part.
Harmonica Links.com (AYM Music) reserves the right to update, change, add, or remove policies at any time- We reserve the right to update, change, add, or remove policies or portions of policies at any time. If we do, we will post such changes on the website and/or send them to you via email and such modifications shall be effective immediately upon posting. Accordingly, you agree to review the Terms of Use periodically, and your continued access or use of this site shall be deemed your acceptance of the modified Terms of Use.
Submitted materials by visitors- If you submit materials via email, Discussion Forums, or otherwise, they become the property of Harmonica Links.com and may be used as seen fit by Harmonica Links.com (AYM Music) for future promotion, site use, or sale unless a prior agreement has been made. That is, you automatically grant (or warrant that the owner of such rights has expressly granted) us a perpetual, royalty-free, irrevocable, non-exclusive right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate or create derivative works from and distribute such materials or incorporate such materials into any form, medium, or technology now known or later developed throughout the World. In addition, you warrant that all so-called "moral rights" in those materials have been waived.
Forums, Chat rooms, etc.- Harmonica Links.com (AYM Music) may make available to users of the site, email notices, newsletters, chat rooms, message boards, discussion forums, or other interactive communication facilities by means of this website. Harmonica Links.com cannot review all communications made on or through the site. However, Harmonica Links.com reserves the right, but has no obligation, to monitor the forums and other interactive communication facilities and edit, modify or delete any materials which Harmonica Lessons.com in it's sole discretion, determines to violate this agreement or to be in any other way offensive or contrary to any Harmonica Links.com policy.
Users who post materials to this site agree to abide by the following rules: (1) users may not post or transmit material that is libelous, defamatory, obscene, fraudulent, harmful, threatening, abusive or hateful, that violates the property rights of others (including without limitation infringing use of a copyright or trademark), that violates the privacy or publicity right of others, or that is in violation of applicable laws; (2) users may not interfere with other user's use and enjoyment of this site; (3) users may not use this site to conduct any activity that is illegal or that violates the rights of others; (4) users may not use this site to advertise or sell products or services to others. Harmonica Links.com (AYM Music) has no responsibility for the content of any material posted by users, but reserves the right in its sole discretion to (i) edit or delete any documents, information or other material submitted to or appearing on this site, and (ii) refuse access to the site to any user that violates this agreement. Discussion forums and chat rooms contain the opinions and views of others. Harmonica Links.com (AYM Music) is not responsible for the accuracy of any messages on this site. Any posts intentionally or unintentionally violating the rules will promptly be removed without notice.
Disclaimer of Warranties
You expressly understand and agree that: Your use of this website is at your own risk. The website is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. Harmonica Links.com (AYM Music) expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind.
Harmonica Links.com (AYM Music) makes no warranty that the website will meet your requirements, the service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free, the results that may be obtained from the use of the website will be accurate or reliable, the quality of any products, services, information, or other material purchased or obtained by you through the website will meet your expectations, and any errors in the software will be corrected.
Any material downloaded or obtained through the use of this website is done at your own discretion and risk and that you will be solely responsible for any damage to your computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any such material.
Limitation of Liability
Under no circumstances, including but not limited to negligence: shall Harmonica Links.com (AYM Music) be liable for any special, direct, indirect, or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the Content on Harmonica Links.com, even if Harmonica Links.com or its authorized representatives has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. In no event shall Harmonica Links.com's total liability to you for all damages, losses, and causes of action, whether in contract, negligence, tort or otherwise exceed the amount paid by you, if any, for accessing Harmonica Links.com.
Follow @HarmonicaGage
Harmonica StoreSALES!
Lee Oskar Major Diatonic
Beginner HarmonicaInstruction
Hohner #270Chromatic Harmonica
Package DealsHarmonica + Book Combos
Lee Oskar Popular KeysPackage (6 keys/soft case)
Beginner HarmonicaInstruction
Lee Oskar Harmonica Holder
Home | Harmonica Store | Terms of Use | Contact Us | Newsletter Signup | Submit a Link
Copyright © 1999-2020 AYM Music. All Rights Reserved. Harmonica Links.comTM  is a trademark of AYM Music.