http://www.eastudios.com/privacy-policy/
HomeArtNew InSpecial OffersGift VouchersShop By Artists- Artists A-Z- Most Popular- Emerging ArtistsShop By Category- View All Paintings- View All Prints- Views of Dundee- Antiquities- Ceramics & Sculpture- Golf ScenesHome & GiftsArtists GiftwareWhisky GiftwareCandles and Wax MeltsLadycrow ScarvesBroughty Ferry and Dundee GiftwareOur Gift Shop, Broughty FerryGift VouchersEventsAboutContact
+44 1382 737011
View Basket
Thank you! Your submission has been received!
Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form
HomeArtNew InSpecial OffersGift VouchersShop By Artist- Artists A-Z- Most Popular- Emerging ArtistsShop By Category- View All Paintings- View All Prints- Views of Dundee- Antiquities- Ceramics & Sculpture- Golf ScenesHome & GiftsArtists GiftwareWhisky GiftwareCandles and Wax MeltsLadycrow ScarvesBroughty Ferry and Dundee GiftwareOur Gift Shop, Broughty FerryGift VouchersEventsAboutContact
Menu
Close
Basket
Search
Thank you! Your submission has been received!
Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy for eastudios.com
The services available at www.eastudios.com are provided by Eduardo Alessandro Studios. (“EAS”, “we”, “us” or “our”).
Your privacy is very important to us. Please read this Privacy Policy to learn about the ways in which we use and protect your personal information.
This Privacy Policy applies from March 2018
Overview
By accepting this Privacy Policy and the Terms and Condition, you expressly consent to our use and disclosure of your personal information in the manner prescribed in this Privacy Policy. If you object to this use and disclosure please do not register.
Please note that your Information will be stored and processed on our computers in the UK. EAS will hold and transmit your information in a safe, confidential and secure environment. EAS will never sell, rent or forward your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent.
This Privacy Policy applies to the www.eastudios.com website (the “Site”).
Under 18 years
Our services are not available to persons under the age of 18 and we ask that persons under the age of 18 do not submit any personal information to us. If you are under 18 years old, you can use this service only in conjunction with and under the supervision of a parent or guardian.
Information We Collect
Our primary goal in collecting personal information is to provide you with a safe, efficient, and personalised experience. We only collect personal information about you that we consider necessary for this purpose.
In general, you can browse the Site without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. Once you give us your personal information, you are not anonymous to us. If you choose to use our services, we may require you to provide contact and identity information, financial information and other personal information as indicated on the forms throughout the Site. Where possible, we indicate which fields are required and which fields are optional. You always have the option not to provide information by choosing not to use a particular service or feature.
If you choose to buy on the Site, the personal information we collect might include your name, address, email address, IP address, and information regarding what pages are accessed and when. If you purchase a product from us, your card information is not held by us, it is collected by our third party payment processors, PayPal, who specialise in the secure online capture and processing of credit/debit card transactions.
We do not store credit card details.
If you send us personal correspondence, such as emails or letters, or if other users or third parties send us correspondence about your activities or postings on the Site, we may collect such information into a file specific to you.
Our Use of Your Information
You agree that we may use personally identifiable information about you to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, to analyse site usage, improve our content and product offerings, and customise the Site’s content, layout, and services. These uses improve the Site and better tailor it to meet your needs.
You agree that we may use your information to contact you and deliver information to you that, in some cases, are targeted to your interests, such as notifications of events and exhibitions, product information, targeted banner advertisements, administrative notices, product offerings, and communications relevant to your use of the Site. By accepting the Terms and Condition and reading this Privacy Policy, you expressly agree to receive this information.
We review our retention periods for personal information on a regular basis.  We will hold your personal information on our systems for as long as is necessary for the relevant activity, or as long as is set out in any relevant contract you hold with us.
Our Disclosure of Your Information
As a matter of policy, EAS will never sell, rent or forward your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent. However, the following describes some of the ways that we may disclose your personally identifiable information.
(a) Third Party Service Providers working on our behalf: We may pass your information to our third party service providers, agents subcontractors and other associated organisations for the purposes of completing tasks and providing services to you on our behalf. However, when we use third party service providers, we disclose only the personal information that is necessary to deliver the service and we have a contract in place that requires them to keep your information secure and not to use it for their own direct marketing purposes.
(b) Legal Requests. EAS cooperates with law enforcement inquiries, as well as other third parties, to enforce laws and third party rights, such as intellectual property rights and laws relating to fraud. Therefore, in response to a verified request by law enforcement or other government officials such as a Section 29 (3) Data Protection Act 1998 form relating to a criminal investigation or alleged illegal activity, or other activity that may expose us or you to legal liability, we can (and you authorise us to) disclose personal information such as name, address, telephone number, email address, about you as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate. Further, we can (and you authorise us to) disclose your name, address, telephone number, email address, and company name to EAS  participants under a confidentiality agreement as we in our sole discretion believe necessary or appropriate in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringement or other unlawful activity.
We cannot ensure that all of your communications with EAS and other personally identifiable information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. For example, third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications, or users may abuse or misuse your information that they collect from the Site. Therefore, although we use industry standard practices to protect your privacy, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personally identifiable information or communications with EAS will always remain private.
Control of Your Data
We offer you the ability to review and change the information you submit to us via email. You can change your contact information, postal address & telephone by emailing us at mail@eastudios.com. You have the right to ask for a copy of the information EAS holds about you and the right to be ‘forgotten’.
Upon your written request, we will delete your contact information, and financial information from our active databases. To make this request, please contact us. Such information will be deactivated as soon as reasonably possible in accordance with our deactivation policy and applicable law.
We will retain in our files information you have requested to remove in some circumstances, such as to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems and enforce our Terms and Condition. Further, such prior information is never completely removed from our databases due to technical and legal constraints, including stored “back up” systems. Therefore, you should not expect that all of your personally identifiable information will be completely removed from our databases in response to your requests.
Other Information Collectors
Except as otherwise expressly included in this Privacy Policy, this document only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. To the extent that you disclose your information to other parties, or other sites throughout the Internet, different rules may apply to their use or disclosure of the information you disclose to them. To the extent that we use third party advertisers, they adhere to their own privacy policies. Since EAS does not control the privacy policies of third parties, you are subject to the privacy policies of that third party. We encourage you to ask questions before you disclose your personal information to others.
Security
EAS uses industry standard practices to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal identifiable information, including encryption, “firewalls”. EAS treats data as an asset that must be protected against loss and unauthorised access.
Cookies
Use of ‘cookies’
Like many other websites, the EAS website uses cookies. ‘Cookies’ are small pieces of information sent by an organisation to your computer and stored on your hard drive to allow that website to recognise you when you visit. They collect statistical data about your browsing actions and patterns and do not identify you as an individual. For example, we use cookies to store your country preference. This helps us to improve our website and deliver a better more personalised service.
It is possible to switch off cookies by setting your browser preferences.  Turning cookies off may result in a loss of functionality when using our website.
Notice
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time in order that it accurately reflects the regulatory environment and our own data collection and disclosure practices. All amended terms shall automatically be effective 30 days after they are initially posted on the Site.
Last updated March 2018
Contact
Deliveries & Returns
Gift Vouchers
Free Home Trials
Own Art (Art Financing)
Art Valuations
Art Framing
Join Us – Artists
Eduardo Alessandro Studios,30 Gray St,Broughty Ferry,Dundee, DD5 2BJ
+44 1382 737011
Subscribe to our newsletter
Email:
Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy
CHRISTMAS ORDERS
LAST ORDERS FOR CHRISTMAS DELIVERY PLEASE SEE BELOW
ORIGINAL ART *
UNFRAMED PRINTS
GIFTWARE
ORDER BY MONDAY 21ST DECEMBER
*For large items please contact us to confirm Christmas delivery
PLEASE NOTE
FRAMED PRINTS; We cannot guarantee orders for framed prints will be delivered by Christmas
To confirm availability please telephone 01382 737011
or contact us
error: Content is protected !!
X