http://www.filmsociety.org/pages/policies.cfm
SarasotaFilmSociety
Movies
Now Playing
Coming Soon
Events&Rentals
2021 Academy Awards Party
2021 Cine-World Film Festival
Current Events
Host Your Event
Birthday Parties
Theater Rentals
Gift Cards
Membership
Donate
Locations
Account
Our Policies
Privacy Policy
Sarasota Film Society, Inc. is committed to protecting your privacy and using technology that gives you an effective and safe online experience. SFS is the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to / collect information that you provide us via email, direct contact or website forms (i.e. membership, bricks, theater rentals, birthday parties, ticket orders). We will not sell or rent this information to anyone. We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization. Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about upcoming films, advance tickets, specials events, or changes to this privacy policy.
Security Policy
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline. Wherever sensitive information is entered (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the Web page. While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers / servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Refund Policy
Tickets: Refunds and exchanges of movie ticket(s) are available in certain limited circumstances. Movie ticket(s) purchased through this site include a non-refundable Convenience Charge of $1.00 / ticket. Before purchasing your movie ticket(s) we urge you to confirm the title, time, location and quantity of tickets for the movie you wish to see. A Refund will return the value of your movie ticket(s) you purchased to the method of payment used for the transaction, minus the per-ticket Convenience Charge. You are eligible for a refund only if you: (i) return the Movie Ticket(s) to the theater prior to the advertised start time, (ii) contact the theater if Movie Ticket(s) have not been picked up from the box office prior to the advertised start time. Instead of a refund, you may wish to exchange your movie ticket(s) for another movie and / or showtime. Exceptions to this refund policy include, but are not limited to: (1) System Errors caused by the site, (2) movie showings that are cancelled due to technical difficulties and (3) certain other limited circumstances. SFS will refund full value of your movie ticket(s) including per-ticket Convenience Charge.
Limited Engagement(s): Defined as special one-time a year events (i.e. Cine-World Film Festival, Academy Awards Party, etc.) are designated as NO REFUNDS, NO EXCHANGES, NO EXCEPTIONS.
Purchasing of event ticket(s) implies your compliance with this policy.
Membership: Upon receipt and processing of an applicant's registration and placement in the membership database, it is the position of Sarasota Film Society, Inc. that there are no refunds of membership fees.
Walk of Fame: Upon receipt and processing of an order form, it is the position of Sarasota Film Society, Inc. that there are no refunds of purchased brick(s).
©2020 Sarasota Film Society. All rights reserved. Powered by GravityFree Website Design. Imagery from TMDb
Sponsors
About
Contact Us
Locations
Scholarship
Policies
Facebook
Twitter