http://www.violinist.com/directory/privacy.cfm
Welcome, Guest!  RegisterLog In
Blogs
Discussion
Shops
Luthiers
Teachers
Menu
Privacy Policy
Violinist.com is a global community violinists and anyone else interested in the violin. We do not passively collect any information about the visitors to this website, however we participate in Google's AdSense ad-serving program and Quantcast's traffic monitoring service. We refer our visitors to those companies' privacy policies for information on how they collect and track visitor data from participating websites: Google, Quantcast.
Our publishing system sets cookies on all visitors' browsers. Those allow us to determine who is and is not a registered member of the site, and to keep registered members logged in. We do not collect any personal information about non-registered visitors, unless they choose to volunteer something about themselves in an anonymous comment that they submit. If you submit an anonymous comment, it will be associated with your Violinist.com cookies and your Internet connection's IP address. If you do not submit any information about yourself to us, we will not have it.
Registered members must submit a working email address to register. In addition, registered members must submit their first and last names and are given the option of submitting a postal address, links to other social media profile pages and a short biography. Registered members also must select a screen name for use on the site. We associate all comments and ratings submitted on the site with that user's registration account. Registered users have the ability to edit or delete comments that they submit to the site.
Information collected by Violinist.com may be transferred along with the other assets of Violinist.com to any subsequent owners of the site. Violinist.com is private property and its owners reserve the right to remove from the site any user and/or his or her information at any time. Visitors who submit content to Violinist.com retain ownership and copyright to their content, however they grant Violinist.com a perpetual, non-exclusive right to republish that content in any medium. Please see our Rules for Members for more information about the reader-submitted content we accept on Violinist.com.
For questions or clarification, please contact our editor: Laurie Niles at laurie@violinist.com.
Violinist.com is made possible by...
Shar Music
Yamaha Silent Violin
Corilon Violins
Pirastro Strings
Los Angeles Philharmonic
Dimitri Musafia, Master Maker of Violin and Viola Cases
House of Rosin
Holiday Shopping Business Directory
Violinist.com Guide to Online Learning
ARIA International Summer Academy
Antonio Strad Violin
Bay Fine Strings Violin Shop
Bobelock Cases
Fiddlerman.com
Fiddlershop
Los Angeles Violin Shop
Nazareth Gevorkian Violins
Violin-Strings.com
Metzler Violin Shop
Leatherwood Bespoke Rosin
Warchal
Barenreiter
Johnson String Instrument and Carriage House Violins
Potter Violins
String Masters
Bein & Company
Annapolis Bows & Violins
Laurie's Books
Discover the best of Violinist.com in these collections of editor Laurie Niles' exclusive interviews.
Violinist.com Interviews Volume 1, with introduction by Hilary Hahn
Violinist.com Interviews Volume 2, with introduction by Rachel Barton Pine
Subscribe
쯛iolinist.com  About  Privacy  Contact  Advertise