http://www.aiavt.org/privacy
Privacy PolicyUpdated: June 15, 2020This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You. We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.Interpretation and DefinitionsInterpretationThe words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions.The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.DefinitionsFor the purposes of this Privacy Policy:You means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.Company (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to AIA Vermont, 47 Maple Street, Suite 315, Burlington, VT 05401Affiliate means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party, where "control" means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.Account means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.Website refers to AIA Vermont, accessible from www.aiavt.orgService refers to the Website.Country refers to: Vermont, United StatesService Provider means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.Third-party Social Media Service refers to any website or any social network website through which a User can log in or create an account to use the Service.Personal Data is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.Cookies are small files that are placed on Your computer, mobile device or any other device by a website, containing the details of Your browsing history on that website among its many uses.Usage Data refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).Collecting and Using Your Personal DataRegistration is required to obtain any product or service (tangible or virtual) We offer. Individuals can register with us to receive a logon online or by completing a paper form. In all cases registration requires that a valid mailing address be submitted to appropriately fulfil a product or service request. Online registration requires a valid email be provided. You can choose to create an online profile during the registration process.Occasionally we may ask for general demographics data as a part of its diversity and inclusion initiatives and commitment.Types of Data CollectedPERSONAL DATAWhile using Our Service, We may ask You to provide Us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:Email addressFirst name and last namePhone numberAddress, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, CityUsage DataUSAGE DATAUsage Data is collected automatically when using the Service.Usage Data may include information such as Your Device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that You visit, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.When You access the Service by or through a mobile device, We may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device You use, Your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of Your mobile device, Your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser You use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.We may also collect information that Your browser sends whenever You visit our Service or when You access the Service by or through a mobile device.TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES AND COOKIESWe use Cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on Our Service and store certain information. Tracking technologies used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze Our Service.You can instruct Your browser to refuse all Cookies or to indicate when a Cookie is being sent. However, if You do not accept Cookies, You may not be able to use some parts of our Service.Cookies can be "Persistent" or "Session" Cookies. Persistent Cookies remain on your personal computer or mobile device when You go offline, while Session Cookies are deleted as soon as You close your web browser. Learn more about cookies: All About Cookies.We use both session and persistent Cookies for the purposes set out below:Necessary / Essential Cookies 	Type: Session Cookies 	Administered by: Us 	Purpose: These Cookies are essential to provide You with services available through the Website and to enable You to use some of its features. They help to authenticate users and prevent fraudulent use of user accounts. Without these Cookies, the services that You have asked for cannot be provided, and We only use these Cookies to provide You with those services.Cookies Policy / Notice Acceptance Cookies 	Type: Persistent Cookies 	Administered by: Us 	Purpose: These Cookies identify if users have accepted the use of cookies on the Website.Functionality Cookies 	Type: Persistent Cookies 	Administered by: Us 	Purpose: These Cookies allow us to remember choices You make when You use the Website, such as remembering your login details or language preference. The purpose of these Cookies is to provide You with a more personal experience and to avoid You having to re-enter your preferences every time You use the Website.Tracking and Performance Cookies 	Type: Persistent Cookies 	Administered by: Third-Parties 	Purpose: These Cookies are used to track information about traffic to the Website and how users use the Website. The information gathered via these Cookies may directly or indirectly identify you as an individual visitor. This is because the information collected is typically linked to a pseudonymous identifier associated with the device you use to access the Website. We may also use these Cookies to test new advertisements, pages, features or new functionality of the Website to see how our users react to them.Use of Your Personal DataThe Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:To provide and maintain our Service, including to monitor the usage of our Service.To manage Your Account: to manage Your registration as a user of the Service. The Personal Data You provide can give You access to different functionalities of the Service that are available to You as a registered user.For the performance of a contract: the development, compliance and undertaking of the purchase contract for the products, items or services You have purchased or of any other contract with Us through the Service.To contact You: To contact You by email, telephone calls, SMS, or other equivalent forms of electronic communication, such as a mobile application's push notifications regarding updates or informative communications related to the functionalities, products or contracted services, including the security updates, when necessary or reasonable for their implementation.To provide You with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless You have opted not to receive such information.To manage Your requests: To attend and manage Your requests to Us.We may share your personal information in the following situations:With Service Providers: We may share Your personal information with Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service, for payment processing, to contact You.For Business transfers: We may share or transfer Your personal information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of Company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.With Affiliates: We may share Your information with Our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. Affiliates include Our parent company and any other subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that We control or that are under common control with Us.With Business partners: We may share Your information with Our business partners to offer You certain products, services or promotions.With other users: when You share personal information or otherwise interact in the public areas with other users, such information may be viewed by all users and may be publicly distributed outside. If You interact with other users or register through a Third-Party Social Media Service, Your contacts on the Third-Party Social Media Service may see Your name, profile, pictures and description of Your activity. Similarly, other users will be able to view descriptions of Your activity, communicate with You and view Your profile.Retention of Your Personal DataThe Company will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use Your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.The Company will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of Our Service, or We are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.Transfer of Your Personal DataYour information, including Personal Data, is processed at the Company's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. It means that this information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of Your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from Your jurisdiction.Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of such information represents Your agreement to that transfer.The Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of Your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of Your data and other personal information.Disclosure of Your Personal DataBUSINESS TRANSACTIONSIf the Company is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, Your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before Your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.LAW ENFORCEMENTUnder certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).OTHER LEGAL REQUIREMENTSThe Company may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:Comply with a legal obligationProtect and defend the rights or property of the CompanyPrevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the ServiceProtect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the publicProtect against legal liabilitySecurity of Your Personal DataThe security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.Detailed Information on the Processing of Your Personal DataService Providers have access to Your Personal Data only to perform their tasks on Our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.AnalyticsWe may use third-party Service providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.Google Analytics 	Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualise and personalise the ads of its own advertising network. 	You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity. 	For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=enEmail MarketingWe may use Your Personal Data to contact You with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to You. You may opt-out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from Us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email We send or by contacting Us.We may use Email Marketing Service Providers to manage and send emails to You.Mailchimp 	Mailchimp is an email marketing sending service provided by The Rocket Science Group LLC. 	For more information on the privacy practices of Mailchimp, please visit their Privacy policy: https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/PaymentsWe may provide paid products and/or services within the Service. In that case, we may use third-party services for payment processing (e.g. payment processors).We will not store or collect Your payment card details. That information is provided directly to Our third-party payment processors whose use of Your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information.PayPal 	Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at https://www.paypal.com/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-fullChildren's PrivacyOur Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our servers.If We need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing Your information and Your country requires consent from a parent, We may require Your parent's consent before We collect and use that information.Links to Other WebsitesOur Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.EU Data SubjectsScope. This section applies if you are an individual located in the European Union (“EU”) (“EU Data Subject”). For these purposes, reference to the EU also includes the European Economic Area countries of Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway and, where applicable, Switzerland.Data Controller. The American Institute of Architects is the data controller for the processing of your Personal Data as described in this Policy.Your Rights. Subject to applicable law, you have the following rights in relation to your Personal Data:Right of access: If you ask us, we will confirm whether we are processing your Personal Data and, if so, provide you with a copy of that Personal Data (along with certain other details). If you require additional copies, we may need to charge a reasonable fee.Right to rectification: If your Personal Data is inaccurate or incomplete, you are entitled to have it rectified or completed. If we have shared your Personal Data with others, we will tell them about the rectification where possible. If you ask us, where possible and lawful to do so, we will also tell you with whom we shared your Personal Data so that you can contact them directly.Right to erasure: You may ask us to delete or remove your Personal Data and we will do so in some circumstances, such as where we no longer need it (we may not delete your data when other interests outweigh your right to deletion). If we have shared your data with others, we will tell them about the erasure where possible. If you ask us, where possible and lawful to do so, we will also tell you with whom we shared your Personal Data so that you can contact them directly.Right to restrict processing: You may ask us to restrict or ‘block’ the processing of your Personal Data in certain circumstances, such as where you contest the accuracy of that Personal Data or object to us processing it. We will tell you before we lift any restriction on processing. If we have shared your Personal Data with others, we will tell them about the restriction where possible. If you ask us, where possible and lawful to do so, we will also tell you with whom we shared your Personal Data so that you can contact them directly.Right to data portability: Effective May 25, 2018, you have the right to obtain your Personal Data from us that you consented to give us or that is necessary to perform a contract with you. We will give you your Personal Data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. You may reuse it elsewhere.Right to object: You may ask us at any time to stop processing your Personal Data, and we will do so:If we are relying on a legitimate interest to process your Personal Data — unless we demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing; orIf we are processing your Personal Data for direct marketing.Right to withdraw consent: If we rely on your consent to process your Personal Data, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. This will not affect the lawfulness of processing based on your prior consent.Right to lodge a complaint with the data protection authority: If you have a concern about our privacy practices, including the way we have handled your Personal Data, you can report it to the data protection authority that is authorized to hear those concerns.You may exercise your rights by contacting us as indicated under “How to Contact Us” sectionLegitimate Interest. “Legitimate interests” means the our interests in conducting and managing our organization. For example, we have a legitimate interest in processing your Personal Data to analyze how the Websites, Apps and our products and services are being used by you, and to ensure network and information security, as described in this Privacy Policy. When we process your Personal Data for our legitimate interests, we make sure to consider and balance any potential impact on you, and your rights under data protection laws. Our legitimate interests do not automatically override your interests. We will not use your Personal Data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you, unless we have your consent or those activities are otherwise required or permitted to by law. You have the right to object to processing that is based on our legitimate interests. For more information on your rights, please see “Your Rights” section above.Changes to this Privacy PolicyWe may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.Contact UsAIA Vermont, 47 Maple Street, Suite 315, Burlington, VT 05401info@ aiavt.org, 802-448-2169To protect your privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections. Please do not send us sensitive information, such as your credit card or social security numbers, via e-mail. It is possible that during transmission of your e-mail this information may be intercepted by a third party. We cannot guarantee its safety while in transit. If you choose to contact our staff using an e-mail address, a discussion forum, text message or other electronic communication method, or if you choose to complete an online form provided on our Web site you may be asked to provide your name, e-mail address or other personal information. The purpose of collecting this information is to allow staff to respond to your enquiry or to evaluate individual web services. Only authorized staff will have access to the information provided and the information will only be used for the purpose it was intended.