http://www.notstarring.com/privacy.html
Submit a New Entry >>
Browse By Year
Browse By Actor
Browse By Movie
Top 50 Newest
Most Popular
Fan Favorites
Find your favorite actors or movies:
Privacy Policy
We Are Committed To Your Privacy!
This page explains how we collect, use and protect the information used on
notstarring.com and in related communications.
• Trivia Submissions
If you choose to submit a trivia entry, you have the option to include your name (or nickname, initials, etc) in order to be credited on the site. We do not currently display this information on the site, but we may in the future. If you wish to remain uncredited, simply leave this field blank.
• Verifying Trivia Submissions
If you verify an entry via the "This is True" or "This is a Rumor" buttons, you have the option to include your name and comments. We currently do not display this information on the site.
• Tell-a-Friend
We provide a convenient tool on the site for you to email your friends about the site. We store this information, but we do not use it for any purpose other than reporting and delivering your email.
• Contact Form and Other Communication
We may collect, store, and use any information that you submit via email or any of the forms on our website. We love to hear your feedback, and we try to respond to most emails.
• Site Statistics & Web Site Use Information
We collect and analyze technical information about how visitors interact with notstarring.com including, but not limited to, IP addresses, browser types, operating systems, pages viewed, links, dates and times, etc.
• Advertising
We display ads on this site from Google AdWords, in-house ads, and third-party advertisers. Typically, third-party advertising uses tracking mechanisms including cookies for targeting and statistical purposes. This tracking is controlled by third parties and is not something that notstarring.com can control. You can opt-out of such tracking at this website.
How We Use Collected Information
We use collected information in connection with updating the site, communicating with visitors, troubleshooting, reporting, and other business uses. We do not intentionally share your information with third parties except as required by law or to facilitate business operations or in connection with the sale, merger, consolidation, or change in control of the site.
How We Protect Your Information
Information that you submit may be stored in our database or other software. Access to this information is limited to only authorized personnel.
Links to Other Websites
We provide links to other websites, but we are not responsible for the content
or privacy practices employed by these sites. This privacy policy only applies
to notstarring.com.
Updates & Further Information
If you have any questions about this site or this privacy policy,
please contact us. If we change our privacy
practices, we will post the changes on this page. This policy was last
updated on March 27, 2006.
Browse By Movie
Browse By Actor
Submit NEW Entry
Report Correction
Contact Us
Note:
The trivia on this site is submitted and reviewed by movie fans from around the world. We strive to provide reliability, and we try hard to corroborate entries, but this type of movie trivia will always be prone to rumor and gossip and should be relied upon with appropriate caution. Click here to report a rumor or correction.
Copyright © 2020
Subrio, LLC. All rights reserved. Please read our
Conditions of Use
and Privacy Policy.