http://www.francesking.co.uk/privacy
Privacy Policy
We are committed to protecting your privacy. Our Privacy Policy sets out how any personal data we collect from you, where we are acting as a data controller or co-controller of personally identifiable information, or that you give to us, will be processed, including collection, use, transfer, storage and deletion. The Policy aims to be compliant with GDPR legislation.
PRINCIPLESIn processing personal data, we are guided by the following principles. Personal data should be:Processed fairly, lawfully and transparently – and only if there is a valid ‘legal basis’ for doing soProcessed only for specified, explicit and legitimate purposesAdequate, relevant and limitedAccurate (and rectified if inaccurate)Not kept for longer than necessary to accomplish its purpose or as required by lawProcessed securely – to preserve the confidentiality, integrity and availability of the personal data
We take your privacy seriously and will therefore, never sell your personal data to anyone and will take precautions to keep it secure. You have the right to access, correct, update, or delete your data by submitting a request to data at francesking dot com. Any questions regarding our processing of personal data may also be directed to: data at francesking dot comINFORMATION COLLECTED
We may collect the following data:Information that you provide by filling in our online enquiry and enrolment and forms. This includes subscribing to newsletters, requesting information or applying to studyInformation that you provide by completing any printed enrolment form or information request, including medical information, when applying to study, including copies of written or printed documents you supply to support your applicationInformation you supply by using email, written correspondence or by telephone or chatInformation supplied by a third party such as your educational references, examination results, sponsorship details and English test resultsIf you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondenceWe may also ask you to complete feedback and other surveys that we use for quality control or marketing, although you do not have to respondDetails of your visits to our website including location, traffic data, weblogs, operating system, browser usage, the resources that you access and other communication data.
We collect information on:Students and those acting for them: when you apply for a course or programme at the schoolEnquirers and those acting for them: when you contact us for information, via our website, by email, by phone, in person or via chat and social media channelsPartners: when you work with us in a commercial capacity (for example as an Education Tour Operators (ETOs))Hosts: when you apply to be a homestay providerJob applicants: when you apply to work at Frances King School of English, and when you are employedSocial media: if you post on our social media channels or on our website or blogSTUDENTS
Before you start your course and during your relationship with us we will collect, store and process the following personal data:Full NameAddressContact telephone numbers and email addressDate of birthPassport numberPhotoNext of kin contact detailsCourse and language level and study history detailsMedical detailsPermission to collect and store data of students under the age of 18 is obtained directly from a child’s parents or legal guardian through our consent formsACCESS TO YOUR PERSONAL DATA
Access to personal data is restricted to those individuals who may need it to meet their or the school’s obligations.
The specific data each individual has access to is limited to that which is necessary for them to be able to carry out their function.
This means the following may have access to some or all of your data:The DirectorsEnrolment and student services teamAccommodation teamAcademic and welfare teamFinance teamMarketing teamWHO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA WITH
In order to fulfil our contractual and regulatory obligations we may need to share your personal data with third parties.
Some of our operational requirements and our outsourced suppliers also necessitate access to your personal data.
We are committed to limiting the personal data that we share to that which is necessary for suppliers to be able to carry out the function they are contracted to perform.YOUR DATA MAY BE SHARED WITH:Educational Tour Operators (ETOs)Quality Standard Inspectorates such as The British Council; ACELS, Quality English, IALC, MEIHotels, student residences and host families and other accommodation providersUK and Irish government agencies e.g. the Home Office; Immigration; the Health & Safety Executive, the PoliceTaxi & airport transfer providersInsurance providersInternship/work experience providersExamination centresEmbassies and Companies, including reports on academic results and attendance for sponsored studentsAppropriate medical authorities in the event of a medical emergencyHOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
We will retain all your personal data for the duration of your contract and then for a further 5 years to enable us to meet our regulatory and legal obligations; to ease administration should you wish to return to undertake further studies; and to keep you up to date with news from the school which may be of interest to you.
After 5 years, some elements of your personal data records will be deleted.HOW WE USE PHOTOS OR VIDEOS
We may take photos and videos of our students enjoying their stay with us. We may share these images through blogs and social media so that those involved with the course (such as parents, staff, students, ETOs) can see activities as they happen. Students’ full names will never appear with the images shared in this way.
Photos and videos may also be taken and used as follows:Class or activity event photos (so students return home with a photo with friends)Centre blog postsOn websites, in brochures and other printed publicity materialOn social media posts (such as Facebook, Instagram and Twitter)By our official partners for their websites and brochuresBy other associated organisations (e.g. the British Council, Quality English, EnglishUK, MEI)
We may continue to use these images in future years.
If you do not wish a student’s image to be used for marketing purposes, please contact data at francesking dot comHOMESTAY PROVIDERS
Before you start and during your relationship with us we will collect, store and process the following personal data:Full NameAddressContact telephone numbersContact email addressBank detailsPassport numberContractRisk Assessments of your propertyAges of all residentsDriving LicenceGas CertificateDBS/National Vetting Bureau CertificatesWHO HAS ACCESS TO YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
Access to personal data is restricted to those individuals who may need it to meet their or the school’s obligation.
The specific data each individual has access to is limited to only that which is necessary for them to be able to carry out their function.
This means the following may have access to some or all of your data:The DirectorsEnrolment and student services teamAccommodation teamAcademic and welfare teamFinance teamMarketing teamWHO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA WITH
In order to fulfil our contractual and regulatory and obligations we may need to share your personal data with third parties.
Some of our operational requirements and our outsourced suppliers also necessitate access to your personal data.
We are committed to limiting the personal data that we share to that which is necessary for suppliers to be able to carry out the function they are contracted to perform.Students and their parents/guardiansQuality Standard Inspectorates such as The British Council; ACELS, Quality English, IALC, MEIDBS (UK)/National Vetting Bureau (Ireland)UK and Irish government agencies e.g. the Home Office; Immigration; the Health & Safety Executive, the PoliceTaxi & airport transfer providersHOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
We will retain all your personal data for the duration of your contract and then for a further 7 years to enable us to meet our regulatory and legal obligations.
After 2 years, some elements of your personal data records will be deleted.EDUCATIONAL TOUR OPERATORS
Before you start and during your relationship with us we will collect, store and process the following personal data:Full NameCompany AddressContact telephone numbersContact email addressBank detailsReferencesWHO HAS ACCESS TO YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
Access to personal data is restricted to those individuals who may need it to meet their or the school’s obligation.
The specific data each individual has access to is limited to only that which is necessary for them to be able to carry out their function.
This means the following may have access to some or all of your data:The DirectorsEnrolment and student services teamAccommodation teamAcademic and welfare teamFinance teamMarketing teamWHO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA WITH
In order to fulfil our contractual and regulatory and obligations we may need to share your personal data with third parties.
Some of our operational requirements and our outsourced suppliers also necessitate access to your personal data.
We are committed to limiting the personal data that we share to that which is necessary for suppliers to be able to carry out the function they are contracted to perform.Students and their parentsQuality Standard Inspectorates such as The British Council; ACELS, Quality English, IALC, MEIUK and Irish government agencies e.g. the Home Office; Immigration; the Health & Safety Executive, the PoliceHOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
We will retain all your personal data for the duration of your contract and then for a further 5 years to enable us to meet our regulatory and legal obligations.
After 5 years, some elements of your personal data records will be deleted.JOB APPLICANTS AND EMPLOYEES
Before you start and during your relationship with us we will collect, store and process the following personal data:Full NameAddressContact telephone numbersContact email addressBank detailsCVQualificationsEmployment historyReferencesWHO HAS ACCESS TO YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
Frances King staff involved in the recruitment and HR process will have access to your personal data.
This is normally your line manager, payroll staff, and the Academic Management team and Directors who may need to write future references.WHO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA WITH
As part of our recruitment process, your data may be shared with the Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) in the UK or the National Vetting Bureau in Ireland if
a) you are successful at interview but did not present a valid DBS/National Vetting bureau certificate at interview or
b) are required to renew your DBS/National Vetting bureau certificate.
In addition, names of staff who have previously taught in the UK state sector will be checked against the Prohibited Checklist.Quality Standard Inspectorates such as The British Council, ACELS, Quality English, IALC, MEIHOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
For safeguarding purposes, we keep some personal data on all employees indefinitely. You can request that your telephone numbers, email address and bank details be removed from our records after you have completed your contract if you so wish.HOW WE USE PHOTOS OR VIDEOS
We take photos and videos of our students enjoying their stay with us. We may share these images through our blogs and social media so that those involved with the course (e.g. parents, staff, students, ETOs) can see these activities. Your full name will not appear with your image without your consent.
Photos and videos may also be taken and used as follows:Class or activity event photos (so students return home with a photo with friends)Centre blog postsOn websites, in brochures and other printed publicity materialOn social media posts (such as Facebook, Instagram and Twitter)By our official partners for their websites and brochuresBy other associated organisations (e.g. the British Council, Quality English, EnglishUK, MEI)
We may continue to use these images in future years.LEGAL BASES FOR PROCESSING YOUR DATA
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) establishes 6 legal bases on which we can process your data: these are Consent, Contract, Legal Obligation, Vital Interests, Public Task and Legitimate Interests.Consent: the data subject has given clear consent for you to process their personal data for a specific purpose.Contract: the processing is necessary for a contract the Company has with the data subject, or because they have asked you to take specific steps before entering into a contract.Legal Obligation: the processing is necessary for the Company to comply with the law.Vital Interests: the processing is necessary to protect someone’s life.Public Task: the processing is necessary for the Company to perform a task in the public interest or for the Company’s official functions, and the task or function has a clear basis in law.Legitimate Interests: the processing is necessary for the legitimate interests of the Company or of a third party unless there is a good reason to protect the data subject’s personal data which overrides those legitimate interests.
For further information about these legal bases and fuller definitions, please refer to the ICO website,
http://www.ico.org.uk.
Data areas and legal bases include:
Enquiring, applying for and booking a course and related services
Contract, Legitimate Interests
Processing of customer data not directly related to the fulfilment of a booking or related services, such as signing up for newsletters or sending messages to you on behalf of third parties
Consent
Data collected as part of managing our relationship with commercial partners, such as ETOs, Government Agencies and Schools
Contract, Legitimate Interests and Legal Obligation
Data collected as part of the process of recruiting and managing homestay providers
Contract, Legal Obligation and Legitimate Interests
Data necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
Legitimate Interest (the protection and assertion of our legal rights, your legal rights and the legal rights of others).
Data identified in this policy where necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, or obtaining professional advice.
Legitimate Interest (the proper protection of our business against risks).
Personal information about children under the age of 18 in the context of managing bookings and for safeguarding purposes. Permission is obtained directly from a legal adult guardian to collect this information through our Parental Consent Form.
Vital InterestSAFEGUARDING
The school has safeguarding responsibilities and carries out DBS checks in the UK and Garda Vetting in Ireland on all staff and other people who are likely to have direct supervisory responsibility for or unsupervised contact with young people under the age of 18. We may process and record securely risk assessments of these DBS checks where the disclosure is not clear. These risk assessments will be disposed of securely when that person no longer has supervisory responsibility or unsupervised contact with young people under the age of 18 on behalf of the school.IP ADDRESSES AND COOKIES
We may collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and to report aggregate data. This is statistical data about our users’ browsing actions and patterns and does not identify any individual and we will not collect personal information in this way.
Small pieces of information known as cookies will be installed on your computer to collect statistical information including navigation paths, number of visits, returning customers and hits per page. The only personal information that a cookie can contain is information that you provide yourself. They cannot read data off your hard disk. We use these cookies to help us determine the usefulness of the information that we provide and to see how user-friendly our website is. Frances King School of English does not share the information that it gathers from cookies with other non- Frances King School of English entities or sell it to third parties. If you prefer not to receive cookies from our website, you can set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies and refuse the cookie when your browser alerts you to its presence. You can also refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser. You are required to have cookies turned on to enable you to use the My Alerts section of the Frances King School of English Websites.
You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of cookies. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our site. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you log on to our site.LINKS FROM OUR WEBSITE
Our website contains links to and from websites operated by individuals and companies over which we have no direct control. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy and terms of use policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.USE OF CCTV
Where CCTV cameras around the school/campus are in use we adhere to the ICO’s code of practice for the use of CCTV.SECURITY OF YOUR DATA
Your personal data is held on a secure computer and manual files shall not be processed for any other purpose than those set out in this Privacy Policy. The server Frances King School of English uses to store this information is accessible to authorised staff only, is further connected to the Internet through a firewall and is therefore not accessible to the public.CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy may be amended by Frances King School of English from time to time. We will notify you of any material changes affecting our use of your personal data.HOW TO STOP RECEIVING MARKETING MESSAGES AND NEWSLETTERS
Please contact data at francesking dot comINCORRECT INFORMATION AND YOUR RIGHTS
It is important that we hold up to date and accurate information and that its accuracy is maintained during your relationship with us. If you think there may be any inaccuracies or if you change address, telephone number, email, etc., it is your responsibility to bring this to our attention as quickly as possible by emailing data at francesking dot com dot
You also have the right to withdraw consent to the processing of information for which you have previously given consent.
You may also request access to the data we hold on you. Provision of such information will be subject to:Administration fee (£15 at March 2019)Evidence of your identity
We may withhold personal information that you request as permitted by the law.
To make any of these requests relating to your personal data, please contact us at: data at francesking dot comCOMPLAINTS
If you’re unhappy with how we’ve handled your information, please raise this with the appropriate department of the school and we should be able to resolve the matter quickly.  If you are still unhappy, then you should raise your complaint in writing to: Head of Administration, 77 Gloucester Road, London SW7 4SS, UK. Finally, you have the option of contacting:
UK
Ireland
Information Commissioner’s Office
Wycliffe House,
Water Lane,
Wimslow,
SK9 5AF
Tel: 0303 123 1113
Website: http://www.ico.org.uk
Data Protection Commission
21 Fitzwilliam Square South
Dublin 2
D02 RD28
Tel: 0578684800
Website: http://www.dataprotection.ie
In This Section
Terms
Privacy
Disclaimer
Which school would you like to book?You can use our secure booking forms below for London and Dublin to place your order and make a secure payment with your booking. Please select which location you would like to book for below.London School Dublin School
Send Us A MessageOur online chat is currently offline but you can send us a message and we will get back to you ASAP.