http://www.franksreelreviews.com/privacy-policy
Reel Reviews - Official Site
Home
In Theaters / VOD
Home VideoDVD/Blu-ray/4K
BADass B-Movies.
Reel Classics
Netflix Finds
Music
Trailers
Reel NewsFeature Articles
Best-of Lists
Morbidly Hollywood©Morbidly Hollywood Stories
Morbidly Hollywood Explicit
Skip to content
Privacy Statement
Reel Reviewsrecognizes that respecting user privacy over the Internet is of utmost importance. This privacy statement is designed to provide information about the privacy and data collection practices for the site: http://www.franksreelreviews.com. The Site is operated by Frank Wilkins. If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should first contact our site coordinator at contact@ franksreelreviews.com or by postal mail to:
Reel Reviews 7005 Calm Meadow Ct. Garland, TX 75044
Identifying Information.In general, you can visit the Site without telling us who you are or providing any information about yourself. In some areas of the Site, we ask you to provide information that will enable us to process an order, offer services that require registration, assist you with technical support issues or to follow up with you. Generally, Reel Reviews requests identifying information when you:
Register on any of our web sites.
Provide feedback to an online survey or tell us about an idea or suggestion.
In these instances, Reel Reviews will ask for your name, address, e-mail address, phone number and other appropriate information needed to provide you with these services. In all instances, if you receive a newsletter or other mailing from us, you will always be able to "unsubscribe" to these mailings at any time.What Reel Reviews Will Do With Your Information.If you choose to give us personal information for any of the purposes above, this information is retained by Reel Reviews and will only be used byReel Reviews to support your customer relationship with us. We will not add you to a mailing list, or newsletter without your registration for this service. We will only contact you if further information is required from you to complete a service.What Others May Do With Your Information.Reel Reviews does not share, rent, or sell any personally identifying information provided through our Site (such as your name or email address) to any outside organization for use in its marketing or solicitations. From time to time Reel Reviews may use agents or contractors who will have access to your personal information to perform services for Reel Reviews (such as DATABASE MAINTENANCE), however, they are required by us to keep the information confidential and may not use it for any purpose other than to carry out the services for Reel Reviews. In addition, Reel Reviews may also share aggregate information about its clients and its web site visitors to advertisers, business partners, and other third parties. For example, we might share that our users are x percent PCs users and y percent Macintosh users. None of this information, however, will contain personal, identifying information about our users.Third Party Linkswww.reelreviews.com does provide links to other sites. Other Internet sites and services have separate privacy and data collection practices. Once you leave www.franksreelreviews.com, Reel Reviews cannot control, and has no responsibility for, the privacy policies or data collection activities at another site. We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.aspChildren's Privacy ProtectionReel Reviews is sensitive to the heightened need to protect the privacy of children under the age of 13. The vast majority of the material on our web site is not intended for children and is not targeted to children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect data from children and, if we learn that we have received personal data from a child, we will remove this information from our database.Changes to this PolicyReel Reviews may from time to time revise its privacy policy. You should therefore periodically visit this page, so you are aware of any such revisions. We will not, however, use your existing information in a manner not previously disclosed. You will be advised and have the opportunity to opt out of any new use of your information.Contacting Us.If you have any questions about our privacy policy and/or the practices of our web site, you can write to:
Reel Reviews 7005 Calm Meadow Ct. Garland, TX 75044
Joomla SEF URLs by Artio
New on Home Video
The New Mutants - 4K Blu-ray Review
Rest in Pieces (1987) - Blu-ray Review
Crip Camp - Movie Review
King of the Mountain (1981) - Blu-ray Review
Inner Sanctum Mysteries: Calling Dr. Death, Weird Woman, Dead Man's Eyes, The Frozen Ghost, Strange Confession and Pillow of Death (1943 - 1945)
Paramount Presents: Roman Holiday (1953) - Blu-ray Review
Sunset Boulevard: 4K Restoration (1950) - Blu-ray Review
Movie Trailers
THE MARK OF THE BELL WITCH Will Haunt Audiences December 15 - Movie Trailer
Werewolf (2020) - Movie Trailer
Tom Hanks is a Captain Yet Again in New Trailer for NEWS OF THE WORLD
SASQUATCH AMONG WILDMEN - Movie Trailer
The First Trailer for Denis Villeneuve's DUNE Is Here - Watch
BADass B-Movies
Feature Articles
Director Rene Perez Has Been Working on a
SNAKE EYES Fan Film: Check it Out Now
An All-new Original Scooby-Doo Movie Coming to Digital and DVD This October - HAPPY HALLOWEEN, SCOOBY-DOO!
Hand-wringing in Hollywood: When Covid Killed the Cinema Star
Our Most Wanted on Blu-ray and 4K Ultra HD This Week - January 7, 2020
Movie Reviews
The New Mutants - 4K Blu-ray Review
Paintball Massacre - Movie Review
Rest in Pieces (1987) - Blu-ray Review
Eternal Code - Movie Review
King of the Mountain (1981) - Blu-ray Review
Backwoods - Movie Review
Beast Mode - Movie Review
Werewolf - Movie Review
Morbidly Hollywood
Colorado Street Suicide Bridge
Death of a Princess - The Story of Grace Kelly's Fatal Car Crash
Joaquin Phoenix 911 Call - River Phoenix - Viper Room
Screen Legend Elizabeth Taylor Dies at 79
Suicide and the Hollywood Sign - The Girl Who Jumped from the Hollywood Sign
The Amityville Horror House
The Black Dahlia Murder - The Death of Elizabeth Short
The Death of Actress Jane Russell
The Death of Brandon Lee
The Death of Chris Farley
The Death of Dominique Dunne
The Death of George Reeves - the Original Superman
Our Tweets
Tweets by @FReelReviews
You are here: Home
Privacy Statement
Top
Skip to content
Copyright© 2003, Reel Reviews. All rights reserved. No part(s) of this site may be duplicated or used without permission.
HomeAboutContact UsPrivacy StatementReview ArchivesAll Movie Reviews