http://www.dramaleague.org/privacy
HOME|
CONTACT|
MEMBER LOGIN|
SIGN UP
About Anti-Racist Statement What We Do Who We Are Board of Directors Staff Directors Council Directors Project Alumni Advisory Council Current Directing Fellows Current Resident Directors Supporters Employment and Volunteer Opportunities
Press / Media
Events Monthly Digital Auction Upcoming Events DirectorFest Drama League Awards 2020 Nominees Award History Benefit Gala Gratitude Awards
Membership Individual Members Preferred Partners Join / Renew Planned Giving
Programs Digital Series Directors Project Fellowships Residencies Education Master Workshops
New Visions/New Voices International Exchanges Resources for Directors Theatre and COVID-19 Theatre and Systemic Change COVID-19 Survey for Directors COVID-19 Resources For Directors Directors Emergency Relief Fund
Home
/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Your Privacy
We are committed to the protection of your privacy on this website. This site does not collect personal information such as names and email addresses unless individuals knowingly provide that information.
Policy on Information Collection
The website collects personal information for membership purchases and renewals, program registrations, electronic newsletters and mailings, and general inquiries. This information is used only for the intended services. For some of these services, the site may request information about background, occupation, demographics, and interests.
The website automatically collects information about computer hardware and software. This can include IP addresses, browser types, domain names, access times, and the referring websites that visitors use to access this website. The site uses this information to maintain the quality of the service while you are on the website, as well as to collect general statistics about the site.
Policy on Information Disclosure
This site collects personal information to operate the site and to deliver the services you request. This information helps us understand our audience, and that allows us to better meet the needs of website users. We will not sell, trade, or rent personal information. We may compile aggregate statistics and provide them to third parties, but these statistics will not include information that identifies individual website users.
We may save personal information to comply with federal and state policies, but we will not disclose this information to third parties or government agencies unless we are required to do so by state or federal law or we must act under exigent circumstances to protect the safety of our users or the public.
Revisions to the Privacy Policy
The privacy policy may be revised at any time. We may revise the policy in response to changes in the law or other factors. We encourage website users to periodically visit this page to review the most current policy.
Terms and Conditions
AboutWhat We Do Employment and Volunteer Opportunities  Press / Media
EventsMonthly Digital Auction Upcoming Events DirectorFest Drama League Awards 2020 Nominees Benefit Gala Gratitude Awards
MembershipIndividual Members Preferred Partners Join / Renew
ProgramsDigital Series Directors Project Fellowships Residencies Education Master Workshops  New Visions/New Voices International Exchanges Resources for Directors COVID-19 Resources For Directors Directors Emergency Relief Fund
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Connect with us
The Drama League | 32 Avenue of the Americas | New York, NY 10013 | 212.244.9494 | info@dramaleague.org