http://www.ifcm.net/about-us/privacy-policy
×
Members login
your e-mail
New member registration
Registration
Social media account registration
facebook
google
Space for Advertisers and Sponsors
Privacy policy
About Us
Because we are an international organization, IFCM has a firm policy that the addresses of all members are never shared with anyone, even the membership itself.
We do give the possibility to our members to contact each other through the IFCM online Database. However, email addresses are not revealed and the contact, done by clicking to a ‘send a message’ button, can be ignored by the receiver.
Members are asked when they join and/or when they renew, if they want their email address added to this database. They have the opportunity to opt out.
ICB Bulletin
Official magazine of the International Federation for Choral Music, the International Choral Bulletin is published quarterly in the four official languages of IFCM: English, French, German and Spanish. It is distributed in more than 80 countries on the five continents and is the official voice of choral music around the world.
Read more
Global Choral Calendar
Our focus at the moment is to unite the choral calendars of international choral organisations. Meanwhile please consult the calendar of choral events published by the European Choral Association - Europa Cantat here.
Read more
We use cookies so that www.ifcm.net works for you. By using our website, you agree to our use of cookies. Learn more
Use of cookies and similar technologies
This article explains how we use technologies like cookies and pixel tags.
CookiesCookies are small data files sent to your browser when you visit a site. We use both our own cookies, as well as third-party cookies, to do a few different things:
Log you in to our services
Remember form preferences and settings
Keep your account secure
Better understand how people are using our services, and improve and promote those services based on that information
Google AnalitycsThis website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer to help the website analyse how visitors use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States .Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf.Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.OPT-OUTYou can set your browser to not accept cookies, but this may limit your ability to use the Services.