http://www.ohmywoodness.com/privacy-policy-cookie-restriction-mode
Oh My Woodness
Search:
Search
My Account
My Cart
Checkout
Log In
All ProductsLiving RoomDining RoomBedroomBathroomOutdoorWall DecorAccessoriesGiftsGifts under $50Gifts under $100Gifts for Garden LoversCustom Pieces
Home
/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Casa Positano LLC dba "Oh My Woodness" is committed to respecting your privacy and recognizing your need for appropriate protection and management of contact information you share with us (the phrase contact information means any information by which you can be contacted or personally identified, such as your name, mailing address, email address, telephone number, etc.). The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform you what information we may collect from you, how we use such information, and the choices you have regarding our use of, and your ability to review, correct and opt out of our use of, the information. This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect about you in our stores and through our websites and mobile applications. By using any of our web sites, mobile applications, or sharing your contact information with us, you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
As a part of our commitment to your privacy, Casa Positano LLC dba "Oh My Woodness" supports and adheres to the guidelines and practices adopted by the Direct Marketing Association's Privacy Promise to American Consumers. We have agreed to (1) provide customers with notice of their ability to opt out of information rental, sale, or exchange with other marketers; (2) honor customers' requests not to share their contact information with other marketers; and (3) honor customers' requests not to receive mail, telephone, or other solicitations from Casa Positano LLC dba "Oh My Woodness".
Collecting Information About You
There may be times (such as when you purchase or order a product, subscribe to a service, register to receive the newsletter, or to participate in contests, sweepstakes or promotions, etc.) when we ask you to provide certain contact information about yourself, such as your name, shipping/billing address, telephone number, email address, social media user name, credit card information, birth date, gender, occupation, personal interests, and other information. We may also maintain a record of your product purchases.
Whether or not to provide such information is completely your own choice. But if you choose not to provide the information we request, you may be unable to purchase products, or access certain services, offers and content on our web sites. In addition, we may need to contact you via phone, email or mail to address questions or issues specific to your order, entry, etc., even if you have opted to not receive marketing communications from us.
In general, you can visit many of our web pages without telling us who you are or revealing any contact information about yourself. We may track the Internet domain address from which people visit us, other electronic markers and identifiers and other information about our site and mobile app traffic. We may analyze this data for preferences, trends, site usage statistics and to recognize you. We may also receive usage data from your mobile phone or other device you use to access our web sites or our mobile applications, including location data, which we may also combine with other information.
If you access any of our websites or mobile applications with your log-in credentials from a social networking site (e.g., facebook or twitter) or if you otherwise agree to associate your account with us with a social networking site, we may receive personal information about you from such social networking site, in accordance with the terms of use and privacy policy of the social networking site. We may add this information to the information we have already collected from you via our stores, websites and mobile applications.
Using Information About You
We use your contact information for analytical and marketing purposes, such as:
confirming and tracking your order, subscription, or registration;
analyzing preferences, trends, and statistics;
informing you of our new products, services, and offers; and
providing you with other information from and about Oh My Woodness.
We contact you only in ways compatible with your communications choices. To the extent necessary for such purposes, we take reasonable steps to make sure that your contact information is accurate, complete, current, and otherwise reliable.
Cookies
When you visit our web sites, we send one or more cookies to your computer or other device. We may also use cookies in emails that you receive from us. A cookie is a small data file that is placed on the hard drive of your computer when you visit a web site. A session cookie expires immediately when you end your session (i.e., close your browser). A persistent cookie stores information on the hard drive so when you end your session and return to the same web site at a later date the cookie information is still available. We use cookies to improve the quality of our service when you visit our web site and other web sites of interest to you. We also use cookies to remind us of who you are, tailor our products, services and advertising to suit the personal interests of you and others, estimate our audience size, assist our online merchants to track visits to and sales at our web sites and to process your order, track your status in our promotions, contests and sweepstakes, and/or analyze your visiting patterns.
Protecting Children
Oh My Woodness takes special care to protect the safety and privacy of children. Our web sites are general audience sites. We do not permit anyone under the age of 13 to register with us. We also do not send email correspondence to anyone who tells us that they are under the age of 13.
Children under the age of 13 should always ask their parents or guardians for permission before providing any contact information to anyone online. We urge parents and guardians to participate in their children's online activities and use parental control or other web filtering technology to supervise children's access to the Internet.
Links to Third Party Web Sites
Our web sites may contain links to web sites operated and maintained by third parties, over which we have no control. Privacy policies on such linked web sites may be different from our privacy policy. You access such linked web sites at your own risk. You should always read the privacy policy of a linked web site before disclosing any of your information on such web site.
Policy Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy in whole or in part, we will inform you by posting a notice on our web sites, as applicable. Those changes will go into effect on the effective date posted in the notice and at the end of the revised Privacy Policy. The new policy will apply to all current and past users of our web sites and will replace any prior policies that are inconsistent. Your continued use of our web sites or other services constitutes your acceptance of the practices described in the revised Privacy Policy.
Your Feedback
To help us improve our privacy policy and practice, please give us your feedback.
Effective Date: December 30, 2015
About Us
Customer Service
Privacy Policy  |
Follow Us on Instagram
Site Map
Search Terms
Advanced Search
Orders and Returns
Help Us to Keep Magento Healthy - Report All Bugs (ver. 1.9.2.2)
All Rights Reserved.