https://www.thetrainline.com/terms/privacy
HomeTerms and ConditionsPrivacyPrivacy PolicyWelcome to Trainline’s Privacy Policy. When you use our services, you're trusting us with your information. This Privacy Policy will inform you as to how we look after your personal data when you use our services. We understand this is a big responsibility and we work hard to protect your personal data.
Effective: November 30 2020 / Version 1.6 Read also
Cookie Policy
Terms and Conditions
Security OverviewWho are we and what do we do?We’re Trainline. We’re made up of a core group of companies working together to help you get where you need to be:
Trainline.com Limited
Trainline SAS
Like you, your data goes on a journey. How we collect and use your data depends on where you travel and which train or coach company you travel with. Your personal data and our promises to youYour personal data is very important to us. Whenever you use our website or app, we’re committed to these four privacy promises:
We’ll be crystal clear about the personal data we use, how we use it and – most importantly – why we need it.
We’ll give you choices when it comes to your data and we’ll make it clear how we use your data.
We’ll keep your personal data secure, using the best possible technology, people and processes.
We’ve cut the jargon, to help you make informed choices about your personal data.
Personal data you give usYou may need to give us your personal data to use our services and book tickets – more on that below.
Personal data is anything that helps identify. It’s things like:
name
email or billing address
age
payment card details
phone number
details of any relevant railcards, discount or loyalty cards you might use
Personal data you give us about othersYou may be doing a trip with other guests whose details we may also need in order for them to travel.
By entering someone else’s personal data, you confirm you’ve either got their permission to give it, or permission from their parent or guardian (if the passenger is under 16).How we use your informationWe use your information in a number of different ways — what we do depends on the information. This has been explained below in detail, showing what we do and why.Payment card details and the address your card is registered to
Necessary to pay for ticket, provide refunds and compensation for journey delays, where eligible.
Some of the travel operators we work with may run your data through their own payment and eticket systems, to issue your tickets.
Legal basis for processing: Processing is necessary for the performance of a contract.
To prevent and detect fraud against either you or Trainline.
Legal basis for processing: Processing is necessary for the purposes of Trainline's legitimate interest.Name, email address, phone number and journey details
To make sure you get your tickets.
To contact you with essential info – booking confirmations, disruption messaging, refund info, compensation info for journey delays and service message.
Keeping your account up to date (only if you choose to set one up).
The operator needs this info to create your tickets and may need to contact you if there is service disruption.
Legal basis for processing: Processing is necessary for the performance of a contract.Name, email address, phone number
If you choose to give us feedback through our website or app, we’ll use your comments, combined with others, at an overview level, to improve our products and services.
When you email us or use our chat option, we use this info to help us with things like arranging refunds, or helping you pick the right ticket.
If you call us, we may record your phone call temporarily to help our Customer Service and Operations teams fix any issues you’ve raised, as well as for training and quality purposes.
We do not routinely share this type of data. We use carefully selected third parties to carry out this task, on our behalf.
We may send you marketing if you’ve told us you want to receive it, when you register an account with us.
Legal basis for processing: Processing is conducted based on consent.
We may send you things like push notifications about your booked journeys.
(Push notifications are the little pop-up banners and alerts you get in our app when we want to tell you about something. You can turn on (enable) or turn off (disable) push.
We do not routinely share this type of data. We use carefully selected third parties to carry out this task, on our behalf.
Legal basis for processing: Processing is conducted based on consent.
Your consent through your device settings. We want to send you relevant and up-to-date travel info and offers when you’re using our app and website.
We may send you marketing emails, inbox messages and push: letting you know about our news and offers when you book a ticket with us – unless you’ve asked us not to.
We may carry out surveys and market research activities (to improve our booking service for you), send notifications in your account, and involve you in competitions and promotions like our Refer-a-Friend programme.
Legal basis for processing: Processing is necessary for the purposes of Trainlines’ legitimate interest.
We use the absolute minimum amount of your data to provide our services to you. We want to send you these types of marketing messages to give you the best travel deals, and we’ll only send you relevant messages. You can choose not to hear from us at any time. We want your input in our market research, so we can keep improving our products and services.Date of birth or age bracket
Travel operators have different ticket costs, based on your age. We use this info to make sure you buy the right ticket.
Some travel operators offer discounted Youth/Senior tickets. If so, they may need your date of birth to confirm you’re entitled to those discounts.
Legal basis for processing: Processing is necessary for the performance of a contractRailcard and loyalty card detailsWe may collect personal data (including your name, age, email address, photograph, and railcard details) when you purchase or use Railcards at Trainline.
We collect this info for the purpose of retailing you Railcards and checking your eligibility for purchase of certain Railcards.
We will also collect this info to offer you a discount on your tickets (where applicable) or add points to any loyalty scheme you are signed up to.
We share this data with relevant travel operators and loyalty card scheme providers.
We will also share data (name and email address) with ATOC Ltd who acts as an independent Data Controller for the purposes of selling Railcards. Customers enter into a separate contract with ATOC Ltd when purchasing a Railcard. For more info please see ATOC’s Privacy Policy.
ATOC Ltd who acts as an independent Data Controller will use this data (name and email address) for the purposes of fraud prevention and verification. For more info, including further uses for this data, please visit ATOC’s Privacy Policy.
Legal basis for processing: Processing is necessary for the performance of a contract.SeasonsWe may collect personal data (including your name, email address, journey and ticket info, method of payment, photocard number and discount info) when you purchase a Seasons ticket at Trainline.
We will share this data with relevant UK rail travel operators via ATOC Limited (ATOC) and Rail Settlement Plan (RSP), who act on behalf of the UK rail travel operators and who are independent data controllers.
We will collect and share this info for the purposes of: confirming your identity; administering the ticket and resolving season ticket issues; fraud prevention; and providing relevant info about your journey.
We will also collect and share this info for the purpose of enforcing the terms of your season ticket contract between you and the relevant UK rail travel operator.
Legal basis for processing: Processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with Trainline and in the Legitimate Interests of the relevant UK rail travel operators.
In the event Trainline stops selling Season tickets, personal data (as listed above) relating to customers whose season tickets have not yet expired, may need to be passed to the relevant UK rail travel operators (via ATOC and RSP).
The relevant UK rail travel operators may use this info to provide  after care services, like issuing refunds, duplicates and replacements.
Legal basis for processing: Legitimate Interests of Trainline and the relevant UK rail travel operators.Personal data we collect automaticallyWhenever you use our website or app, we automatically collect certain information using cookies and device info.Your location and device information We use your location data, device number and IP address to make your travels easier, by showing you things like your nearest station and when the next train home is.
We also use this data to deliver you content as fast as we can by connecting you to the closest server to you. (For example, Load Balancing and Content Distribution Network)
This data also helps with security and protection from fraudsters.
Legal basis for processing: Processing is conducted based on legitimate interest.
Web browsers on all devices, and apps on phones and tablets, can accurately pinpoint your location using GPS and assisted GPS.
Your location can be determined with varying degrees of accuracy by:
GPS
IP address
Whilst some location data is collected automatically for the purposes we set out above, you’ll be asked when you use a GPS-enabled web browser or device whether you want to share this info with us. You can change this in your device or browser settings any time you like.Social loginBy logging into your social media accounts like Facebook and Google, you drop cookies. These cookies can collect info about your IP address and the pages you visit.
IP address
Other potentially identifying data
Legal basis for processing: Processing is conducted based on consent
You choose if you want to register with us either using Google, Facebook or Apple.
Note, we don’t control Facebook, Google or Apple's actions. If you choose to use your Google, Facebook or Apple account to log in with us, you’ll be subject to Google, Facebook and Apple's privacy policies too. Third partiesWe share your personal data with the following types of third parties.Service providersThese providers help us carry out many of the above activities. We only give them the parts of your personal data that they need. And we make it clear to them that they must keep your personal data safe and only use it for those specific services.The authorities Sometimes we must share parts of your personal data with authorities such as the police. Generally, it’s to help them prevent fraud and crime. When we do give this data to the authorities, it’s over to them to protect your info. We only share what is legally necessary.Travel operators (rail, coach and bus)We work with travel operators who also need your data to create your tickets and provide services in relation to your journey as well as to deal with after-sales matters. Some travel operators may run your data through their own payment and eticket systems in order to issue your tickets or notify you of any travel disruption.RestructureIf another company takes over or merges with a Trainline company, or if there's a restructure of the Trainline group, we'd need to transfer your personal data. It goes without saying that we’ll treat your personal data with the utmost care and respect. We'll still use your personal data in the same way as we’ve outlined in our Privacy Policy.Keeping your data
While you’re using our services, your personal data will be safe with us, but we’ll never keep it for longer than we need to.
As soon as we don’t need your personal data to offer our full services to you, we’ll make sure it’s either deleted or anonymised.
Cookies
Our website and app are so easy to use, thanks to Cookies. Cookies are tiny crumbs of personal data that we automatically collect when you use our website or app.
Let’s say you visited our website and changed your settings to pay in euros instead of pounds. Cookies help us remember your currency preference - so we can show you prices in euros next time. Pretty neat, right?
Our Cookies Policy gives a full breakdown of how we use Cookies, and how you can edit your preferences.
Personalising your experience
Just like a friendly barista who knows your daily coffee order, we want to offer you a personal service. The barista recognises you when they see your face, but we rely on cookies to know it's you.
We combine cookie data with booking and search history to tailor your experience.
See our Cookies Policy for more info.
International data transfers
We transfer your personal data to other Trainline companies in our core group and service providers outside the European Economic Area (EEA). We only work with service providers that prove to us that they have the same high standards around protection of your data as we do.
Your data is always securely processed. Where we transfer your personal data outside the EEA, we have rules and steps put in place to make sure your personal data is kept safe and protected. Usually this means we’ll have standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission in our contracts with parties outside the EEA, or we will rely on European Commission adequacy decisions. For companies based in the United States, we also rely on the Privacy Shield in order to ensure adequacy of transfers made.
Security
We’ve put in place stringent and accredited security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally or maliciously accessed, used, altered or deleted without explicit authorisation. In addition, we strictly limit access to your data to just those employees, contractors and trusted third parties who have a business need to access it, and they are all subject to binding contractual confidentiality obligations. For further information on our security practices, please see our dedicated security page.
Guest check out
If you’re in a rush, you can book tickets without signing in or creating an account. Your confirmation email gives you the option to create an account or link your booking to an existing account. We'd recommend doing this, it'll be easier to manage your booking.
We'll update your account with any changes you make to your marketing preferences.Your rightsYou have personal data rights. These are:
Data portability
This applies to information you give us. You can ask us to transfer this information to another data controller in an easy-to-read manner.
Find out more
Rectification
You can ask us to correct inaccurate or incomplete information.
Find out more
Restrict processing
You can ask us to restrict processing of your information in some circumstances.
Find out more
Access
You can ask us for copies of your data. This right always applies but there are some exceptions.
Find out more
Erasure
You can ask us to erase your data in some circumstances.
Find out more
Object to processing
You can object to how we process your data.
Find out moreHow to contact usYou can contact us using any of the following methods.
Email: DPO@thetrainline.com
Post: Data Protection Officer, PO Box 23972, Edinburgh, EH3 5DA.
You can complain about how we use your personal data at any time to the Information Commissioner’s Office. Find out more