http://www.littlesparta.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to contentPrivacy PolicyLITTLE SPARTA TRUST is a registered charity. We aim to have long term relationships with all our visitors, participants and supporters who are at the heart of the garden’s work. This Privacy Policy explains how we use your personal data lawfully, fairly and transparently so that you have trust and confidence in LITTLE SPARTA TRUST.What information do we collect about you?We collect your contact details when you sign up for one of our events, buy a ticket, join our mailing list, make a donation, make a purchase from the garden, buy something online or apply for a job/volunteer position. We also collect information about you when you complete a survey, make a comment or complaint, or leave your contact details for us to respond.This personal data may include:Contact detailsBiographical informationYour professional activitiesRelationships to friends and other contacts connected with LITTLE SPARTA TRUSTDonation and membership fee detailsSupporter status which may include reports or briefings, indicators of your interest in giving, due diligence analysisRecords of communications, meetings and marketing activities by LITTLE SPARTA TRUSTDepending on your settings or the privacy policies for social media and messaging services like Facebook, Instagram or Twitter, you might give us permission to access information from those accounts or services.LITTLE SPARTA TRUST’s website does not store or capture any personal information when you visit it and is not registered. Any information gathered about website usage is only used for producing anonymous website statistics and will be used to help us with the delivery of the services on the website.Cookies & AnalyticsCookies are small data files that a website can transfer to an individual’s computer hard drive for record keeping. Cookies can make websites easier to use by storing information about your preferences on a particular website. The information may remain on your computer after the internet session finishes and you leave the website but you can delete them using some browsers, manually or using system utilities. Most internet browsers are pre-set to accept cookies.If you wish to restrict or block the cookies which are set by the LITTLE SPARTA TRUST website, or any other website, you can do this through your browser settings. The Help function within your browser should tell you how. Alternatively, you may wish to visit www.aboutcookies.org which contains comprehensive information on how to do this on a wide variety of browsers. You will also find details on how to delete cookies from your computer as well as more general information about cookies. For information on how to do this on the browser of your mobile phone you will need to refer to your handset manual. For more information on cookies and their uses, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.We use Google Analytics to collect information about how our visitors use and navigate our website. We may use this information to report to funders and to analyse usage of the website so that we can continually work to improve the user experience. The cookies collect information such as the number of visitors to the site, which pages they visited and whereabouts they came to the site from. This information is anonymous and cannot be used to identify you personally.LITTLE SPARTA TRUST is responsible for the protection of your data at all times.How we use your informationWe aim to be clear when we collect your data and only use it in a way that you would reasonably expect. We may process your personal data because it is necessary to fulfil a service or contract, for example if you become a member or donor, or make a donation. We will stay in touch so we can tell you how your support is making a difference to our programmes and about other ways you can continue to help.Whether you are a supporter or have given your consent for us to contact you, we will send you news, invitations and information about our visiting times, events, opportunities and activities. We would also like to share our successes and invite you to be part of our supporter community. We communicate by email and occasionally by post. Any information you choose to provide us with will be treated confidentially and is never shared with or sold to third parties. You can choose to change your preferences or unsubscribe from any of our communications at any point by clicking the unsubscribe link in our newsletter, by emailing contact@littlesparta.co.uk.Developing a better understanding of our supporters through their personal data allows us make better decisions, fundraise more efficiently and ultimately ensure that LITTLE SPARTA TRUST delivers its mission to be a free garden for everyone.We may process personal data because it is in our legitimate interests to do so. This helps us make appropriate requests to supporters who may be able and willing to give more than they already do. For example, we may use your personal information, geographic, demographic and other information to better understand your interests and preferences. This helps us tailor our communications to you so they are personal, relevant and timely. We may also use publicly available information about you from sources such as online and social media sources (for instance, LinkedIn, Companies House or published articles) or the electoral roll. We may use the services of external screening or profiling companies for this depending on your privacy settings and/or involvement with LITTLE SPARTA TRUST.Before seeking or accepting major donations we are required to conduct due diligence which includes reviewing publicly available information about the donor.How we protect information about youWe keep your data safe on a secure server which is routinely monitored. Your information is accessible only to appropriately trained staff. We never share your personal information with third parties.How can I access the information you hold about me? You have the right to request a copy of the information we hold about you. We accept requests by post only with proof of identity so we can ensure that we provide data to the right person. For both these requests, please contact Dr Laura Robertson, Administrator, STONYPATH, DUNSYRE, ML11 8NG.We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. You may ask us to correct or remove information you think is inaccurate, or you may ask us to stop using your personal data altogether.Changes to this Privacy PolicyWe may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. Any changes we may make to our privacy notice in the future will be posted on this page and, if there are any significant changes we will contact you directly.How to contact usPlease contact us if you have questions about our Privacy Policy or information we hold about you by emailing contact@littlesparta.co.uk or by writing to Dr Laura Robertson, Administrator, STONYPATH, DUNSYRE, ML11 8NG.Last updated: June 2018