http://www.freesheetmusicguide.com/privacy.htm
the
Free Sheet Music guide a friendly place to find free
sheet music, guitar tabs and more on the
Internet.
home
| piano
| guitar
| pop/rock
| classical
| christian
| christmas
| original
| play
by ear
| subscribeCheck out the new Christmas piano
music course, Christmas Keys Vol.
1 -
"Conquering Christmas Classics."
The Free Sheet Music Guide
Privacy Policy...The Free Sheet Music Guide has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our commitment to privacy.
The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: FreeSheetMusicGuide.com.
This site contains many links to other web sites. FreeSheetMusicGuide.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Our site makes use of forms so that customers may request information and/or purchase products. The information we collect may include the visitor's contact information (like their home address and email address) and/or financial information (for credit card purchased orders). Information provided to us by our visitors is never given out to anyone, but is used only to contact the visitor/customer when necessary. Email addresses are only kept if you sign up for our mailing list. Credit card information provided for purchases is used to bill the customer and then is purged after 30 days. Our shopping cart system uses the strongest encryption available. You'll find details on that here.
Users may opt-out of
receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. Financial information that is collected is used
to bill the user for products.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications
from us at the point where we request information about the visitor. If you purchase a product, there is an opt-out option on the order form. If you sign up for the mailing list, you can opt-out at any time by clicking a link on the newsletter to unsubscribe.
We use outside ad companies to display ads on our site. Ads may contain advertising cookies, and appear to be coming from our site, but in reality they are coming from our partners who are serving ads on our site. You can opt out of receiving those advertising cookies from advertisers from any web site at the NAI web site.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices
of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact
David Nevue
Midnight Rain Productions
P.O. Box 21831
Eugene, OR 97402
management@rainmusic.com
Back
to the Home
Page