http://www.musiccitymystique.org/privacy-policy
Cart
0
About Us
Our Team
Productions
JOIN
Shop
History
Donate
Contact Us
Back
2019
2018
2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005
2004
2003
2002
2001
2000
1999
1998
1997
1996
1995
Privacy policyGENERALMCM PRODUCTIONS TAKES YOUR PRIVACY SERIOUSLY. PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING AGREEMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE. BY USING THIS WEBSITE, YOU ARE AGREEING TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THE AGREEMENT.  MCM PRODUCTIONS RESERVES THE RIGHT TO CHANGE THIS PRIVACY POLICY AT ANY TIME, EFFECTIVE IMMEDIATELY UPON POSTING ON THE SITE.  PLEASE CHECK THIS PAGE OF THE SITE PERIODICALLY.SECURITYMCM Productions takes every precaution to protect users’ information collected through www.musiccitymystique.org (the “Website”).  This Website has security measures in place to help protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of information under our control.  Despite these measures, the confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted to or from us via this site by Internet or e-mail cannot be guaranteed.Only employees, contractors, and agents who need the information to perform specific job functions are granted access to personally identifiable information.USE OF COOKIESA cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s hard drive containing information about the user.  Cookies may be used in our online store to retain shopping cart information and in our member areas to verify access privileges.  If a user rejects the cookie, they may still use the Website.LOG FILESMCM Productions may use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.  IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.  IP addresses are also used to link a particular user to their shopping cart.LINKSThe Website contains links to other sites.  Please be aware that MCM Productions is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites.  MCM Productions encourages its Website users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Website.LIMITATION OF LIABILITYTo the extent not prohibited by law, in no event shall MCM Productions be liable for personal injury, or any incidental, special, indirect or consequential damages whatsoever, including, without limitation, damages for loss of profits, loss of data, business interruption or any other damages or losses, arising out of or related to your use or inability to use this Website, however caused, regardless of the theory of liability (contract, tort or otherwise) and even if MCM Productions has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation of liability for personal injury, or of incidental or consequential damages, so this limitation my not apply to you.INFORMATION COLLECTION AND DATA USEMCM Productions is the sole owner of the information collected on this Website.  MCM Productions will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement.  MCM Productions collects information from our users at several different points on our website.While every effort is made to protect your personal information against unauthorized access and disclosure, it is still possible that malicious third parties may unlawfully intercept or access your data.  Therefore, there is no guarantee, that your personal information or private communications will remain private in all circumstances.In the event that your personal information is acquired, or is reasonably believed to have been acquired, by an unauthorized person and applicable law requires notification, MCM Productions will make an attempt to notify you of the breach by email or, if MCM Productions is unable to contact you by email, then by U.S. mail.  MCM Productions will give you notice promptly, consistent with the reasonable needs of law enforcement to determine the scope of the breach and to investigate and restore the integrity of the data system.DATA INTEGRITYMCM Productions processes personal information only for the purposes for which it was collected and in accordance with this Privacy Policy or any applicable service-specific privacy notice.  MCM Productions reviews its data collection, storage and processing practices to ensure that it only collects, stores and processes the personal information needed to provide or improve its services.  MCM Productions takes reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information processed is accurate, complete, and current.  MCM Productions relies on the users to update or correct their personal information whenever necessary.CHOICE/OPT-OUTMCM Productions may send emails, newsletters, or advertisements to its Website users to inform them of upcoming events, sales, or other important information.  If the information collected is to be displayed on our website or distributed, the user will have the opportunity to choose to not have their information made available before they submit it.  In most cases, the reason users will submit their information, is to have it displayed on our website.  If, for any reason, a user would like to no longer receive information from MCM Productions, they can send an email to info@musiccitymystique.org and request to be removed from the MCM Productions mailing lists.Users of our site will be notified when their information is being collected by any outside parties. MCM Productions does this so our users can make an informed choice as to whether they should proceed with services that require an outside party, or not.NOTIFICATION OF CHANGESChanges to this Privacy Policy will be posted on the Website and will take effect immediately upon posting.  If at any point MCM Productions decides to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, MCM Productions will notify users by way of an email.  Users will have a choice as to whether or not MCM Productions uses their information in this different manner.  MCM Productions will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.