https://www.christinefeehan.com/privacypolicy.php
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy of www.christinefeehan.com and www.christinefeehan.net — together, referred to in this Policy as "The Website". This Policy also will refer to www.christinefeehan.net
alone as "The Community".
The Website collects or solicits some Personal Data from its Users.
Data Controller and Owner
Christine Feehan Productions
P.O. Box 181
Mendocino, CA 95460 USA
email: use this form
Types of Data collected
Among the types of Personal Data that this Website collects or solicits, by itself or through third parties, there are: Cookie, Usage Data, Email, First Name, and Last Name.
Other Personal Data collected or solicited may be described in other sections of this privacy policy or by dedicated explanation text contextually with the Data collection.
Some of the Personal Data may be freely provided by the User (upon solicitation by the Website), while other Personal Data may be collected automatically when using this Website.
Any use of Cookies — or of other tracking tools — by the Website or by the owners of third party services used by this Website, unless stated otherwise, serves to identify Users and remember their preferences, for the sole purpose of providing the service required by the User.
Failure to provide certain Personal Data may make it impossible for this Website to provide its services.
The User assumes responsibility for the Personal Data of third parties published or shared through this Website and declares to have the right to communicate or broadcast them, thus relieving the Data Controller of all responsibility.
Mode and place of processing the Data
Method of processing
The Data Controller processes the Data of Users in proper manner and shall take appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification or unauthorized destruction of the Data.
Access to the Data may be available to Data Processors such as employees involved with the processing or to external parties providing services to the Data Controller, third party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communication agencies. The updated list of these parties may be requested from the Data Controller at any time.
Place
The Data is processed at the Data Controller headquarters, unless stated otherwise in the rest of this document.
Conservation Time
The Data is kept for the time necessary to provide the service requested by the User, or stated by the purposes outlined in this document, and the User can always request the Data Controller for their suspension or removal.
The use of the collected Data
The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Website to provide its services, as well as for the following purposes: Interaction with external social networks and platforms and Contacting the User.
The Personal Data used for each purpose is outlined in the specific sections of this document.
Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data
Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services:
"Contact Me" form (www.christinefeehan.com)
Personal Data collected: Old Email Address, New Email Address.
By filling in the "Contact Me" form (on this page) with their Data, the Users authorize this Website to use these details to reply to requests for information, quotes or any other kind of request as indicated by the form's header.
Mailing List or Newsletter (The Website)
Personal Data collected: Email Address.
A small form is provided at the bottom of every page to enable a User to register for the mailing list or newsletter. A similar form is made available on a separate page for the same purpose of register for the mailing list or newsletter. By registering to the mailing list or to the newsletter, the User's email address will be added to the contact list of those who may receive email messages containing information of commercial or promotional nature concerning this Website. Your email address might also be added to this list as a result of signing up to the Website.
Address Change (The Website)
Personal Data collected: Old Email Address, New Email Address.
By filling in the "Address Change" form (on this page) with their Data, the Users authorize this Website to remove the old email address they provide from the Mailing List, and replace it with the new Mailing List they provide. The User's new email address will be added to the contact list of those who may receive email messages containing information of commercial or promotional nature concerning this Website.
Mailing List Unsubscribe (The Website)
Personal Data collected: Email Address.
At the bottom of every mailing that is sent out to the mailing list is a link that enables the User receiving the mailing to "opt out" and request to have their email
address removed from the mailing list of this Website, which request will then be honored by the Data Controller in a timely fashion. Once their email address has been removed from the mailing list, the User will no longer receive email messages containing information of commercial or promotional nature concerning this Website.
Community Signup (The Website)
Personal Data collected: First Name, Last Name, Email Address, Password, Gender and Birthday.
By filling in the "Community Sign Up" form (on this page) with their Data, the User authorizes this Website to create a personal account for the User in the Community (www.christinefeehan.net). Upon confirming this request for a Community account via clicking on an emailed
confirmation link, the User is logged into their account, and provided with am introduction page that instructs them on their policy settings.
The introduction page includes the following guideline:
"Press 'My Settings' to see your privacy settings. Currently it's set so that everyone can view and post on your wall, everyone can see which books you've read, but only your friends can see your other information. You may prefer different settings."
This introduction page also provides a link, "View and edit your profile [click here]", that enables
the User to adjust their privacy settings as they please. With regard to the personal data collected for Community Signup, the User is given complete control (through these
privacy settings) to make the collected information (see below) visible or not to other members:
In particular, all Basic Information (including the information collected
upon sign up) can be set to be seen by "Only Me" (the User), "Only Friends" (those other members of the Community that the User accepts or chooses to give the special community designation, "friend"), or "Everyone" (all members of the Community).
Independent of (and superceding) the privacy setting for Basic Information, the privacy setting for "gender" information can be
set independently, with the same options: "Only Me", "Only Friends", or "Everyone".
Also independent of (and superceding) the privacy setting for Basic Information, the privacy setting for "birthday" information
can be set with any of the following options chosen: "Show full birthday to everyone" (where "everyone" refers to every member of the Community); "Show full birthday to friends, show month & day to everyone else" (where "friends" refers to the special designation of "friend" within the community); "Show full birthday to friends"; "show nothing to anyone else"; "Show only month and day to everyone"; "Show friends only month and day, don't show anyone else anything"; "Don't show birthday to anyone (except me)".
The sole uses of the User information collected via the Community Sign Up form are:
to screen and prohibit "under-age" members (less than 18 years old) using the provided Birthday information;
to add all Community members to the Website mailing list, using the provided email address;
to enable the User to share the information as the User chooses (via the privacy settings described in detail earlier) with other members of the Community.
Amazon Links
On all the book pages, there are links to the corresponding Amazon page where the book (or e-book, audiobook, or other related product) can be purchased. As an Amazon Associate,
Christine Feehan Productions earns a commission from qualifying purchases resulting from a visitor clicking through from this site to the Amazon site, and then going on
to make a purchase.
Additional information about Data collection and processing
Legal Action
The User's Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Data Controller, in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of this Website or the related services.
Additional Information about User's Personal Data
In addition to the information in this privacy policy, this Website may provide the User with contextual information concerning particular services or the collection and processing of Personal Data.
System Logs and Maintenance
For operation and maintenance purposes, this Website and any third party services may collect files that record interaction with this Website (System Logs) or use for this purpose other Personal Data (such as IP Address).
Information not contained in this policy
More details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from the Data Controller at any time using the Contact Form on this Website.
The rights of Users
Users have the right, at any time, to know whether their Personal Data has been stored and can consult the Data Controller to learn about their contents and origin, to verify their accuracy or to ask for them to be supplemented, cancelled, updated or corrected, or for their transformation into anonymous format or to block any data held in violation of the law, as well as to oppose their treatment for any and all legitimate reasons. Requests should be sent to the Data Controller using the Contact Form on this Website.
GDPR. Citizens of the European Union have the additional rights provided by the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). These include, but are not limited to: The Right to be Forgotten; the Right of Access; the Right of Portability; and the Right to be Notified About Any Breaches. Any European citizen wishing to exercise any of these rights relative to the data collected by this Website may contact the Data Controller at any time, using the Contact Form on this Website.
Changes to this privacy policy
The Data Controller reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by giving notice to its Users on this page. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom. If a User objects to any of the changes to the Policy, the User must cease using this Website and can request the Data Controller to erase the User's Personal Data. Unless stated otherwise, the then-current privacy policy applies to all Personal Data the Data Controller has about Users.
Information about this privacy policy
The Data Controller is responsible for this privacy policy, prepared starting from the modules provided by Iubenda and hosted on the Iubenda's servers.
Further disclosures
Amazon Services LLC Associates Program
As an Amazon Associate, Christine Feehan Productions earns from qualifying purchases.
Definitions and legal references
Personal Data (or Data)
Any information regarding a natural person, a legal person, an institution or an association, which is, or can be, identified, even indirectly, by reference to any other information, including a personal identification number.
Usage Data
Information collected automatically from this Website (or third party services employed in this Website), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use this Website, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server's answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Website) and the details about the path followed within the Website with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User's IT environment.
User
The individual using this Website, which must coincide with or be authorized by the Data Subject, to whom the Personal Data refer.
Data Subject
The legal or natural person to whom the Personal Data refers to.
Data Processor
The natural person, legal person, public administration or any other body, association or organization authorized by the Data Controller to process the Personal Data in compliance with this privacy policy.
Data Controller (or Website Owner, or Owner)
The natural person, legal person, public administration or any other body, association or organization with the right, also jointly with another Data Controller, to make decisions regarding the purposes, and the methods of processing of Personal Data and the means used, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of this Website. The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of this Website.
This Website
The hardware or software tool by which the User Personal Data is collected. "This Website" includes both www.christinefeehan.com and www.christinefeehan.net.
Cookie
Small piece of data stored in the User's device.
Legal information
Notice to European Users: this privacy statement has been prepared in fulfillment of the obligations under Art. 10 of EC Directive n. 95/46/EC, and under the provisions of Directive 2002/58/EC, as revised by Directive 2009/136/EC, on the subject of Cookies.
This privacy policy is solely about this Website.
Date of Last Modification
This Privacy Policy was last modified on
July 28, 2020 at 19:39:36 CST.