http://www.piano-play-it.com/privacy-policy.html
Privacy Policy
We recognize that your privacy is important. This document
outlines the types of personal information we receive and
collect when you use Piano Play It, as well as some
of the steps we take to safeguard information. We hope this
will help you make an informed decision about sharing
personal information with us.
Piano Play It strives to maintain the highest
standards of decency, fairness and integrity in all our
operations. Likewise, we are dedicated to protecting our
customers', consumers' and online visitors' privacy on our
website.
Personal Information
Piano Play It collects personally identifiable
information from the visitors to our website only on a
voluntary basis. Personal information collected on a
voluntary basis may include name, postal address, email
address, company name and telephone number.
This information is collected if you request information
from us, participate in a contest or sweepstakes, and sign
up to join our email list or request some other service or
information from us. The information collected is internally
reviewed, used to improve the content of our website, notify
our visitors of updates, and respond to visitor inquiries.
Once information is reviewed, it is discarded or stored in
our files. If we make material changes in the collection of
personally identifiable information we will inform you by
placing a notice on our site. Personal information received
from any visitor will be used only for internal purposes and
will not be sold or provided to third parties.
Use of Cookies and Web Beacons
We may use cookies to help you personalize your online
experience. Cookies are identifiers that are transferred to
your computer's hard drive through your Web browser to
enable our systems to recognize your browser. The purpose of
a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to
a specific page. For example, if you personalize the sites
pages, or register with any of our site's services, a cookie
enables Piano Play It to recall your specific
information on subsequent visits.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies by
modifying your Web browser; however, if you choose to
decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the
interactive features of the site.
A web beacon is a transparent image file used to monitor
your journey around a single website or collection of sites.
They are also referred to as web bugs and are commonly used
by sites that hire third-party services to monitor traffic.
They may be used in association with cookies to understand
how visitors interact with the pages and content on the
pages of a web site.
We may serve third-party advertisements that use cookies and
web beacons in the course of ads being served on our web
site to ascertain how many times you've seen an
advertisement. No personally identifiable information you
give us is provided to them for cookie or web beacon use, so
they cannot personally identify you with that information on
our web site.
Some third-party advertisements may be provided by Google,
which uses cookies to serve ads on this site. Google uses the
DART cookie, which enables it to serve ads to our users based
on their visits to this site and other sites on the Web. You
may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the
Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Browsers can be set to accept or reject cookies or notify
you when a cookie is being sent. Privacy software can be
used to override web beacons. Taking either of these actions
shouldn't cause a problem with our site, should you so
choose.
Use of Info Links
These links are part of a
pay per click advertising program called Infolinks.
Infolinks is an In Text advertising service: they take my text and create links within it.
If you hover with your mouse over these double underlined links,
you will see a small dialog box containing advertisement related to the text marked.
You can choose to either move the mouse away and go on with your browsing,
or to press on the box and go to the ad page which is relevant to the text.
Click here to learn more about Infolinks Double Underline Link Ads.
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act
This website is directed to adults; it is not directed to
children under the age of 13. We operate our site in
compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection
Act, and will not knowingly collect or use personal
information from anyone under 13 years of age.
Non-Personal Information
In some cases, we may collect information about you that is
not personally identifiable. We use this information, which
does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to
administer the site, to track users' movements around the
site and to gather demographic information about our user
base as a whole.
The information collected is used solely
for internal review and not shared with other organizations
for commercial purposes.
Release of Information
If Piano Play It is sold, the information we have
obtained from you through your voluntary participation in
our site may transfer to the new owner as a part of the sale
in order that the service being provided to you may
continue. In that event, you will receive notice through our
website of that change in control and practices, and we will
make reasonable efforts to ensure that the purchaser honors
any opt-out requests you might make of us.
How You Can Correct or Remove Information
We provide this privacy policy as a statement to you of our
commitment to protect your personal information. If you have
submitted personal information through our website and would
like that information deleted from our records or would like
to update or correct that information, please click on this
link and/or use our Contact Us page.
Updates and Effective Date
Piano Play It reserves the right to make changes in
this policy. If there is a material change in our privacy
practices, we will indicate on our site that our privacy
practices have changed and provide a link to the new privacy
policy. We encourage you to periodically review this policy
so that you will know what information we collect and how we
use it.
Agreeing to Terms
If you do not agree to Piano Play It Privacy
Policy as posted here on this website, please do not use
this site or any services offered by this site.
Your use of this site indicates acceptance of this privacy
policy.
How To Play Piano by Chords
THE FAST AND EASY WAY TO LEARN PIANO!
The Ultimate Piano by Chords Learning Kit
Check It Out Now!
"Your entire site is simply fantastic. I really loved it. Now I am learning the basics of piano by myself, with your really great help.
Thank you very much!"
Jaime C. from Brazil
"I only started to play about six weeks ago but the last hour of watching your videos about chord progressions has been something of a revelation. You're brilliant!!!!"
Stephen Roberts from U.S.A
"I'm a beginning keyboard player and your video's are an excellent guide. You're absolute not in a hurry, and take time to explain.
I'm sure I'll follow all your lessons to get the hang of playing the piano/keyboard!"
Wouter E. from the Netherlands
"Thanks for all your work ( tuto and others ). You're doing a really great job, You're the best internet teacher I know."
Anthony Hassen Cohen from France
Home
Just Added
Piano Sheets
Piano Tutorials
Get Free Sheets!
Our Piano Courses
How to Accompany!
Learn Chords
Theory
Beginners Course
Read Notes
Playing Technique
Piano Articles
[?] Subscribe ToThis Site
Enjoy This Site?
Then why not use the button below, to add us to your favorite bookmarking service?
| Homepage |
Site Map
|
Just Added |
Buy Us Coffee!
|
Sign up / Freebies |
Recommended Products |
Articles & Reviews |
Blog |
Beginners Course |
Accompaniment Course |
Notes Lessons |
Playing Technique |
Chords |
Theory|
Tutorials |
Sheets |
Forum
|
Piano Videos |
History |
Piano Stuff|
Keyboards and Pianos|
Our Privacy Policy
Return to top
Copyright piano-play-it.com © 2008-2017.