http://www.churchillhouse.com/cookie-privacy-policy
Churchill House School of English Language (we, us, our) is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. We take the privacy of all of our customers and site users seriously and take great care to protect your personal information.
Company Information
Churchill House School of English Language42 Spencer Square, Ramsgate, Kent, CT11 9EQ
Tel:+44 1843 593630
Fax: +44 1843 584827Email: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. Managing Director: Rex Stickland
Privacy and General Principles
This policy governs any kind of processing (including collection, use, transfer, storage and deletion) of personally identifiable information (any information that may be used to identify a physical person, and any other information associated therewith) about natural persons using this website. This policy applies to our processing of data collected through any means, actively as well as passively, online from persons located anywhere in the world. Any question regarding our processing of personal data may be directed to: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Please read the following policy carefully to understand what information we may collect from you, how we may use it, and your rights in respect of our use.
We will be guided by the following principles when processing data:
We will only collect data for specific and specified purposes
We will not collect data beyond what is necessary to accomplish those purposes
We will not use data for purposes other than that for which the data was collected, except as stated herein, or with prior consent
We will not transfer data to third parties or across borders, except as stated herein, or with prior consent
We will seek to verify and/or update data periodically, and we will accept requests for amendments of personal data
We will apply high technical standards to make our processing of data secure
Except when stated herein, we will not store data in identifiable form longer than is necessary to accomplish its purpose, or as is required by law
IP Addresses and Cookies
From any point after you have entered our website we may collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for user analysis. This is statistical data about our users' browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual, unless if information has been given by a user.
We may obtain information about your general Internet usage by using a cookie file, which is stored on the hard drive of your computer. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive. They help us to improve our website and to deliver a better and more personalised service.
The following cookies are used on this website.
exp_tracker - This cookie temporarily keeps track of the last 5 pages you visited on the site. This information allows the site to redirect you to the page you were on before activities such as submitting a comment or sending an email through the contact form. It is a ‘session’ cookie, meaning it expires as soon as you close your browser.
exp_last_activity and exp_last_visit - These cookies store the dates of your last activity on the site. exp_last_visit is only relevant to registered users — if you’re browsing the site as a guest, this cookie will be set to a date in the past. These are ‘persistent’ cookies, which do not automatically expire when you close your browser.
General Information about Cookies
Most browsers automatically accept cookies. You can prevent cookies from being stored on your computer or device by setting your browser to not accept cookies. Some browsers provide a mode where cookies are always deleted after a visit. The exact instructions for this can be found in the manual for your browser. You can delete cookies already on your computer or device at any time. If you choose not to accept cookies at all, you can still visit our website, however we cannot guarantee an optimum experience without cookies.
Please view Google's ads preferences manager for details of how you can opt of providing information used for advertisement targeting.
Google Analytics and Clicky Cookies
Our website uses Google Analytics and Clicky to collect aggregated statistical information.
These external sites set their own cookies. Please see Google's privacy centre and Clicky's terms and conditions.
Changes to our Privacy and Cookies Policy
Any changes we may make to our Privacy and Cookies Policy in the future will be posted on this page. Please check this page from time to time to ensure that you are aware of any changes to our Privacy and Cookies Policy. Your continued use of this website will be deemed to signify your acceptance to any changes to our Privacy and Cookies Policy.
How we will use your information
We may use information held about you in the following ways:
To create a profile for you to help us provide a more personalised service which is suited to meet your preferences.
To ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and your computer.
To send you our newsletters or provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes.
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so.
To notify you about changes to our service.
Personal Information
In the course of using this website or conducting business with Churchill House School of English Language, personal information may have been freely given by the user for contact purposes (name, address, telephone number, email). You can contact us at anytime to have these details removed from our database.
Intellectual Property Rights
Unless otherwise stated, we are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in our site, and in the material published on it. Those works are protected by trademark and copyright laws. All such rights are reserved.
The trademarks depicted on our site are owned by us or our clients.
All materials on this site, including but not limited to images, artwork, text, audio clips, and video clips, are, unless otherwise stated, owned and controlled by us and may not be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted or distributed in any way. Modification of the materials or unauthorized use of the materials for any purpose is a violation of our legal rights.
Acceptable Use
You may only use our site for lawful purposes. You may not use our site:
In any way that breaches any applicable local, national or international law or regulation.
In any way that is unlawful or fraudulent, or has any unlawful or fraudulent purpose or effect.
To transmit, or procure the sending of, any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising or promotional material or any other form of similar solicitation (spam).
To knowingly transmit any data, send or upload any material that contains viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, keystroke loggers, spyware, adware or any other harmful programs or similar computer code designed to adversely affect the operation of any computer software or hardware.
Not to reproduce, duplicate, or copy any part of our site without our express permission.
Links
Our website may contain links to and from websites operated by individuals and companies over which we have no control. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy and terms of use policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.