https://www.fortsmithsymphony.org/privacy-policy/
Buy Tickets
Privacy Policy
The Fort Smith Symphony and Your Privacy
At the Fort Smith Symphony, we respect your right to privacy, and we understand that donors and patrons of the Fort Smith Symphony and users of the Fort Smith Symphony Web site need to be in control of their personal information. “Personal information” includes, but is not limited to, name, address, telephone number, e-mail address and credit card information. The Fort Smith Symphony does not sell, rent, swap or otherwise disclose any of this information. The Fort Smith Symphony adopted this privacy policy to inform donors and patrons of the Fort Smith Symphony and users of the www.fortsmithsymphony.org Internet site how the Fort Smith Symphony collects, stores and uses personal information.
Collection of Information
If you provide your e-mail address the Fort Smith Symphony may contact you periodically with special offers, updated information and new services. If you provide the Fort Smith Symphony with your mailing address or telephone number, the Fort Smith Symphony may also use this information to alert you to updated information and new services. If you wish to be removed from the mailing list, you may do so by contacting the Fort Smith Symphony directly (see below). If we request demographic information, we will not share information about you as an individual with any other entity. If we do share demographic information with third parties, we will give them aggregate information only.
Financial information
The Fort Smith Symphony will protect any personal financial information that you share with us. If you make a purchase online, by mail, or over the phone we will use your credit card number only to process your payment and will not use it for marketing purposes. For reasons of security, this site does not collect or store credit card information. This site processes payments through a third party that is PCI compliant. We will retain order information for our records, but this information is never shared with third parties.
Contact Us/How to update your personal information
You can help the Fort Smith Symphony maintain the accuracy of your personal information by notifying us when you change your address, title, phone number, or e-mail address. If at any time you wish to update your information or stop receiving communication from the Fort Smith Symphony, please contact the Fort Smith Symphony by e-mail or by postal mail at:
Fort Smith Symphony
PO Box 3151
Fort Smith, AR 72913-3151
Or by telephone at (479) 452-7575 X1
Physical Address: Central Mall 5111 Rogers Ave., Suite 617 Fort Smith, AR  72903
Please include your old and new contact information so that we can make the appropriate corrections. The Fort Smith Symphony reserves the right to update this policy at any time. Notice of revisions will be posted on this site, and the revised policy will apply only to information collected thereafter.
For the Website only:
Links
Our site may include links to other Web sites whose privacy policies we don’t control. Once you leave our servers (you can check where you are by checking the URL in the location bar on your browser), use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site you are visiting. That policy may differ from ours. If you can’t find the privacy policy of any of these sites via a link from the site’s homepage, you should contact the site directly for more information. The Fort Smith Symphony is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Cookies
Certain applications in the Fort Smith Symphony Web site invoke a standard feature found in browser software, called a “cookie.” We use cookies only to track the progress of e-commerce transactions and to allow site users to move from one page to the next without having to re-enter personal order information. We do not use cookies to track user sessions, and we do not use or share information transferred through cookies with third parties for marketing or other purposes.
Programs and artists are subject to change without notice. Support for the Fort Smith Symphony is provided, in part, by the Arkansas Arts Council, an agency of the Department of Heritage and the National Endowment for the Arts.
Dear Fort Smith Symphony Patrons:
We are happy to report that we are in the process of rescheduling our “Sounds of Hitchcock” concert and hope to have a date selected soon.
Thank you for your patience as we work through this process during unprecedented times.
We are also encouraging everyone to renew their season tickets for what promises to be a thrilling 2020-2021 season!
For the many who have renewed thus far, thank you for your enthusiasm and support.
×