http://www.folktours.com/terms-and-conditions.html
Terms and Conditions | FolkTours.com
FolkTours
HOMECOMMUNITYUSA EVENTSTURKEY EVENTSCALENDARREGISTERMEDIATURKISH DANCEFORUM
PhotosVideosMusic TeachersDance TeachersDaily ScheduleEvent ClassesActivitiesReviewsGeneral InfoMusic TeachersDance TeachersEvents ItenaryEvent ClassesActivitiesGeneral InformationOptional ToursAbout Turkey User PanelLists Of EventsEVENTS
USA PHOTOSEVENTS TURKEY PHOTOSTurkish MusicTurkish Music InstrumentsTurkey Visitor Informations
Skip to content
Terms and Conditions
Policies, Terms and Conditions:
The terms, policies and conditions (collectively known as "Conditions") described below govern the use of this site (referred to as "folktours.com" or "site"). Your use and/or placement of any order indicate your acceptance of these Conditions.
Privacy
This privacy statement has been created in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to protecting customer privacy.
We keep your personal information private and secure. When you register to our site, you provide your name, email address and a password. We use this information to keep you updated on our events and concerts with our newsletter.
When you make a purchase from our site, you provide credit card information, billing address and phone number. We use this information to process your orders, to keep you updated on your orders and to personalize your shopping experience. Our checkout process is provided by "Google Checkout™", please review their privacy policies and terms and Conditions before you complete your purchase.
Our secure servers protect your information using advanced encryption techniques and firewall technology. To keep you informed about our latest offers, we may notify you of current promotions, specials and new additions to the folktours.com site. You may unsubscribe from our newsletters by following the unsubscribe instructions in any email you receive from us.
When entering any of our contests or prize drawings, you provide your name, email address and mailing address. If you win, we will send the prize to the address entered and notify you by email. When you enter a contest or drawing you are also included in our newsletter list to receive notice of promotions, specials and new additions to the folktours.com site. You may unsubscribe from this news list by following the unsubscribe instructions in any email received.
We use "cookies" to keep track of your current shopping session to personalize your experience and so that you may retrieve your shopping cart at any time. Cookies are small files which store certain information about your activity on the website and are stored on your computer’s hard drive. Our cookies do not contain any personally identifying information. We use cookies to let us know that you are a prior customer, so that you don’t have to reenter information you gave us on your prior visits. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but most allow you to instruct your browser to prevent the use of cookies. However, if you disable cookies, you will not be able to use certain features of this website.
Privacy on Other Web Sites
Other sites accessible through our site have their own privacy policies and data collection practices. Please consult each site's privacy policy. folktours.com is not responsible for the actions of third parties.
Order Acceptance Policy
Your receipt of an electronic or other form of order confirmation does not signify our acceptance of your order, nor does it constitute confirmation of our offer to sell. The folktours.com reserves the right at any time after receipt of your order to accept or decline your order for any reason or to supply less than the quantity you ordered of any item.
Credit Cards
We accept all major credit cards There is no surcharge for using your credit card to make purchases with folktours.com. As our checkout process is provided www.authorize.net please review their privacy policies and terms and conditions before you complete your purchase.
Typographical Errors
In the event a product is listed at an incorrect price due to typographical error or error in pricing information received from our suppliers, folktours.com shall have the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. folktours.com shall have the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is canceled, folktours.com shall immediately issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price
Links
This site may contain links to other sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by third parties. You acknowledge that folktours.com is not responsible for the operation of or content located on or through any such site.
A Special Note About Children
We do not knowingly solicit data from children, nor do we knowingly market to children. We require that children under the age of 18 use this service only in conjunction with their parents or guardians.
Copyright and Trademark Notice
This site is owned and operated by folktours.com. Unless otherwise specified, all materials appearing on this site, including the text, site design, logos, graphics, icons, and images, as well as the selection, assembly and arrangement thereof, are the sole property of folktours.com., Copyright © [2010], ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. You may use the content of this site only for the purpose of shopping on this site or placing an order on this site and for no other purpose. No materials from this site may be copied, reproduced, modified, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any form or by any means without folktours.com ’s prior written permission. All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved. Any unauthorized use of the materials appearing on this site may violate copyright, trademark and other applicable laws and could result in criminal or civil penalties.
Other Conditions
These Conditions will supersede any terms and/or Conditions you include with any purchase order, regardless of whether folktours.com. signs them or not.
folktours.com reserves the right to make changes to this site and these Conditions at any time. You should check this page periodically for changes.
Questions and Comments
We welcome your questions and comments about this Conditions
Cancellation Policy Turkey Events
If an attendee cancels their registration for Alaturka, he or she must notify Folk Tours in writing in order to be eligible for their refund. A confirmation letter will be sent to you via e-mail or by post to notify you that we have received your cancellation notice. There is a cancellation fee, the amount of which is dependent upon the date that you notify us that you wish to cancel.
Cancellations charges are as follows:
Prior to 60 days…$100… between 59-30 days...$200… between 29-15 days....50% of total cost per person.
Less than 15 days........75% of total cost. No refund will be allowed on unused event/tour services. In the unlikely event that it becomes necessary to change or cancel any part or all of the event / tour, we reserve the right to do so. If we cancel the event/tour a full refund will be issued. We advise travelers to have their own travel insurance. M.E.D Folk Tours Inc. and or Anatolian Folk Tours assume no liability on this matter. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, sexual orientation, age, religion or national origin.
No refund will be allowed on unused tour services. In the unlikely event that it becomes necessary for us to change or cancel any part or all of the tour, we reserve the right to do so. If we cancel the tour a full refund will be issued.
We advise travelers to have their own travel insurance. M.E.D. Folk Tours, Inc. and/or Anatolian Folk Tours. assumes no liability on this matter . We do not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, sexual orientation, age, religion or national origin.
Please Note. We reserve the right to terminate the festival and/or tour participation of any attendee who behaves in a way that is contrary to Turkish law or endangers themselves or others (at the participant’s expense).
I am 18 years of age or older and I am competent to contract in my own name. I have accepted this waiver, and I declare that I fully understand the contents, meaning and impact of this document
A cancellation confirmation letter will be sent to you via e-mail or by post.
Cancellation Policy  USA Events
Notice of cancellation by camper must be confirmed in writing to us. Cancellations charges are as follows: Cancellations have to be made in writing 15 days before in order to receive refunds (less $50 per person for a processing fee).
Less than 15 days........75% of total cost. No refund will be allowed on unused event services. In the unlikely event that it becomes necessary to change or cancel any part or all of the event, we reserve the right to do so. If we cancel the event a full refund will be issued.
We regret that no refunds will be granted after this date under any
circumstances. A confirmation letter will be sent to you via e-mail or
by post.
Please Note
We reserve the right to terminate the camp participation of any attendee (at the camper's expense) who behaves in a way that is contrary to US law or endangers other campers. All instructors have been booked in advance but are subject to change in the event of circumstances beyond our control. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, sexual orientation, age, religion or national origin.
I am 18 years of age or older and I am competent to contract in my own name. By clicking and accepting this waiver, I declare that I fully understand the contents, meaning and impact of the above document
Contact Information
MED Folk Tours Inc
45-54 39  place Suite :2 C
Sunnyside
NewYork
United States
11104
Email:
This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it
Telephone: 1718-472-1172
Cost of Alaturka Festival 201---
The cost of the Festival is $1,800 for the early bird special, $1875 regular
price excluding airfare. A deposit of $ 500.00 US per person required to ensure
your reservation.
The rest of the balance is due June 6th 2-----. Registration deadline is June 6th
20----. Single room supplements are available for an additional $350. The international flight tickets to and from Turkey are at your own expense but
Folk Tours can help you with arrangements. Please contact us for details at
This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it
Group Discount
If you have 5 or more students, friends and/or family members who join our
Festival and/or optional tours, you are entitled to a special discount on your
festival package!You will receive a 5% discount for every person you have referred. This offer
applies to full time festival attendees and does not include children or
significant others. Please contact us for more details at
This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it
"Miscellaneous details"
US, Mexican and Japanese Participants must fly out on July 3rd. European
participants fly out on July 4th. Everyone should plan to arrive in Istanbul on
July 4th for the beginning of the Festival.
Festival ends July 11th at breakfast when we say our goodbyes - bring plenty of
tissues!
*Subject to change due to weather
Included in Alaturka Festival 201----
Most but three meals (which will be during your free time), 3 star hotel and
accommodations (double occupancy), taxes, all ground transportation, guided tour
of the Grand Bazaar, shopping for costumes, instruments and souvenirs, five days
of dance instruction, classes in Turkish and Arabic Oriental, Turkish Romany
(Gypsy), Folkdance and drum classes, free admission to music and dance parties
where you will see Turkish and Arabic Oriental dance, and Romany (Gypsy) music
and dance featuring some of the most accomplished musicians and dancers in
Turkey, lots of open dance time with live music, student and teacher cabaret,
our own luxurious Turkish bathhouse experience, a Bosphorus cruise with live
music and a wonderful dinner with the Romany (Gypsy) musicians of Kumkapi.
Not Included in Alaturka Festival 201----
The optional tour package, international air travel and airport taxes, passport
and visa fees (the visa fee as of 2/2006 is $26 for a US citizen and these can
be purchased when you arrive at the Istanbul airport), travel insurance,
personal health insurance, inoculations and vaccinations, any expenses prior to
arrival in Turkey, meals not specified as being included, any beverage such as
mineral water, soft drinks or liquor, museum fees, room service, valet, laundry,
telephone calls, internet costs, the costs of additional personal items, your
own shopping items, extra snacks or teas, the single supplement if you choose a
single hotel room, tips to your drivers/guides and escorts which are not
included and left to participant's discretion, tips for musicians and dancers at
your discretion
Cancellation Policy for 201-----
If an attendee cancels their registration, he or she must
notify Folk Tours in writing
in order to be eligible for their refund.
A confirmation letter will be sent to you via e-mail or by post to notify you
that we have received your cancellation notice.
There is a cancellation fee, the amount of which is dependent upon the date
of your notification. Cancellations fees are as follows:
Prior to 60 days before the event: $100 per person
Between 59-30 days before the event: $200 per person
Between 29-15 days before the event: 50 % of total cost of the
festival and/or optional tour(s).
Less than 15 days before the event: 75 % of total cost of the festival
and/or optional tour(s).
Less than 7 days before, no refund.
In the unlikely event that it becomes necessary to change or cancel any part or
all of the festival or optional tours, we reserve the right to do so
If we cancel the festival or any of the optional tours, a full refund will be
issued.In the unlikely event that we should have to alter our itinerary or
cancel, we urge our attendees to purchase refundable airlines tickets.
We want for your investment to be protected. We advise travelers to have their
own travel insurance; Folk Tours Inc. assumes no liability on this matter.
We do not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, sexual orientation, age,
religion or national origin.
In the unlikely event that we should have to alter our
itinerary or cancel, we urge our attendees to purchase
refundable airlines tickets (we want  your investment to be
protected). Tweet
Search
Username
Password
Remember Me
Forgot your password?
Forgot your username?
Create an account
Connect with Facebook
Subscribe Newsletter
Folk Tours Newsletter
2011 US CAMP VIDEOS
Most Read
OSSAMA FAROUK
Camp Location
TAYYAR AKDENIZ
TAYYAR AKDENIZ
Latest Members
Show All
You are here:
TERMS & CONDITIONS
Top
Skip to content
| ABOUT US | CONTACT US | TERMS & CONDITIONS | SITE MAP | LINKS | NEWSLETTER ARCHIVES | ARCHIVES | FORUM |
Copyright © 2010 M.E.D. Folk Tours LLC . All Rights Reserved. Template Designed by JoomlArt.com and Webmaster