http://www.louisepenny.com/privacypolicy.htm
Privacy and cookies policy - Three Pines Creations
Inc
LAST UPDATE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY - [28th April
2018]
1. Introduction
1.1 We are committed to respecting and protecting your
privacy. This policy sets out our approach. “We”
in this context are Three Pines Creations Inc. We are
the Publishers of louisepenny.com and act as the administrators
of the policy. In the policy we’re referred to
as “The Administrator”.
1.2 We are committed to protecting the privacy of visitors
to the website in accordance with the EU General Data
Protection Regulation 2016 (GDPR) (the “Regulation”).
1.3 This privacy policy explains how we may collect
personal data and how we use the information we may
collect about you.
2. Information collected and retained by the Administrators
2.1 We collect personal information about you from personal
details provided by yourself in relation to the service
we offer. We do not collect any sensitive personal information
such as information on your racial or ethnic origins,
political opinions, religious beliefs, trade union affiliations,
sexual life, health or criminal history.
3. Use of information by the Administrators
3.1 We collect information which is necessary to:
3.1.1 provide the email Services to you;
3.1.2 notify you via email marketing from Louise Penny
ONLY via newsletter
3.1.3 carry out internal administration and analysis.
3.2 We can also use that information to enhance your
visit (if you have opted in to our newsletter) to our
website by:
3.2.1 telling you about new products, new services;
3.2.2 tailoring your experience
3.2.3 informing you of changes in our website.
3.3 By providing us with your personal information,
you consent to us using (including collecting, storing
and processing) your personal information. We will of
course inform you of any changes to our Privacy Policy
and you will have the opportunity to opt out of those
changes which affect you.
4. Accessing and amending your personal information
We will process your personal data for the purposes
set out in clause 3 above. If, however, you have any
queries or requests in relation to Data Protection/GDPR
please notify Three Pines Creations Inc via email -
contact@louisepenny.com.
5. Protection of personal information
We use our reasonable endeavours, to ensure proper storage
and careful disclosure of your personal information
in order that nothing improper happens to your private
information. These security measures mean that we may
occasionally have to ask you for proof of identity before
we are able to disclose personal information to you.
6. External Websites
This Privacy Policy only applies to this website. The
website may contain links to external websites. Please
note that we are not responsible for the privacy practices
of other websites. We recommend that you check the privacy
policy of any other websites you may visit through the
website. The inclusion of links to such websites does
not imply any endorsement of the material on such sites
nor any association with their owners or operators.
If you have any complaints relating to such sites, please
contact them directly.
7. Opt-In
By using this Site or any other The Company Site or
interactive banner ads, you signify your acceptance
of our Privacy Policy, and you adhere to the terms and
conditions posted on the Site. By submitting your information,
you agree that it will be governed by our Privacy Policy.
If you tick the opt-in box to sign up to our newsletter
we will be able to send you our latest news via email.
You have the right to ask for a copy of the information
held by us about you in our records. You also have the
right to correct any inaccuracies in the information
or unsubscribe at anytime.
web site design by HTMLyall Scotland