http://www.stormthecastle.com/privacy-policy.htm
Home
I have a youtube channel with over 750 Project Videos!
Types of Projects
Big List of Projects here
Assassin's Creed
Dragonslayer stuff
Game of Thrones
How to Make a...
Lord of the Rings
Paper Castles
Paper Mache
Skyrim
Projects for Kids
Spartan
Video Game Projects
Cosplay Weapons/Armor
Wizard Projects
Christmas Projects
Halloween Projects
Subjects
Art & Drawing
Beekeeping
Blacksmithing
Bonsai
Catapults
Classical Guitar
Dioramas
Fantasy Art School
Fantasy Swords
For Writers
For Webmasters
Goldfish
Hobbies
Leathercrafting
Military Dioramas
Make Video Games
Mead Making
Miniatures
Model Rockets
Nature projects
Obsessions
Origami
Paper Making
Paper Games
Paper Projects
RC Airplanes
Rocket Launchers
Science Projects
Stained Glass
Stamp Collecting
Stop Motion Animation
Sword Making
Tatebanko
Telescopes/Astronomy
Terrariums
The Meaning of Life
Things
Trebuchets
More Stuff
Adventures/Travel
The Creativity of it
DragonSlayer
Send Me your pics
Products/Tools
Fan Art
My Medieval Blog
Medieval Website
Medieval Projects
Medieval Castles
Telescope Nerd
Earn With a Website
Press/Media kit
Contribute to my Website
Hi, Thanks for visiting my website. My name is Will and if you have questions
or would like to
contribute projects or ideas you can contact me
My privacy policy
Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to your website.
Google's use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and/or other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting the ads preference manager . (Alternatively, you can direct users to opt out of a third-party vendor's use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page .)
If you have not opted out of third-party ad serving , the cookies of other third-party vendors or ad networks may also be used to serve ads on your site, and should be disclosed in your privacy policy as well in the following manner.
Notify your site visitors of the third-party vendors and ad networks serving ads on your site.
Provide links to the appropriate vendor and ad network websites.
Inform your users that they may visit those websites to opt out of cookies (if the vendor or ad network offers this capability). Users can opt out of some, but not all, of these cookies in one location at the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out website at www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp .
The Amazon Affiliate Program - I have on this website links to products on amazon.com. I am enrolled in the amazon affiliate program which means I potentially earn a commission if you follow through the link and purchase from amazon. This is at no cost to you. If you purchase based on my recommendations I thank you for supporting me!
Do you like making projects and exploring a variety of hobbies?
Sign up for my free newsletter. I give you regular updates on hobbies and projects you can make. it is totally free and I don't share your email with anybody.