https://www.grassicgibbon.com/privacy/
Introduction
The Grassic Gibbon Centre is committed to protecting the privacy and security of your personal data. This policy statement explains how the Grassic Gibbon Centre looks after your personal information, and what we do with it. When you provide your contact details (personal identifiable information) to the Grassic Gibbon Centre, it will be treated as laid out in this policy. The policy reflects current UK Data Protection legislation and the additional regulations (General Data Protection Regulation – GDPR) which will came into force on the 25th May 2018.
The GDPR applies to ‘personal data’ meaning any information relating to an identifiable person who can be directly or indirectly identified in particular by reference to an identifier.
This definition provides for a wide range of personal identifiers to constitute personal data, including name, identification number, location data or online identifier, reflecting changes in technology and the way organisations collect information about people.
The GDPR applies to both automated personal data and to manual filing systems where personal data are accessible according to specific criteria. This could include chronologically ordered sets of manual records containing personal data.
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you:
Become a Friend of the Grassic Gibbon Centre
Buy event tickets
Purchase items from the Centre
Book any of the Centre facilities
Are an employee/director
This information will usually consist of name, email, postal address, telephone numbers.
What do we use your information for?
Any information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To send Friends of Grassic Gibbon Centre renewal notifications
To share information related to the activities of the Grassic Gibbon Centre & Arbuthnott Hall for example musical events, cultural events, advent sales etc.
Dispatch event tickets
Dispatch purchases
Payroll
How do we protect your information?
Contact details are kept securely on the Manager’s database on his/her computer which is backed up locally.
Limited access is required by other members of the Directors & Centre Staff.
How long do we store information?
We will only use and store information for so long as it is required for the purposes for which it was collected.
We will review what information we hold at regular intervals and delete what is no longer required for example if a Friend of the Grassic Gibbon Centre leaves the Centre or a person requests that their information to be removed from the database.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not disclose any personal identifiable information to outside parties. We will never sell your data.
Your consent
By filling in our Contact Form either in person or from the website home page, you consent to this privacy policy.
Contacting us
If there are any questions relating to this policy, you can email the Grassic Gibbon Centre –  lgginfo@grassicgibbon.com