https://www.fodera.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Fodera Privacy Policy
Last Updated on May 25, 2018. This privacy policy is effective immediately.
Introduction
At Fodera, we respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy.
This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit this website (our “Website”) and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting and disclosing that information.
This policy applies to information we collect:
On this Website.
In e-mail, text and other electronic messages between you and this Website.
Through mobile and desktop applications you download from this Website, which provide dedicated non-browser-based interaction between you and this Website.
When you interact with our advertising and applications on third-party websites and services, if those applications or advertising include links to this policy.
It does not apply to information collected by:
us offline or through any other means, including on any other website operated by Company or any third party (including our affiliates and subsidiaries); or
any third party (including our affiliates and subsidiaries), including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on the Website.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website. By accessing or using this Website, you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time. Your continued use of this Website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
Children Under the Age of 13
Our Website is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any personal information to or on the Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on this Website or on or through any of its features/register on the Website, make any purchases through the Website, use any of the interactive or public comment features of this Website or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us via our contact us link.
Information You Provide to Us
The information we collect on or through our Website may include:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our Website, subscribing to our service, posting material or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with our Website.
Records and copies of your correspondence (including e-mail addresses), if you contact us.
Your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes.
Details of transactions you carry out through our Website and of the fulfillment of your orders. You may be required to provide financial information before placing an order through our Website.
Your search queries on the Website.
You also may provide information to be published or displayed (hereinafter, “posted”) on public areas of the Website, or transmitted to other users of the Website or third parties (collectively, “User Contributions”). Your User Contributions are posted on and transmitted to others at your own risk. Although we limit access to certain pages/you may set certain privacy settings for such information by logging into your account profile, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. Additionally, we cannot control the actions of other users of the Website with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your User Contributions will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.
Information We Collect
A. Personally Identifiable Information
When using our website, Fodera Guitar Partners LLC may collect information you voluntarily share with us, including any content, record, or electronic communication of any kind, including without limitation your (1) contact information, including name, address, phone number, and email address; (2) financial information related to payment, including name, email address, billing address, credit card information, telephone number and other information necessary to open your account and complete a transaction or purchase, record of products or services purchased, and the date the transaction occurred; (3) demographic information, including gender, age, birthdate (4) product and service preferences; and (5) online user account information, including username, and password. Our collection and use of all of the foregoing information is subject to applicable laws and the terms of this Privacy Policy.
You are not required to provide personally identifiable information in order to visit our website. You must, however, register and provide personally identifiable information in order to receive Fodera Guitar Partners LLC communications, and to enter contests and other promotions.
Fodera Guitar Partners LLC may use content you provide us through emails, responses to polls, contests or sweepstakes or any other promotional activity. Please be advised that your submissions become the property of Fodera Guitar Partners LLC and may be used by Fodera Guitar Partners LLC for marketing emails, targeted advertising on social media, or internal user analysis. You grant Fodera Guitar Partners LLC permission to use the content of your submission in marketing whether now known or invented in the future, with or without attribution, including publication online, trade media, and advertising into perpetuity without limitation. You agree that any content you send us will not violate any rights of any third-party and that you will only send us content for which you own the rights.
B. Non-Personally Identifiable Information
Fodera Guitar Partners LLC also collects other information that is not personally identifiable to you, but results solely from your visit to Fodera Guitar Partners LLC. We use cookies which are placed on your computer when you access Fodera Guitar Partners LLC Properties
We also may use these technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or other online services (behavioral tracking). The information we collect automatically is statistical data and does not include personal information, but we may maintain it or associate it with personal information we collect in other ways or receive from third parties. It helps us to improve our Website and to deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to:
Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.
Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Website according to your individual interests.
Speed up your searches.
Recognize you when you return to our Website.
The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:
Email. You will receive email from Fodera Guitar Partners LLC for marketing. We respect your desire to manage email correspondence. You may unsubscribe from our email list at any time via links embedded in the footer of each email you receive from Fodera Guitar Partners LLC. However, note that even if you unsubscribe from certain email correspondences, we may still need to email you important transactional or administrative information.
Cookies (or browser cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website.
Flash Cookies. Certain features of our Website may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from and on our Website. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies.
Web Beacons. Pages of our the Website may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs. pixel tags and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an e-mail and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
We do not collect personal Information automatically, but we may tie this information to personal information about you that we collect from other sources or you provide to us.
Third-party Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies.
Some content or applications, including advertisements, on the Website are served by third-parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers and application providers. These third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use our website. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.
We do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly.
How We Use Your Information
Fodera Guitar Partners LLC does not sell, rent or loan any of your personally identifiable information to any third party. Fodera Guitar Partners LLC may, however, use and share information with third-party suppliers specifically involved in the processing of your information received via Fodera Guitar Partners LLC Properties.
Fodera Guitar Partners LLC will use your personally identifiable information only for the purpose of communicating to you as set forth in this Privacy Policy and any other purpose for which you disclose it to us. If you wish for us to cease use of your personally identifiable information in any way, you may contact us at any time as set forth below. We will contact you in writing via email prior to using your information for any reason other than for the reason you disclosed it to us.
With respect to purchases on Fodera Guitar Partners LLC, we do not collect or store your full credit card information. Our credit card processing service provider will collect full payment card information from you to pay for your purchases from Fodera Guitar Partners LLC Properties.
In addition, Fodera Guitar Partners LLC may use and share aggregated information that does not uniquely identify you when it enables Fodera Guitar Partners LLC to improve and enrich our products and services.
When you provide public information without identifying yourself, we will protect your personal identity in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We may also disclose your personal information:
To comply with any court order, law or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
To enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of the Company, our customers or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Choice / Opt-Out
Fodera Guitar Partners LLC will only email you if you opt-in to receive commercial emails regarding Fodera Guitar Partners LLC products, services, promotions and events. If you receive Fodera Guitar Partners LLC commercial emails and would like to stop receiving commercial emails in the future, you may opt-out of receiving it by clicking on the opt-out area within that email. Fodera Guitar Partners LLC will only communicate with you according to your instructions.
Upon your request, we will
(a) correct or update your personal information;
(b) stop sending emails to your email address; and/or
(c) disable your account to prevent any future updates or purchases through that account.
You can make these requests by calling 718-832-3455 or emailing your request to info@fodera.com
Security
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration and disclosure.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Website. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.
Access To Your Personal Information
If you wish to have access to your personally identifiable information, please contact us with your request at the address below. You may also request that Fodera Guitar Partners LLC update your personal information or correct any factual errors that you believe may exist regarding this information. In the event of a change in control of Fodera Guitar Partners LLC or sale by Fodera Guitar Partners LLC of substantially all of its assets, any information owned by or in the control of Fodera Guitar Partners LLC may be transferred to such Fodera Guitar Partners LLC successor, who will comply with the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
Tracking Technologies and Advertising. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. To learn how you can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe’s website. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
We do not control third parties’ collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. You can opt out of receiving targeted ads from members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) on the NAI’s website.
Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits users of our Website that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact us via the Contact Us link.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users’ personal information, we will notify you by e-mail to the e-mail address specified in your account and/or through a notice on the Website home page. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable e-mail address for you, and for periodically visiting our Website and this privacy policy to check for any changes.
Contact Information
To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact via our Contact Us link.
Thank You for Visiting the Website.