http://www.mmdg.org/privacy
Skip to Main Content
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting the Mark Morris Dance Group (MMDG) website. This website is designed to provide information on MMDG. MMDG recognizes that visitors to this website are concerned about their privacy. MMDG is committed to preserving your privacy when visiting this website. This privacy policy describes MMDG privacy practices regarding the collection, use and disclosure of certain information relating to you and your use of the Site. This policy describes what data, if any, is collected and how that information is used. Your use of this site signifies your understanding and acceptance of the terms of this Privacy Policy. MMDG may, at its sole discretion, change modify, add, or delete portions of this policy. Because this privacy policy only applies to this website, you should examine the privacy policy of any website you access through a link from the MMDG website.
For purposes of this policy, “personal information” means any information concerning a natural person, as opposed for instance to a corporate entity, which, because of name, number, symbol, mark, or other identifier, can be used to identify that natural person. MMDG only collects personal information about you when you provide that information voluntarily by sending an e-mail or by initiating an online transaction, such as a survey, registration or order form.
Information Collected Automatically When You Visit this Website
When visiting this website MMDG automatically collects and stores the following information about your visit:
1. The Internet Protocol address and domain name of your Internet service provider. The Internet Protocol address is a numerical identifier assigned either to your Internet service provider or directly to your computer, which can be used to direct internet traffic to you;
2. The type of browser and operating system you used;
3. The date and time you visited this site;
4. The web pages or services you accessed at this site;
5. The URL or web site address of the web site you visited prior to coming to this website and from which any web page on this site was linked; and
6. If you downloaded a form, the form that was downloaded.
None of the foregoing information is deemed to constitute personal information.
This information that is collected automatically is used to improve this website’s content and to help MMDG understand how people are using this website. This information is collected for statistical analysis, to determine what information is of most and of least interest to our visitors, and to identify system performance or problem areas. The information is not collected for commercial marketing purposes and MMDG does not sell or distribute the information collected from the website for commercial marketing purposes.
Donations, Class Registration and Store
Our online store is secured with 128-bit Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology. You can feel safe when making a donation or purchase on our website. Our secure server ensures that any sensitive credit card information that you may transmit to us remains safe and confidential.
Cookies
Cookies are simple text files stored on your web browser to provide a means of distinguishing among users of this website. The use of cookies is a standard practice among Internet websites. In order to better serve you, we may use “temporary” cookies to enhance, customize or enable your visit to this web site. Temporary cookies do not contain personal information and do not compromise your privacy or security and are erased during the operation of your browser or when your browser is closed.
During your visit to this website, you may complete a registration form in order to personalize your use of the website. In such an event, we may deliver a “persistent” cookie which would be stored on your computer’s hard drive. This persistent cookie will allow the website to recognize you when you visit again and tailor the information presented to you based on your needs and interests. MMDG uses persistent cookies only with your permission. The software you use to access the website allows you to refuse new cookies or delete existing cookies. Refusing or deleting these cookies may limit your ability to take advantage of some of the features of this website.
Information collected when you email this website or initiate an online transaction through this website:
If during your visit to this website you send an e-mail to MMDG, your e-mail address and the contents of your e-mail will be collected. The information collected is not limited to text characters and may include audio, video, and graphic information formats you send us. The information is retained in accordance with the public record retention policies and procedures. Your e-mail address and the information contained in your email will be used to respond to you, to address issues you identify, to further improve this website, or to forward your e-mail to another agency for appropriate action. Your e-mail address is not collected for commercial marketing purposes and MMDG does not sell or distribute your e-mail address for any purposes.
During your visit to this website you may initiate a transaction such as a survey, registration or order form. The information, including personal information, volunteered by you in initiating the transaction is used by MMDG to operate MMDG programs, which include the provision of goods, services and information. The information collected by MMDG may be disclosed by MMDG for those purposes that may be reasonably ascertained from the nature and terms of the transaction in connection with which the information was submitted by you.
MMDG does not knowingly collect personal information from children or create profiles of children through this website. People are cautioned that the collection of personal information provided by any individual in an e-mail or through an online transaction will be treated the same as information given by an adult, and may, unless exempted from access by federal or State law, be subject to public access. MMDG encourages parents and teachers to be involved in children’s Internet activities and to provide guidance whenever children are asked to provide personal information on-line.
Information and Choice
As noted above, MMDG does not collect any personal information about you during your visit to this website, unless you provide that information voluntarily by sending an e-mail or initiating an online transaction such as a survey, registration, or order form. You may choose not to send us an e-mail, respond to a survey or complete an order form. While your choice not to participate in these activities may limit your ability to receive specific services or products through this website, it will not prevent you from requesting services or products from MMDG by other means, and will not normally have an impact on your ability to take advantage of other features of the website, including browsing or downloading most publicly available information.
Disclosure of Information Collected Through This Website
MMDG will only collect personal information through this website, or disclose such personal information, if the user has consented to the collection and disclosure of such personal information. The voluntary disclosure of personal information to MMDG by the user, whether solicited or unsolicited, constitutes consent to the collection and disclosure of the information by MMDG for the purposes for which the user disclosed the information to MMDG, as was reasonably ascertainable from the nature and terms of the disclosure.
However, MMDG may collect or disclose personal information without user consent if the collection or disclosure is: (1) necessary to perform the statutory duties of MMDG, or necessary for MMDG to operate a program authorized by law, or authorized by state or federal statute or regulation; (2) made pursuant to a court order or by law; (3) for the purpose of validating the identity of the user; or (4) of information to be used solely for statistical purposes that is in a form that cannot be used to identify any particular person. Additionally, MMDG may disclose personal information to federal or state law enforcement authorities to enforce its rights against unauthorized access or attempted unauthorized access to MMDG’s information technology assets and any other inappropriate use of its website.
Retention of Information Collected Through this Website
The information collected through this website is retained by MMDG in accordance with the records retention and disposition requirements. In general, the Internet services logs of MMDG, comprising electronic files or automated logs created to monitor access are retained for one year and then destroyed. Information, including personal information that you submit in an e-mail or when you initiate an online transaction such as a survey, registration form, or order form is retained in accordance with the records retention and disposition schedule established for the records of the program unit to which you submitted the information. Information concerning these record retention and disposition schedules may be obtained through the Internet privacy policy contact listed in this policy.
Confidentiality and Integrity of Personal Information Collected
Through this Website MMDG limits employee access to personal information collected through this website to only those employees who need access to the information in the performance of their official duties. Employees who have access to this information are required to follow appropriate procedures in connection with any disclosures of personal information. In addition, MMDG may implement procedures to safeguard the integrity of its information technology assets, including, but not limited to, authentication, monitoring, auditing and encryption. These security measures have been integrated into the design, implementation, and day-to-day operations of this website as part of our continuing commitment to the security of electronic content as well as the electronic transmission of information.
NOTE: The information contained in this policy should not be construed in any way as giving business, legal, or other advice, or warranting as fail-proof, the security of information provided via this website. For site security purposes and to ensure that this website remains available to all users, MMDG may employ software to monitor traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information or otherwise cause damage to this website.
Links Disclaimer
In order to provide visitors with certain information, this website may provide links to local, state and federal government agencies, and websites of other organizations. A link does not constitute an endorsement of the content, viewpoint, accuracy, opinions, policies, products, services, or accessibility of that website. Once you link to another website from this website, you are subject to the terms and conditions of that website, including, but not limited to, its privacy policy.
Information Disclaimer
Information provided on this website is intended to allow the public immediate access to public information. While all attempts are made to provide accurate, current, and reliable information, MMDG recognizes the possibility of human and/or mechanical error. Therefore, MMDG and its members, and their respective employees, officers and agents, make no representations as to the accuracy, completeness, currency, or suitability of the information provided by this website, and deny any expressed or implied warranty as to the same.
Contact Information
For questions regarding this Privacy Policy please email MMDG at info@mmdg.org.
The mission of the Mark Morris Dance Group is to develop, promote, and sustain dance, music, and opera productions by Mark Morris and to serve as a cultural resource to engage and enrich the community.
Dance Group
Overview
Mark Morris
Works
Performances
About
Press
Community Engagement On Tour
Dance Center
Overview
About the Dance Center
Space Rental
Wellness Center
Visiting the Dance Center
Family Classes
More
Calendar
Community
Support
Careers
Connect
MMDG is a member of Dance/USA and the Downtown Brooklyn Arts Alliance.
© 2020 Mark Morris Dance Group - All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy