http://www.goucher.edu/about-this-website/privacy-policy/index.html
Privacy Policy | Goucher College
Visit
Apply
Give
Search Goucher.edu
Search Goucher.edu
Become A Student
Apply
Visit
Paying for Goucher
Transfer Students
International Students
Admitted Students
New Students
Graduate Programs
Learn Everywhere
The Commons Curriculum
Undergraduate Programs
Study Abroad
The Exploration Hub
Academic Support & Resources
Academic Centers
Graduate & Professional Programs
Experience Goucher
Where You Live
Who You'll Meet
Where You Eat
Living Well
What's Going On
Getting Involved
Athletics
Equity & Identity
Explore Goucher
Who We Are
Facts & Stats
Why Goucher?
Location
Facilities
Leadership & Vision
Notable People of Goucher
Prepare for Life
Career Explorer
Success Stories
Recent Employers
Graduate Schools
Career Education
Internships
Accolades
Prospective Students
Current Students
Athletes
Graduate Students
Parents & Families
Faculty & Staff
Alumnae/i
Home
Home
About This Website
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This policy explains what types of personal information will be gathered when you
visit the Goucher College website, and how this information will be used.
Some of the college’s departments and centers have more detailed privacy policies
or provide additional information relating to their activities, which will supersede
or supplement this Privacy Policy. See:
Admissions
Advancement
Institutional Effectiveness
Information collected
On some parts of the website you may encounter forms that ask you to provide personal
information in order to enable the provision of certain services. For example, you
may provide information to complete an application for admission or a credit card
transaction; to complete a donation form or a request for information form; or to
request a Goucher publication. You may provide a name, email address, residential
address, phone number and other personal data.
By supplying this information you are consenting to the college holding and using
it for the purposes for which it was provided. Information provided will be kept for
as long as is necessary to fulfil that purpose.
How the information collected is used
Personal information that you provide to the college will only be used for the purposes
stated when the information is requested.
We may reveal personally identifiable information about you to unaffiliated third
parties:
if you request or authorize it;
if the information is provided to help complete a transaction for you, such as enabling
you to complete a donation to the college;
if the information is provided to comply with the law;
If the information is necessary to protect your health and safety or the health and
safety of others;
if the information is provided to our vendors or service providers to perform functions
on our behalf (e.g., analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, providing customer
service, processing orders, etc.); or
as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy.
Personal information will not be sold to third parties, or provided to direct marketing
companies or other such organizations without your permission.
We may share information that does not personally identify you without restriction.
How we store information collected
Information that you provide to us will ordinarily be stored on our secure servers.
However, we do work with third party contractors, some of whom host and operate certain
features of the website. Accordingly, information that we collect from you may be
maintained onsite or offsite “in the cloud.” That information may be processed by
staff who work for us or for one of our contractors. By submitting personal information,
you agree to this transfer, storing and processing. We will take all steps reasonably
necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this
Privacy Policy.
How we use "cookies"
Most of our web pages use "cookies". A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers
that we place on your computer or mobile device. These cookies allow us to distinguish
you from other users of our website, which helps us to provide you with a good experience
when you browse our website and also allow us to improve our website.
For more detailed information on the cookies we use on the College’s main web pages
and the purposes for which we use them, please see our Cookie Statement.
Access to information
You may have the right to access information held about you. In addition, if you reside
in the European Union you may have other rights granted by the GDPR. These include,
but are not limited to, the rights of access to your data; the right to receive your
data in portable form; erasure of data; and correction of data. For details see: https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection_en
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Any changes we may make to our Privacy Policy in the future will be posted on this
page and, where appropriate, notified to you by email.
Contact
If you wish to have your information removed from our records, please use this form
to opt out.
Any queries or concerns about privacy on this website should be sent to webmaster@goucher.edu.
View Navigation
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Admissions Privacy Notice
Advancement Privacy Statement
Institutional Effectiveness Privacy Notice
Accessibility Services
Talk to Us
Considering Goucher? Tell us your interests, and we’ll share information relevant to you.
Talk to Us
Apply to Goucher College
Do you want a close-knit community where you will be able to excel as a student and grow as a person? Goucher College might be just the place for you.
Apply Today!
Follow us on Instagram
Apply Now
Visit Campus
Request Info
Give to Goucher
News
Events
Graduate Programs
Athletics
Employment
Library
Offices & Centers
Directory
1021 Dulaney Valley Road, Baltimore, MD 21204
410.337.6000  |  admissions@goucher.edu
Contact & Directions  |  Emergency Info
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
Snapchat
Flickr
LinkedIn
Copyright © 2020 Goucher College
Privacy Policy  |  Accessibility  |  About this Website
COVID-19 INFORMATION: Goucher College is dedicated to in-person learning; however,
during this unprecedented time, COVID-19 has forced Goucher to move to a
distance-learning model as mandated by governmental and public health
authorities. This means that many campus facilities and programs may be
temporarily closed and/or limited to accommodate such a model.
The
college is committed to our students’ learning and well-being, and is doing
everything it can to
foster meaningful interactions between and among
students, faculty, staff and the broader community, while having to maintain physical
distancing requirements. More information can be found here.
©