https://www.processarts.com/terms-and-conditions/
Home
Who We Are
Facilitators and Staff
Board of Directors
Our Mission
The Process
What Is Process Painting?
Testimonials
Videos
Life, Paint & Passion
After Your Workshop
Setting Up at Home
Process Painting FAQs
Programs
All Programs
Workshops & Retreats
Online Programs
Online Painting
Online Painting Classes
Online Painting Workshops
Online Courses
The Practice of Process Arts
Process Circles
Personal Mentoring
Continuing Education
Registration FAQs
Resources
Podcasts
Blog
Gallery
Quotes & Poetry
Donate
Contact
Leave A Message For Us
Subscribe Now
Share Your Experience!
Store
Paints
Programs
Supplies
Make a Payment
Cart
Checkout
Terms and Conditions
The following information will help you use and understand our programs and this website.
Conditions of Attendance
Privacy Policy
Cancellation Policy
Social Media Guidelines
Trademark Notice
Contact Us
Conditions of Attendance
Assumption of Risk
When you register for a program with The Painting Experience, you agree to participate in an activity that may include physical, emotional, and psychological activity. Such activities always involve a certain amount of risk. In a group setting, the facilitator cannot always monitor your physical, emotional, and psychological limits, and your registration demonstrates your consent to take responsibility for assessing the risk any activity poses to you, and choosing a safe course of action for yourself.
By your registration, you affirm that you assume the risk and responsibility for any injuries or damages suffered by you arising out of your participation in a Painting Experience workshop.
Use of Your Likeness or Images
Photographs of you. While you are attending a program with The Painting Experience, you may notice the facilitator or a staff member taking photographs of program participants. Some of these photographs may be used by the Painting Experience for promotional, educational, or informational purposes and may appear in the following places:
our private database of workshop participants
our website
our social media feeds
electronic newsletters, or
other electronic or printed communications.
By participating in a Painting Experience event, you agree that The Painting Experience may take photographs that include your likeness and that such photographs may be used by the Painting Experience for the purposes listed in this section, without compensation to you of any kind.
Photographs of your paintings. When you attend a Painting Experience program, the facilitator or a staff member may take photographs of your paintings. Some of these photographs may be used for the purposes and in the locations listed in the section above, without attribution and without compensation to you of any kind.
Photographing your paintings does not imply a judgment on their value, good or bad. We have simply found that people are more inspired to participate in the painting process when they see a variety of images from the studio. If you are not comfortable having your paintings photographed and shared, please feel free to:
Inform the program facilitator that you don’t want your paintings to be photographed.
Ask us to remove an image of your painting that appears on our website or in a social media feed over which we have control.
Audio or video recordings of you. The Painting Experience sometimes uses audio or video recording devices to document program sessions for its own educational or promotional use. While your voice may be audible on an audio or video recording made public by The Painting Experience, we will not make public any audio or video recording in which you are personally identifiable without first obtaining your permission. Offering recordings of classes, workshops or webinars to those who were in attendance is not considered a public use for the purposes of these terms and conditions. If there is an interaction during the session that you'd prefer not be be recorded, please let the host know and the recording will be paused ahead of time or later removed.
Your Own Photography and Recording Devices in the Studio
If you wish to photograph your own paintings during a Painting Experience program, you are welcome to do so. We prefer that you photograph your paintings during scheduled breaks between workshop sessions. Please do not photograph other participants’ paintings.
Personal audio or video recording devices are not allowed during any program offered by The Painting Experience, unless we have granted permission prior to the start of the program.
Uncensored Visual Expression
In our workshops. When you participate in a program with The Painting Experience, we will not censor your painting process. Each participant has full permission to paint whatever images naturally arise for them. That means you may see images that contain nudity, sexuality, or violence. You are just as likely to see flowers, hearts, animals, and polka dots. It’s all allowed. For this reason, our programs may not be suitable for children or for others who may be sensitive to particular kinds of visual imagery. Please assess your own needs in this regard and contact us if you have questions before registering for a program.
On our website. We endeavor to use a PG-13 standard for our website -- that is, to keep it suitable for everyone but young children. That said, you may from time to time find an image on the website that contains non-obscene nudity or some content that refers to sexuality in general terms -- for instance, an article mentioning that sexual images may arise during the painting process.
Privacy Policy
We have adopted a comprehensive privacy policy that governs how we use, share, and protect your information. See Privacy Policy.
Cancellation Policy
For information about cancelling your registration, as well as other details about workshop signups, see our Registration FAQs.
Social Media Guidelines
We love connecting with you on social media. We encourage you to read, share, follow us, and contribute to discussions on Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, Instagram, and other social media sites. The following disclaimer applies to all posts on our social media platforms.
We’re under no obligation to screen or monitor your posts. However, we do make a reasonable effort to monitor participation to ensure that discussions stay on topic, are courteous, and remain free of offensive comments. Your posts may not:
contain any materials -- such as photographs, artworks, or writing -- that violate a third-party’s copyright or  other intellectual property rights
contain sexually explicit, graphic, gratuitous or unnecessarily violent content or defamatory or derogatory content against any ethnic, racial, gender, religious, sexual orientation, professional, or age group, or contain any pornographic material
contain any private information about another individual
contain any software viruses or any other computer code, files, or programs designed to interrupt, destroy, or limit the functionality of any computer software, hardware, or telecommunications equipment
contain any advertising, promotional materials, junk mail, spam, chain letters, pyramid schemes, or
promote illegal activity or illegal contests, sweepstakes, or gambling, including any online casino, sports books, bingo, poker, or any other form of solicitation.
We reserve the right to edit comments for content, remove off-topic contributions, delete offensive comments or remarks, block offensive contributors and delete actual or suspected spam content from any social media site. In keeping with the spirit of The Painting Experience, we may delete comments that make value judgments on images of process paintings posted to our social media feeds. In addition, we will delete all comments or posts intended to promote product-based artworks, sales, shows, galleries, contests, and similar product-based painting ventures.
Please be aware that once you post something online, anyone may read your words, even years from now. We encourage you to exercise caution when posting on any social media sites and to refrain from disclosing personally identifiable information, such as your location or other sensitive information. We are not responsible for the content of any comments or responses posted by others to any website or social media site managed or monitored by The Painting Experience. We do not control the placement of any marketing or advertising displayed on our pages by social media or third party organizations. The inclusion of links to other websites does not imply any endorsement of the material on the websites.
We reserve the right to respond to any post or comment and may occasionally privately request your contact information to assist you offline with your consent.
Trademark
The Painting Experience ® is a registered trademark (Federal Registration #4812140) of The Institute For Art and Living, a 501(c)3 California nonprofit arts educational organization. This trademark is categorized under education services, namely, providing live and online workshops, retreats, classes, online courses and mentoring in the fields of painting, process painting, and intuitive painting.
Contact Us
You can opt out of receiving communications from us or get in touch with us about any other concerns you may have about this website.
The Painting Experience
P.O. Box 309
Fairfax, California 94978
415-488-6880
office@processarts.com
These Terms and Conditions were last updated on May 18, 2017.
We’ve updated our privacy policy to address some new privacy laws in Europe. Click Accept to let us know you’re okay with the updates.Accept Reject Read Privacy PolicyPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled