https://www.twilightlexicon.com/administration/privacy-policy/
Twilight LexiconA Twilight Saga FansiteFollow Us!
Home
Bios Timeline & More
Character Bios
Timeline
Places
Cars
Clothing
Vampire Mythology
Werewolf Mythology
Chats with Stephenie
Twilight Chapter Summaries
Twilight Movies
The Movies: Dates, Interviews, Red Carpet Coverage
Costumes and Props
Movie News Links
About Us
Contact Us
Site History & FAQ
Staff
Site Info
Twilight Links
Linking to Us
Privacy Policy
Lexicon Forum
You are here: Home / Site Info / Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy for Twilightlexicon.com, Twilightlexiconforum.com and twilightlexicon.com
The privacy of our visitors to Twilightlexicon.com, Twilightlexiconforum.com and twilightlexicon.com is important to us.
At Twilightlexicon.com, Twilightlexiconforum.com and twilightlexicon.com, we recognize that privacy of your personal information is
important. Here is information on what types of personal information we receive
and collect when you use visit Twilightlexicon.com, Twilightlexiconforum.com and twilightlexicon.com, and how we safeguard your
information.  We never sell your personal information to third parties.
Log FilesAs with most other websites, we collect and use the data
contained in log files.  The information in the log files include  your IP
(internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider, such as AOL or
Shaw Cable), the browser you used to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer
or Firefox), the time you visited our site and which pages you visited
throughout our site.
Cookies and Web BeaconsWe do use cookies to store information, such as
your personal preferences when you visit our site.  This could include only
showing you a popup once in your visit, or the ability to login to some of our
features, such as comments.
We also use third party advertisements on Twilightlexicon.com, Twilightlexiconforum.com and twilightlexicon.com to support our site.  Some
of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when
they advertise on our site, which will also send these advertisers (such as
Google through the Google AdSense program) information including your IP
address, your ISP , the browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases,
whether you have Flash installed.  This is generally used for geotargeting
purposes (showing New York real estate ads to someone in New York, for example)
or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited (such as showing cooking
ads to someone who frequents cooking sites).
You can chose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party
cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in programs such as
Norton Internet Security.  However, this can affect how you are able to interact
with our site as well as other websites.  This could include the inability to
login to services or programs, such as logging into accounts.
NAI Opt Out of Behavioral Advertising
The NAI Opt-out Tool was developed in conjunction with our members for the express purpose of allowing consumers to “opt out” of the behavioral advertising delivered by our member companies. Please click here for further information: NAI Opt Out of Behavioral Advertising
COPPA COMPLIANCE:
Children
We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13 and feel strongly about protecting the rights and privacy of children. As such, we do not collect or use any personal information from children we know to be under the age of 13, and will remove personally identifying information about such minors from our system. We are compliant with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) of 1998. See this page for more information: http://www.ftc.gov/bcp/conline/pubs/buspubs/coppa.htm
Share this:FacebookTwitterPinterestMoreEmailPrintReturn to top of pageCopyright © 2020 Twilight Lexicon · Design by JBG · WordPress · Log in
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Cancel
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.