http://www.kser.org/content/privacy-policy
Home › Support ›
Privacy Policy
KSER Foundation Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting the KSER Foundation website and reviewing our privacy policy.
As a matter of policy the KSER Foundation, owner and operator of 90.7fm KSER, uses the Privacy Act of 1974 as a guide in providing services to the public. KSER adheres to the AFP Donor Bill of Rights in all of our relations with donors to KSER.
We will collect no personally identifying information about you when you visit our web site unless you choose to provide that information to us. The information we collect depends upon what you do when visiting our site. In order to participate in some activities, you might be asked to provide some personally identifiable information. This might be in connection with a contest registration, a class registration or volunteer application, a subscription to email newsletters, requests for membership information, fulfillment of membership and thank you gifts, gathering editorial comments and feedback, content submissions like comments and suggestions or votes, or online surveys. In the case of surveys, the information you provide would be used only in aggregate to describe our audience and to assist us in better serving you.
If you do not want personal information that you voluntarily supply used by us for these purposes, you may "opt out" by explicitly informing us. Please note, however, under certain circumstances, opting out may prevent your participation in activities for which personal information is needed, such as contests.
KSER Foundation may use your personal contact information for fundraising, marketing and promotional purposes for our station only.
If you identify yourself by submitting the Donate Now or other online form to make a gift to or a purchase from KSER:
You may choose to provide personal information to make an online gift to or make a purchase from KSER. This information may include your name, address, telephone number, email address and credit card number. All credit card donations are handled by our partner, Sage Nonprofit Solutions. Sage Nonprofit Solution’s privacy and security policy governs the handling of your personally identifiable information and credit/debit card information. KSER does not collect or store your credit or debit card number through our website. Credit or debit card numbers obtained during our pledge drives, mail solicitations, and other events are secured until processed, and then promptly shredded. We do not store your credit/debit card or bank account information once your donation has been processed.
KSER Foundation will not willfully disclose your personal information to any third party except those under contract with KSER to perform legitimate fundraising activities (e.g. our credit card processors, car donations program, online store vendor, and other approved fundraising organizations with whom KSER may partner.)
The KSER Foundation may use your contact information to advise you of other opportunities to support KSER. KSER will not share this information with any third parties except to process your gift. When you make your online gift or any time afterward, you may request that KSER refrain from contacting you in the future about support opportunities by checking the appropriate box on the Pledge form or e-mailing us at info@kser.org
Online Privacy  If you visit our site to browse, read, or download, we automatically collect and store only non-personally identifiable information about you, consisting only of: the IP address from which you access our Web site (an IP address is the number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web); the type of browser and operating system used to access our site; the date and time you access our site; the pages you visit; the Internet address of the web site from which you accessed our site.
The KSER website does not use “cookies” to track website visitors.  Cookies are small text files placed on your hard drive by a Web site when you visit. These files identify your computer and record your preferences and other non-personally identifiable data about your visit so that, when you return to the site, the site knows who you are and can personalize your visit.
At this time, we do not permit third-party advertisers on the KSER website. If in the future we permit third parties to advertise on our Site, advertisers that serve ads on our Site may also collect their own non-personally identifiable information about your computer, using “cookies”. Such outside cookies are governed by the privacy policies of the entities placing the ads, and are not subject to this Policy.
We use all of the information that we collect only to help us make our site more useful to visitors—-to learn about the number of visitors to our site and the types of technology our visitors use. We do not track or record information about individuals and their visits. We may compile and report aggregate statistics about our users — numbers, traffic patterns, and related site information — but these statistics will include no personally identifying information.
You should also know:
This site contains links to third-party web sites. KSER Foundation is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other web sites. For example, if you take advantage of services or products offered on one of these Web sites, the information you submit will be subject to its privacy policy, not this one. The privacy policies of third-party Web sites will differ from those of KSER. Therefore, we encourage you to review and understand their privacy policies before providing them with information.
By using this site, you signify your agreement to the terms and conditions of this KSER Foundation Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site.
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this policy at any time. Please check this page regularly for any changes. Your continued use of this or any other KSER Foundation website following the posting of any changes to these terms shall mean that you have accepted those changes.
If you identify yourself by sending an email:
You may choose to provide us with personal information in an e-mail message. We use that information only to respond to your message and to help us provide you with any material you have requested. Email sent to the webmaster may be edited and posted in our newsletter or online, but will not include your email address or your last name. You may request that we not post any portion of any email you send.
List Exchange Policy Long-term support from our individual members is critical to fulfilling the KSER Foundation's mission of service to the community. Maintaining and preserving a strong, trusting relationship with our members is key to this vital source of support.
Finding more individuals to join in supporting our services is also vital to the long-term success of our organization. Individuals who have contributed to organizations similar to ours are among the most likely to also be loyal supporters of the KSER Foundation. Access to lists of donors to these community organizations is also a vital element of our efforts to raise the money needed to provide our services.
Balancing the needs and desires of our contributors along with meeting the need for efficient and effective fundraising practices are the principles that serve as the underpinning of our list exchange policy. The purpose of this policy is to ensure that we conduct our fundraising in compliance with nationally established guidelines while ensuring that our member's trust and faith in us is well placed and deserved.
KSER Foundation will, on occasion, rent membership lists from other well-established charitable, cultural non-profit, or other organizations. We will not rent member's names from any candidate for public office, committees or organizations supporting a candidate, political parties, or organizations that solicit funds for use in political campaigns for any purpose. We believe that the opportunities for increased financial support and the cost reductions resulting from list exchanges conducted within the guidelines of this policy will help us deliver more and higher quality mission-related services to the public.
KSER does not rent or share our member list with any outside organizations or groups. Member information is kept strictly confidential. By station policy and by federal law, KSER will never trade its list with any partisan group, political party, or party committee, even if it is non-profit.
In acquiring lists, the following principles will always apply:
We will maintain complete and accurate records of the origins of membership and potential donor lists for at least such time as required by law.
We may enter into agreements with outside companies in fulfillment of member premiums or an "affinity" program, such as a member-card. We will only enter into an "affinity" program that would offer our members a quality product at or below market price.
We will not rent lists from any organization if we believe doing so may endanger the trust between the KSER Foundation and its members.
We will comply with the laws and regulations of the Internal Revenue Service, the State of Washington, the United States Postal Service, and the Federal Communications Commission.
If you have questions regarding this policy, please contact us: info@kser.org or write us at 2623 Wetmore Ave. Everett, WA 98201 or by phone at 425-303-9070
31188 reads
Printer-friendly page
|
View RSS feeds |
Share with a friend |
Donate to support this service
Primary links
Home
AboutMission
History
FAQ
Hosts
Staff
Board
FCC Public Files
Advisory Board
Foundation
Contact Us
Employment
ScheduleNews Features
Music Highlights
Program Grid
Live Playlist
ProgramsNews & Public Affairs
Music Shows
Music Submissions
New Music Lists
ArchivesNow Playing
Search Playlists
Search Audio
My Story - SnoCo
Hear It Now
Radio Replayer
CommunityEvents
Live Music
Classes
PSAs & Interviews
Resources
SupportIndividual
Business
Underwriting
Business Believers
Donors
Privacy Policy
Copyright Policy
Store
Now Playing
The Thom Hartmann Show - by: KSER 90.7fm   LIVE PLAYLIST
SCHEDULEToday on KSER0:30 am UnderCurrents - Nighttime5:00 am Democracy Now!8:00 am Thom Hartmann (Repeat)9:00 am UnderCurrents - Daytime3:00 pm Thom Hartmann4:00 pm Sound Living - Healthy Edition5:00 pm Democracy Now! (Repeat)6:00 pm Counterspin6:30 pm Between The Lines7:00 pm Soul and Blues Kitchen Weekly Schedule
User login
Username: *
Password: *
Request new password
Navigation
Audio
Browse by...
Latest images
Recent posts
Community Events
As heard on "Your Weekend"
Sign Up for KSER
News
For Email Marketing you can trust.
Partner Links
Adams & Duncan, LawyersDemocracy Now!Edmonds Center For The ArtsEverett Public Library SystemEverettRock.comFlashpointsThom HartmannHawaii Public RadioPaul InglesLeague of Women Voters Sno. Co.Tim Noah Thumbnail TheaterNobex RadioNorthshore Performing Arts CenterNW Center for Optimal HealthTravel with Rick StevesUnderCurrents PlaylistsVillage Theatre
Follow us:
Ways to listen
iPhone | Android
Amazon Echo? "Alexa, play KSER"Google Home? "Ok Google, play KSER"
We're collecting new and slightly used toys for kids in need. Drop a toy at the Everett Salvation Army, 2525 Rucker Ave, by Mon. Dec. 21. Thank you! Click for more info...
Underwrite Us!
Become a KSER underwriter! Call Tom Clendening: 425-303-9070.
Hiring Chief Engineer
KSER is seeking a Chief Engineer. Click to learn more and apply.
Click to donate your vehicle! Learn more...
See list...
Ways to Give!
Now you can designate your reward points to KSER! Click to learn more.
Join our Board!
Learrn more....
90.7 KSER  2623 Wetmore Ave,  Everett, WA 98201-2926
DJ/Request Line: 425-303-9076
Office/Studio: 425-303-9070
Other Contact Info