https://www.hartfordstage.org/about-us/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Hartford Stage
News & Media
Cart
My Account
Sign Up For Email
Donate Now!
Buy Tickets
MENUMENUSee a Show
The 2019/2020 SeasonQuixote Nuevo
September 19 – October 13, 2019
Cry it Out
October 24 – November 17, 2019
A Christmas Carol
November 29 – December 28, 2019
Pike St.
January 9 – February 2, 2020
Jane Eyre
February 13 – March 8, 2020
The King’s Speech
Cancelled
Ah, Wilderness!
Rescheduled: October 22-November 15, 2020
The Complete History of Comedy (Abridged)
Rescheduled: October 1-11, 2020
TicketsBuy Tickets
Buy a Gift Certificate
Single Ticket FAQ
Have questions about buying tickets or visiting Hartford Stage?
Bringing a Group
Information on group ticket purchases.
Ticket Donations
Request tickets for your fundraiser.
Discount Programs
Ticket discounts for: College students, youths, Blue Star military families and veterans, AARP members, Hartford residents, Playwrights Welcome Initiative.
SubscribeSubscribe Now
Get discounts, benefits and an enhanced experience.
StagePass
An unlimited season pass for patrons 21-35 years old.
Subscriber FAQ
Have questions about subscribing in general or your subscription in particular?
EZ Tix
Order your EZ Tix online.
Current Subscribers
All the information you need in one place.
Subscriber Ticket Exchange
Current subscribers can exchange tickets for a different performance here.
What’s On
Scene and Heard: LIVE!
Next Episode: Dec. 16, 5:00 PM
Future episodes (all at 5:00 PM):
December 16, 2020
January 20, 2021
February 17, 2021
March 17, 2021
April 21, 2021
May 19, 2021
June 16, 2021
Learn more...
RSVP FOR THE NEXT EVENT!
Don't miss Scene and Heard: LIVE!
Get email notifications
Fall/Winter EventsA Community Carol
December 17, 2020 | 7:30 PM
On a quiet winter’s night, the cast of Hartford Stage’s annual A Christmas Carol has Zoomed together to read the famous story in honor of what would have been the 23rd season. But, as the spine of the book cracks open, the cold wind sweeps in, the lights flicker, the Wi-Fi is unstable and the spirits that haunt its pages guide us on a journey through a story we thought we knew so well. Learn more...
New Works Festival
Dates TBD
Coronavirus cannot stop the creative process and Hartford Stage will continue its history of developing new work with a New Works Festival. 3 plays over 3 weeks will be workshopped and with a Festival Pass patrons will receive access to all 3 final presentations. Learn more...
Special EventsUn Villancico Navideño en Español
Este es un evento gratis en el cual estaremos leyendo secciones de: A Christmas Carol
Domingo 20 de diciembre a las 4 pm en Zoom
A Christmas Carol in Spanish
A free community reading of select passages from A Christmas Carol!
Sunday, December 20 at 4 pm on Zoom
Learn more and RSVP»
Book ClubHartford Public Library and Hartford Stage invite the community to a new book club, called “Deep Appreciation,” a heart-led gathering featuring live readings, interactive dialogue and reflections on fiction and poetry by Black, Indigenous, and People of Color (BIPOC) authors, past and present. Learn More & Register...
Plan Your Visit
InformationAddress
50 Church Street, Hartford CT 06103
View Map
Phone: 860-527-5151
Email: boxoffice@hartfordstage.org
Hours
On performance days:
BY PHONE: Noon – 30 minutes before curtain
AT THE WINDOW: Noon – Curtain
On non-performance days:
BY PHONE: Noon – 5:00 PM
AT THE WINDOW: Noon – 5:00 PM
Directions, Etc.Directions
Detailed directions from all compass points
Parking
Parking options near the theatre
Seating
Seat maps of the theatre
Accessibility
Information for people with mobility, hearing or vision issues
PlayDate
PlayDate was developed jointly by Hartford Stage and Christ Church Cathedral to offer reliable, convenient childcare for parents eager to relax and enjoy a live theatre performance.
Dining & LodgingRestaurants & Bars
View a map of food & drink establishments within walking distance of the theatre.
V's Trattoria is our official restaurant partner. Get discount details.
Hotels
View a map of hotels within walking distance of the theatre.
Red Lion Hotels is our official hotel partner. Get discount details.
Education
ClassesYouth Classes
Fall Studio Online
Winter Studio Online
Adult Classes
Playwriting Online
Accents and Dialects Online
Audition Basics Online
Performances
Dec. 13 & 14: The Little Town of Christmas
For YouthProject Transform
A 6-week program that will give you the opportunity to speak your mind about the change you would like to see in your neighborhood, community and world.
Teen Council
A teen-led advisory board for high school students passionate about theatre and arts leadership
Breakdancing Shakespeare
A six-week long summer apprenticeship that culminates in the performance of a classic Shakespearean play with a modern hip-hop twist.
Write On
Write On is our Annual Young Playwrights' Competition and includes workshops with a professional playwright.
For SchoolsStudent Matinees
Student Performance Series, pre- and post-show workshops, InterAct.
Study Guides
View and download study guides for our mainstage performances.
School-wide Programs
Collaboration with schools through an Interdistrict Partnership.
In-School Residencies
Classroom content taught through theatre.
Afterschool/Extended Day Learning
Full production, process-based presentation, skill building classes, master classes.
For Adults & EducatorsProfessional Development
Workshops designed to engage and empower through arts- integrated learning techniques.
Teaching Artist Information
Job opportunities, upcoming events, and more for local teaching artists.
Apprenticeship/Internship Information
Short-term and long-term internship and apprenticeship opportunities.
Support the Stage
Individual Giving
Crowdfunding - Project: Transform
The crowdfunding campaign will run Monday, April 8, through Friday, April 26. We’ve received a $10,000 matching corporate gift to help reach our ambitious goal. Your gift of any size can help bring this important program back to our community!
Support Hartford Stage
Your gift to Hartford Stage supports our art, our education programs, and our presence in downtown Hartford.
Donate Online
How to Give
There are many ways that you can make a gift to support the work of Hartford Stage. The easiest way to make a gift now is online with your credit card. You can make gifts of cash, matching gifts, securities and planned gifts.
Corporate Matching Gifts
You can double your gift to Hartford Stage by submitting a corporate matching gift form from your employer. See a list of participating corporations.
Donor Societies and Benefits
See a detailed list of benefits provided for each of our giving levels.
Corporate SupportCorporate Partnerships
Corporate Partnership with Hartford Stage provides companies with unique privileges and benefits designed to increase company recognition, provide special client entertaining, enhance your employee benefits, and heighten community relations.
Corporate Membership Program
A Hartford Stage Corporate Membership allows businesses of all sizes to support our mission while playing the most vital role in our theatre.
Donor EventsHartford Stage Gala
The Hartford Stage Gala has been heralded as the hottest party in town. Theatrical, fun, and full of surprises, it is not just another black tie dinner. The gala raises essential funds for Hartford Stage’s artistic and educational programs. Mark your calendar now and be a part of this unforgettable night!
The Book Club at Hartford Stage
Members of the Artistic staff host a book club with selections to complement and add perspective to each play.
The HS Open
Stay tuned for information on our next HS Open.
About Us
About the StageOverview
A brief overview of Hartford Stage, including our Mission Statement.
History
A concise history of Hartford Stage.
Community Engagement
Hartford Stage actively engages in partnerships to enrich and strengthen the connection that our community has with the work we produce on stage.
Renting Space
Learn more about renting any of our several available spaces for events, performances or rehearsals.
Our WorkScene and Heard: LIVE!
Watch past episodes of our weekly conversation about theatre.
Production History
A full chronology of all work performed at Hartford Stage since our founding in 1964.
New Plays
Hartford Stage has a long-standing commitment to developing new plays.
Script Submissions
Guidelines for submitting your original work for consideration to Hartford Stage.
Our PeopleOur Staff
View a full list of Hartford Stage staff arranged by department.
Our Leaders
Read about our Artistic and Management team.
Our Board
View a list of Board members and leadership.
Contact Us
Have questions, or comments? Let us know.
Contact Us
Search
Privacy Policy
Hartford Stage (www.hartfordstage.org) Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘Personally identifiable information’ (PII) is being used online. PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our website?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our email list, fill out a form or enter information on our site.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
To quickly process your transactions.
To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services.
How do we protect visitor information?
Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.
We use regular Malware Scanning.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
Do we use ‘cookies’?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:
Help remember and process the items in the shopping cart.
Understand and save user’s preferences for future visits.
Keep track of advertisements.
Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third party services that track this information on our behalf.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser’s Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you disable cookies off, some features will be disabled It won’t affect the users experience that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly.
However, you can still place orders.
Third Party Disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.
Third party links
We do not include or offer third party products or services on our website.
Google
Google’s advertising requirements can be summed up by Google’s Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en
We have implemented the following:
Google Display Network Impression Reporting
Demographics and Interests Reporting
DoubleClick Platform Integration
We along with third-party vendors, such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions, and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
Opting out:
Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising initiative opt out page or permanently using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
How does our site handle do not track signals?
We honor do not track signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Does our site allow third party behavioral tracking?
It’s also important to note that we do not allow third party behavioral tracking
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, the nation’s consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children’s privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under 13.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify the users via email
Within 1 business day
We will notify users via phone call
Within 7 business days
We will notify the users via letter
Within 7 business days
We also agree to the individual redress principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or a government agency to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
Keep you updated on performance details, such as shows you are scheduled to attend, cancellations, etc.
To send you weekly updates via email if you have specifically chosen to receive such emails.
To identify you in our database and prevent duplicate records for individuals.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at http://tracking.wordfly.com/unsubscribe and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
50 Church St.
Hartford, Connecticut 06103
United States
Contact us online
Last Edited on 2015-11-04
Directions & Hours
Accessibility
News & Media
Donate Now
Script Submissions
Our Staff
Auditions
Contact Us