http://www.odeon.co.uk/privacy-and-legal/myodeon-prize-draw-terms-and-conditions/
MyODEON prize draw terms and conditions
MyODEON
Login
Sign up
Quick Book
I want to go to
Loading
to see
Loading
on
Go
Reset
Login with Facebook
or
Sign in to MyODEONPassword
Username or Password incorrect.
Not signed up?Sign up nowForgotten your password?
Forgotten your password?Enter the email address you registered with and we will email you a link to reset your password
Return to login
ODEON Website
Cinemas
Select a cinema
Select a cinema
Andover
Aylesbury - ODEON Luxe
Ayr
Banbury
Basingstoke
Bath
Beckenham
Belfast
BFI IMAX
Birmingham Broadway Plaza - ODEON Luxe
Birmingham New Street
Blackpool
Bournemouth BH2
Bracknell
Braehead
Bridgend
Brighton
Bristol
Bromborough - ODEON Luxe
Camden
Canterbury
Cardiff
Chatham
Chelmsford
Colchester
Coventry
Crewe
Darlington - ODEON Luxe
Derby - ODEON Luxe
Dorchester
Dudley (Merry Hill)
Dundee - ODEON Luxe
Dunfermline
Durham - ODEON Luxe
East Kilbride - ODEON Luxe
Edinburgh Fort Kinnaird
Edinburgh Lothian Road
Edinburgh West - ODEON Luxe
Epsom - ODEON Luxe
Exeter
Glasgow Quay - ODEON Luxe
Greenwich
Guildford
Harrogate
Hastings
Hatfield
Hereford
Holloway - ODEON Luxe
Huddersfield
Hull - ODEON Luxe
Islington - ODEON Luxe and Dine
Kettering
Kilmarnock
Kingston
Lee Valley - ODEON Luxe
Leeds Thorpe Park - ODEON Luxe
Leeds-Bradford - ODEON Luxe
Leicester - ODEON Luxe
Lincoln
Liverpool ONE
Liverpool Switch Island - ODEON Luxe
Llanelli
London Covent Garden
London Haymarket - ODEON Luxe
London Leicester Square - ODEON Luxe
London Tottenham Court Road
Loughborough
Maidenhead - ODEON Luxe
Maidstone
Manchester Great Northern
Manchester Trafford Centre
Mansfield
Metrocentre
Milton Keynes Stadium
Newark
Northwich Barons Quay
Norwich
Nuneaton - ODEON Luxe
Oldham
Orpington
Oxford George St
Oxford Magdalen St
Port Solent
Preston
Putney - ODEON Luxe
Richmond
Rochdale
Salisbury
Sheffield - ODEON Luxe
Silverlink
South Woodford
Southampton
Southend
Stafford - ODEON Luxe
Stoke
Streatham
Surrey Quays
Swadlincote
Swansea
Swiss Cottage - ODEON Luxe
Tamworth - ODEON Luxe
Taunton
Telford - ODEON Luxe
Trowbridge
Tunbridge Wells
Uxbridge
Warrington - ODEON Luxe
West Bromwich
Weston super Mare
Wimbledon
Worcester
Wrexham Eagles Meadow
Go
or
Find your nearest ODEON
Search
View all London cinemas
Experience more at ODEON
ODEON Luxe
This is cinema like you've never experienced before.
iSense
Enjoy epic cinema with iSense
Premier Seating
The best seats in the house.
Food & Drink
Sweets, Ice cream, soft drinks, fresh popcorn & hot food.
3D
3D images that pop out of the screen.
IMAX
Immerse yourself in the action with ODEON IMAX.
The Gallery
VIP bar area, unlimited popcorn, nachos & soft drink.
Our cinemas are available for Corporate Events, Conferences and Private Screenings. "Visit our website."
What’s on
FilmsView all films
All films now showing
Select a film
-- Top Films --
TENET
Cats & Dogs: Paws Unite!
Saint Maud
After We Collided
The Elfkins
Bill And Ted Face The Music
Akira (2020) - SFL Subtitled Foreign Language
Two By Two: Overboard
Kajillionaire
Onward
-- All Films A-Z --
100% Wolf
1917 2D
23 Walks
After We Collided
Akira (2020) - SFL Subtitled Foreign Language
BFI London Film Festival 2020 Closing Film: Ammonite
Bill And Ted Face The Music
Black Panther
Bohemian Rhapsody (2020)
Bolshoi Ballet: Romeo And Juliet (2020)
Bolshoi: The Lady Of The Camellias (2020)
Booksmart
Cabin In The Woods
Cats & Dogs: Paws Unite!
Coco (2020)
Coco.
Deadpool (2020)
Dirty Dancing (30th Anniversary)
Emma.
Exhibition On Screen: Frida Kahlo
I Am Greta + Recorded Q&A - SFL Subtitled Foreign Language
Idiot Prayer: Nick Cave Alone At Alexandra Palace
Jigsaw
Jurassic Park
Kajillionaire
La Haine SFL - Subtitled Foreign Language (Bring Back)
La La Land
Love Actually (Bring Back)
Michael Ball & Alfie Boe - Back Together
My People, My Homeland SFL - Subtitled Foreign Language
My Spy
On The Basis Of Sex
Onward
Rocks + London Film Festival Q&A
Saint Maud
Stevie Nicks 24k Gold
TENET
The Broken Hearts Gallery
The Elfkins
The Hunt
The Invisible Man
The Lighthouse
The New Mutants
The Royal Ballet: Giselle (2020)
Trolls World Tour
Uncle Vanya
Unhinged
Wallace & Gromit: Curse Of The Were-Rabbit
View all films at ODEON
Special Screenings
ODEON Kids
ODEON Newbies
ODEON Silver Cinema
Bollywood / S.A Cinema
Original British Cinema
All the best live & recorded performances from around the world. You'll feel like you're there.
View ODEON Event Cinema performances
Top 5 Films Now Booking
TENET
Cats & Dogs: Paws Unite!
Saint Maud
After We Collided
The Elfkins
Offers
Offers & Competitions
Family
Students & Teens
Great value for everyone
Saver and SuperSaver Tickets
ODEON Gift Card
Sign up to MyODEON for a chance to win a free year of Limitless
Find out more
Terms & Conditions
Sign up
ODEON Gift Cards
Why not treat family and friends to a gift as magical as cinema itself with our ODEON Gift Cards.
Where to buy Gift Cards
Limitless
Limitless
Join now to see all the films
you want, as often as you like*
Imagine being able to see all the films you want, week in, week out.
Mid-week romcom? Saturday night blockbuster?
With huge potential savings and access to exclusive member treats, joining Limitless means you can watch all the films you want as often as you like for one monthly fee.
Join now from just £15.99 a month*.
*Terms and conditions apply. Extra charge for some screenings and facilities.
£15.99/month membership excludes Central London cinemas.
Price including Central London cinemas is £17.99/month.
Minimum age is 16, minimum membership period is 12 months, and monthly payment is by Direct Debit.
Find out more
ODEON Luxe
Select your ODEON Luxe Experience
Select a cinema
Aylesbury - ODEON Luxe
Birmingham Broadway Plaza - ODEON Luxe
Bromborough - ODEON Luxe
Darlington - ODEON Luxe
Derby - ODEON Luxe
Dundee - ODEON Luxe
Durham - ODEON Luxe
East Kilbride - ODEON Luxe
Edinburgh West - ODEON Luxe
Epsom - ODEON Luxe
Glasgow Quay - ODEON Luxe
Holloway - ODEON Luxe
Hull - ODEON Luxe
Islington - ODEON Luxe and Dine
Lee Valley - ODEON Luxe
Leeds Thorpe Park - ODEON Luxe
Leeds-Bradford - ODEON Luxe
Leicester - ODEON Luxe
Liverpool Switch Island - ODEON Luxe
London Haymarket - ODEON Luxe
London Leicester Square - ODEON Luxe
Maidenhead - ODEON Luxe
Nuneaton - ODEON Luxe
Putney - ODEON Luxe
Sheffield - ODEON Luxe
Stafford - ODEON Luxe
Swiss Cottage - ODEON Luxe
Tamworth - ODEON Luxe
Telford - ODEON Luxe
Warrington - ODEON Luxe
Go
Your new luxury cinemas, where every seat reclines.
Relax, recline and experience your new ODEON Luxe cinema. With handmade luxury reclining seats in
every screen, you'll have more space and comfort to truly immerse yourself in the moment
and escape into film. Sample the new selection of fine wines and beers from Oscar's Bar,
which sit perfectly alongside our irresistible food menu.
This is just you and the film – cinema has never felt better.
Find out more
MyODEON - Terms and conditions
Sign up to MyODEON to enjoy benefits such as quick and simple booking, and the latest film news direct to your inbox.
Also, we're giving MyODEON members the chance to win a free year of ODEON Limitless when they book tickets online!
All you need to do to enter is log on and book a paid ticket online.
The weekly prize draw starts on 11 March 2019 and there is one Limitless membership to be won every week across UK and ROI.
Sign up for free today
What is MyODEON?
MyODEON is your online member account where you can log in, manage your film preferences, review and rate films, and sign up for emails. ODEON Premiere Club and existing Limitless members have a MyODEON account. It's free to join.
Terms and Conditions
MyODEON Weekly Prize Draw Terms and Conditions UK + ROI - Starts March 11th 2019
The MyODEON weekly prize draw will take place for MyODEON members each week starting on 11 March 2019.
If you have a MyODEON account you can enter the weekly prize draw from 00.00 on the Monday of each week until 11.59pm London time on the Sunday of each week.
You must be 16 or older and resident in the UK or ROI to enter.  If you are under 18, you must have permission from your parent or guardian to enter the prize draw,  and you will need written parental permission to receive the prize.
You need access to the internet in order to enter the prize draw.
You cannot enter the prize draw if you or a member of your family is an employee of ODEON, or any other company connected with the prize draw.
Entries shall be eligible for that week's prize draw only, and will not be carried forward into the next draw.
To enter, buy a ticket online (including the ODEON app) whilst logged into your MyODEON account and ODEON will automatically enter you into the prize draw. You can also enter if you are a MyODEON member and book a ticket via the accessibility helpline and ask us to enter you.If you are a Limitless member, you can only enter the prize draw by buying a paid for ticket - any tickets purchased using your Limitless card will not be valid for entry.  You must book a ticket - if you only buy food or drink this will not be valid. One ticket booking transaction equals one entry. ODEON will not enter you into the prize draw if you book tickets at the box office or at the ticket machine.
If you live in Northern Ireland or the Republic of Ireland  you can enter the prize draw without making a purchase by sending your name, email address, and telephone number to ‘MyODEON Weekly Prize Draw’, ODEON Cinemas Limited, 8th Floor, 1 Stephen Street, London, W1T 1AT .  Upon receipt and verification of the details supplied, an entry to the prize draw will be made on your behalf. Only one entry application per stamped, correctly mailed envelope.
You must prove that you have met the entry criteria if we ask you to. Failure to meet the entry criteria will result in an entry being invalid and/or forfeiture of any prize.
Syndicated entries or those made through agents, third parties, organised groups or using methods such as a computer macro, script or via other automated or mechanical means, processes or devices is prohibited and all such entries will be disqualified and any prize award will be void.
There will be 1 winner per week.
Each winner will receive the following prize:
A Limitless Gift Membership Voucher Code including Central London (for a UK winner) or A Limitless Gift Membership Voucher Code including Dublin (for a ROI winner). To claim the  prize, you must: (a) provide a valid email address; and (b) provide a passport-style photograph for your membership card. You must also accept the terms & conditions for using the gift membership code, the terms & conditions for joining the Limitless scheme, and the ODEON privacy policy which are available for review at the following links.ODEON UK:  https://www.odeon.co.uk/privacy-and-legal/limitless-gift-membership-card-and-voucher-code-terms-of-use/https://www.odeon.co.uk/privacy-and-legal/limitless-terms-and-conditions/https://www.odeon.co.uk/privacy-and-legal/privacy-policy/ODEON Ireland:https://www.odeoncinemas.ie/privacy-and-legal/limitless-gift-membership-card-voucher-code-terms-of-use/https://www.odeoncinemas.ie/privacy-and-legal/limitless-terms-and-conditions/https://www.odeoncinemas.ie/privacy-and-legal/privacy-policy/
The winners will be chosen at random by a computer program
We will notify the winners by email or telephone (using the details given when they entered) within 14 days of the weekly closing date.  Following such notification, the winners will have 14 days to claim their prize and provide ODEON with the address to which the prize will be delivered.
If we don’t get any response from a winner or receive confirmation of a delivery address or, if a winner is under 18, written parental permission to claim the prize, within 14 days of the notification that they have won, we can choose to offer the prize to the next eligible entrant chosen from the remaining valid entries and thereafter until a winner on these terms is found.
We will email the prize to the winner within 14 days of the winner claiming their prize. We are not responsible for any prize which is lost or which is delayed or damaged in transit.
You must enter the prize draw for your own personal purposes only. The prize is non-transferable
There is no cash alternative for any prize.
The prize is non-negotiable. The winner does not have to take up the prize if they don’t want to.
To the extent permitted by law, ODEON will have no liability for any claims, losses or damages of any kind arising out of or in connection with participation in this prize draw or the allocation or use of a prize.
Incomplete or illegible entries or entries not in accordance with these terms and conditions will be rejected. We are not responsible for any wrongly completed, lost, damaged or delayed entries, or for any technical failures which stop you entering the prize draw.
The winners may be required to participate in publicity activities connected with the prize draw including being photographed and/or filmed (without compensation). By entering the prize draw you agree and provide consent to take part in such publicity.
We will collect, store and process your personal data: (i) in order to run and administer the prize draw, (ii) for the purposes set out in our Privacy Policy www.odeon.co.uk/privacy-and-legal/privacy-policy/ (UK) Privacy and Cookie Statement  www.odeoncinemas.ie/privacy-and-legal/privacy-policy/ (IRE) and (iii) for any other purpose set out at the point of collection. By entering the prize draw you consent to such use of your data.
If we can’t award the prize due to reasons beyond our control, we may provide a substitute prize of similar or greater value.
We may suspend, cancel or amend the prize draw at any time where it becomes reasonably necessary to do so.
If we decide to end the weekly prize draws, we will provide one month’s notice on our website.
We may disqualify, without notice, any entrant and/or winner we reasonably believe has failed to meet the qualifying criteria, has acted fraudulently, tampered or attempted to tamper with the operation of the prize draw or is in breach of these terms and conditions.
By entering the prize draw, all entrants will be deemed to have accepted and be bound by these terms and conditions.
The prize draw and these terms and conditions are governed by English law, and any dispute between you and ODEON arising out of or in connection with the prize draw, or these terms and conditions shall be dealt with exclusively by the English courts.
ODEON’s decision is final and no correspondence will be entered into.
Promoter: Odeon Cinemas Limited, 8th Floor, 1 Stephen Street, London, W1T 1AT.
© ODEON Cinemas Limited 2019. All rights reserved. Version 1.1 May 2019.
EXPLORE OUR SITE
Find a cinema
London Cinemas
What's on Now
Cinema Tickets
ODEON films blog
THE ODEON EXPERIENCE
ODEON Kids
ODEON Newbies
ODEON Silver Cinema
ODEON Event Cinema
Bollywood & South Asian Cinema
Original British Cinema
ODEON IMAX
3D
iSense
Dolby Cinema
The Gallery
HELP & SUPPORT
FAQs
Accessibility
Contact Us
Corporate Social Responsibility
About our Cookies
ABOUT ODEON
About Us
Careers
Corporate Events
ODEON Ireland
ODEON Cinemas Group
ODEON Magazine
Mobile Site:
ODEON App:
© ODEON Cinemas Holdings Limited 2006 to 2020 - All rights reserved.
Privacy and Legal
|
Sitemap
Sorry this performance is sold out, please check for other available performances
Sorry, this performance is not available.
Sorry, this performance is only available at the box office.
G
Gallery showing
(over 18s only)
Kids Screen
(With kids soft seating area)
Starts:
Screen:
Book now
Booking is temporarily unavailable. Please try again later.
Free passes restricted - Find out more
This is an Audio Described Performance: This performance is Audio Described for the visually impaired via headphones available from the Box Office.
This is a Limitless Screening Performance: This performance is exclusive to ODEON Limitless members. If you’re not a member yet, join now.
This is a Subtitled Performance: Displays subtitles on screen to benefit guests who may be hard of hearing.
Important - this performance is in the early hours of the date shown. E.g Tues 00:15 would be first showing, early hours of Tuesday morning/late night Monday. Find out more
Note - Please note this is an early morning AM performance for the date listed, not an afternoon/evening PM performance. Find out more