https://www.piano-tuners.org/pages/main-terms-and-conditions.html
A Wealth of Information on Pianos, Tuning, Piano History, Makers, Movers,
Teachers, Accompanists and Piano Entertainers in the UK
UK Piano Page
Type in your Town
Search
Login
Home
Main Terms And Conditions
Menu
Home
Piano Tuners
Piano Makers
Piano Accessories Shop
Piano Teachers
Piano Accompanists
Piano Entertainers
Piano Shops
Piano Removals
French Polishers
Piano Rehearsal Rooms
Piano Hire
Pianos For Sale
Piano Parts
Piano History
Piano Forum
Piano Music
Piano Events
Advertise
Advanced Search
Contact Site Admin
Help with a listing
Sitemap
Main Terms And Conditions
Add a New Listing
Login
Login
Forgot Password?
Recent Listings
Experienced accompanist
Dorking
Surrey
Dorking, Surrey
England
Experienced accompanist
17-11-2020 05:23PM
Experienced piano teacher
Dorking
Surrey
Dorking, Surrey
England
Experienced piano teacher
17-11-2020 05:18PM
Britannia Cestrian
Interlinq Trade Park, 1B
Chester Rd
Queensferry, Flintshire CH5 2DW
Wales/Cymru
Britannia Cestrian can provide a competitive and
09-11-2020 10:29AM
Easy man and van Removals
73 Cardington square
Hounslow, London TW4 6AJ
England
Professional Piano removals company.
17-10-2020 08:29AM
Britannia Fleet Removals & Storage
Units 9-11 Nexus, Randles Road
Knowsley Business Park
Liverpool, Merseyside L34 9HX
England
Britannia Fleet have the expertise, knowledge,
09-10-2020 05:09PM
Main Terms And Conditions Terms And ConditionsGeneralAll orders,  accepted by ABPT-Trading Ltd are subject to these terms and conditions. These terms and conditions shall govern the contract of sale between the ABPT-Trading Ltd and purchaser. These terms and conditions will be deemed accepted by the buyer upon placement of an order. These terms and conditions are non-negotiable.Free and paid Advertisements on the UK Piano Page All Advertisements have to be approved by us All Advertisements must comply with trading standards and advertising standards.We reserve the right to remove any advertisement we see fit Piano Tuning services must not be placed in Advertisements other than the piano tuning section.You may only have one free advertisement in each category.    UK Piano Page Piano Forum  By accessing “UK Piano Page Piano Forum” (hereinafter “we”, “us”, “our”, “UK Piano Page Piano Forum”, “https://www.piano-tuners.org/piano-forums”), you agree to be legally bound by the following terms. If you do not agree to be legally bound by all of the following terms then please do not access and/or use “UK Piano Page Piano Forum”. We may change these at any time and we’ll do our utmost in informing you, though it would be prudent to review this regularly yourself as your continued usage of “UK Piano Page Piano Forum” when you log in you consent to our rulesYou agree not to post any abusive, obscene, vulgar, slanderous, hateful, threatening, sexually-orientated or any other material that may violate any laws be it of your country, or the United Kingdom or International Law. Doing so may lead to you being immediately and permanently banned, with notification of your Internet Service Provider if deemed required by us. The IP address of all posts are recorded to aid in enforcing these conditions. You agree that “UK Piano Page Piano Forum” have the right to remove, edit, move or close any topic at any time should we see fit. As a user, you agree to any information you have entered to being stored in a database. While this information will not be disclosed to any third party without your consent. please see our main Privacy StatementShopping Cart Terms And ConditionsAll goods are offered subject to being available. If goods are no longer available ABPT-Trading Ltd reserves the right to cancel the sale and refund payment.The Photographs used in this Catalogue are for illustration purposes only and do not represent the true size of the product. All dealing between ABPT-Trading Ltd and the purchaser shall be governed by the laws of England and the Courts of England shall have exclusive jurisdiction over all matters arising pursuant thereto.    We reserve the right to change prices at any time without prior notice.    Payment must be made using a valid credit card or debit card all PayPal transactions are subject to the PayPal Privacy Policy.    We do not store credit card details nor do we share customer details with any 3rd parties    All goods remain the property of ABPT-Trading Ltd until payment is made in full.    If the purchaser is not available to accept delivery of goods, risk for loss or damage of goods will pass to the purchaser.    ABPT-Trading Ltd reserves the right to reclaim any costs or losses from the purchaser due to payment being refused by the purchaser's credit or debit card issuer or bank.    A contract of sale between ABPT-Trading Ltd and purchaser does not exist until an email has been sent to the purchaser confirming payment.DELIVERY POLICYDepending on goods being sent. We use Royal Mail for small items and Parcelforce 24 traced for larger items. We despatch items in 3 working days on receipt of payment unless it is a special or custom order the time scale for special or custom order can vary from 3 to 15 weeks depending on product ordered or time of year. We try to send them out in 3 weeks, However, its all down the manufacturer who we have no control over .RETURNS POLICYIf you are not happy with the goods for any reason, we will give you a full refund minus shipping cost. If you cancel the contract with ABPT-Trading Ltd you must inform us within seven working days and return the goods within 14 days the cost of the return postage is paid by you. Goods lost in transit will only be refunded on proof of postage.Special orders and custom-made items. We reserve the right to change a restocking fee if you cancel the order after it has been processed.All goods are guaranteed against faults for 12 months, unless stated, from the date of invoice. Faults should be notified to ABPT prior to return, you should pack them securely and return them to us, together with your original receipt, original packing where posable and we will replace, repair or refund you including the return post.Goods lost in transit will only be refunded on proof of postage. You should send your proof of return to us by separate mail.ABPT-Trading Ltd accepts no liability for any claim for damage or non-functionality unless the purchaser notifies ABPT-Trading Ltd in writing within seven working days of delivery of the goods.ABPT-Trading Ltd accepts no liability for any claim for goods with missing components or goods differing in quality or description from the delivery note unless the purchaser notifies ABPT-Trading Ltd in writing within seven working days of delivery of goods.ABPT-Trading Ltd2018ABPT Trading LtdC/o31 Wyre CrescentDarwenLancashire BB3 0JGEnglandTel: 0844 736 1976Email: Us
Featured Listings
North London Piano Moving
20 Red Lion St
Holborn, London WC1R 4PQ
England
North London Piano Moving professional team can
Cheshire Pianos
Woodacre Farm
Warrington Road
Lymm, Cheshire WA139BT
England
As well as a large selection of New and
Little & Lampert Pianos
38 Joel Street
Northwood Hills
Northwood, London HA6 1PA
England
We are importers and distributors of new and
AMH Pianos Services London-Pianos for sale
95 Strongbow Crescent
Eltham, London SE9 1DW
England
AMH Pianos Services London is proud to let you
Cheshire Pianos Removals
Woodacre Farm, Warrington Road
Statham
Lymm, Cheshire WA13 9BT
England
Cheshire Pianos has an experienced and dedicated
Broadwood Barless
Piano Book
Get this book for only £15.00 +PP
Featured Classifieds
Ritmuller 118cm traditional upright piano mahogany polished new
Ritmuller 118cm traditional upright piano in
Elysian 122cm traditional upright piano Makassar new
Elysian 122cm Traditional Upright Piano in
John Morley single manual harpsichord walnut new
John Morley Single Manual Harpsichord Franco-
ALLISON UPRIGHT PIANO
This is a nice Allison Upright. Lovely sound.
H.1
Keith Prowse 128cm traditional upright piano c1920 secondhand
Keith Prowse 128cm traditional upright piano c1920
Recent Classifieds
Weber 150cm baby grand piano Mahogany c1997
Weber 150cm (4' 11") baby grand piano in a very
Yamaha U1A Traditional Upright Piano Black c1959
Yamaha U1A (121cm) Traditional Upright Piano Black
Elysian 118cm Traditional Upright Piano Black NEW
Elysian 118cm Traditional Upright Piano in Black
Weber 112cm Modern Upright Piano Walnut c2012
Weber 112cm Modern Upright Piano in Walnut
Monington & Weston 110cm traditional upright Dark Mahogany c2014
Monington & Weston 110cm traditional upright Dark
New Events
HAYDN by REZZUTO - CANCELLED!
Juan Rezzuto, Haydn performer is back to delight
03-04-2020 05:34PM
Mozart & Haydn - CANCELLED
This concert has been cancelled.
Due to the
04-11-2019 05:04PM
MUSIC FESTIVAL in London by WKMT
WKMT London Piano Studios have just arranged a new
24-10-2019 04:39PM
Upcoming Events
The Morecambe Bay Piano Group
The Morecambe Bay Piano Group was set up to extend
Did You Know Piano Facts1157Around the middle of the twelfth century we find the keyed monochord, which was developed further, several strings being added, until eventually we recognize the clavichord. A tangent was fitted to the back of each key, which when raised contacted the single string, and facilitated simultaneous notes. The tangent acted as a bridge determining the speaking length of the string. A mute was fitted to the non-speaking length, so when the key was released the note stopped singing.
The
UK Piano Pages ©1996-2019
[ The Association of Blind Piano Tuners ]
[ Privacy Statement, Disclaimer and Contact Information
]