https://www.pembrokeshirecoast.wales/planning/planning-policy/planning-policy-faqs/
Jump to Main content
Highlight Links
High contrast Mode
Readable Fonts
Greyscale Mode
Invert Mode
XClose this tab
Search for:
Search
Q: Does the Authority have a current Development Plan?
A: Yes. A Local Development Plan, adopted in September 2010, containing the general and area specific policies for development within the Pembrokeshire Coast National Park.
Q: What is a Local Development Plan (LDP)?
A: An LDP is a development plan, which all Local Planning Authorities must prepare. It provides a measure of certainty about what kind of development will and will not be permitted during the Plan period.
Q: What policies are relevant to a Planning Application?
A: The Planning System consists of a hierarchy of policies from national to local level. Policies formed at a national and regional levels have been used to guide the preparation of the Local Development Plan. All planning applications are considered against the policies set out in national policy documents and the Local Development Plan. There may also be other matters to consider, these are called ‘material considerations’.
Q: What geographical area does the National Park Planning Service cover?
A: The Authority covers the geographical area of the Pembrokeshire Coast National Park. The service deals with both planning applications and the writing of planning policy.
Q: Do you have any Planning guidance notes?
A: We have a range of local planning guidance notes (Supplementary Planning Guidance) available to help you with specific development enquiries. There are also guidance notes that will help with a large range of planning topics.
Q: How do I comment on planning policy issues?
A: The National Park Authority has an adopted Local Development Plan. If you would like more information on how to input into policy reviews please contact the Development Plans Team via email. National planning policy is produced by the Welsh Government.
Contact Us
If you have more unanswered questions please email us.
Planning Policy
Regional Waste Plans
Pembrokeshire County Council is the waste collection authority for the county as a whole, including the National Park.
Read more
Local Development Plan 2
As the local planning authority, we are responsible for preparing and updating the Local Development Plan. This process includes several stages of pre...
Read more
Regional Minerals Planning
National minerals planning policy is set out in Planning Policy Wales (PPW) Chapter 14 Minerals. It states that: ‘Minerals development should not ta...
Read more
Read More
Get In Touch
Contact us and register your details to get the latest updates on what's happening in the Pembrokeshire Coast National Park.
Contact Us
Cookie Policy
To help us make this website better, the cookie settings are set to ‘allow all cookies’. If you continue without changing these settings, you consent to this – for more information and to change this at any time, see our cookie policy and privacy policy.
I understand
View Basket
Checkout
Continue Shopping