http://www.lenzula.com/privacy/
Privacy statement
Data protection
The operators of these pages take the protection of your personal data very seriously. We treat your personal data confidentially and in accordance with the statutory data protection regulations and this privacy policy.
The use of our website is usually possible without providing personal information. As far as on our sides personal data (for example name, address or E-Mail addresses) are raised, this takes place, as far as possible, always on freiwilliger basis. These data will not be disclosed to third parties without your explicit consent.
Please note that data transmission over the Internet (for example, when communicating via e-mail) may have security vulnerabilities. A complete protection of the data from access by third parties is not possible.
Cookies
On these pages, no cookies are set or read.
Server log files
The provider of the pages automatically collects and stores information in so-called server log files, which your browser automatically transmits to us. These are:
Browser type and browser version
used operating system
Referrer URL
IP address of the accessing computer (last IP octect anonymized)
Time of the server request
These data can not be assigned to specific persons. A merge of this data with other data sources will not be done. We reserve the right to check this data retrospectively, if we become aware of specific indications for illegal use.
SSL encryption
This site uses SSL encryption for security reasons and to protect the transmission of sensitive content, such as the requests you send to us as the site operator. You can recognize an encrypted connection by changing the address line of the browser from “http: //” to “https: //” and the lock symbol in your browser line.
If SSL encryption is enabled, the data you submit to us can not be read by third parties.
Contradiction advertising emails
The use of published in the context of the imprint obligation contact information for sending unsolicited advertising and information materials is hereby rejected. The operators of the pages expressly reserve the right to take legal action in the event of the unsolicited sending of advertising information, for example through spam e-mails.
Source: Based on e-recht24.de
Imprint
|
Privacy Statement
(C) 2000-2020 Ula Lenz, <mail@lenzula.com>