http://www.spacenoah.com/privacy-policy/
PRIVACY AND COOKIES POLICY for SPACENOAH.COM
At SPACENOAH.COM, we recognize that privacy of your personal information is important. Here is information on what types of personal information we receive and collect when you use and visit SPACENOAH.COM, and how we safeguard your information. We never sell your personal information to third parties.
Log Files
As with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files.
The information in the log files include
your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider, such as AOL or Shaw Cable), the browser you used to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site.
Email subscriptions / Contact information
Certain services at this site require a subscription, and when contacting SPACENOAH.COM you will need to provide your email address. The provided information will only be used for the intended purpose of said service. If you no longer wish to be contacted by SPACENOAH.COM, you can simply opt-out or contact us to have your information removed from these particular services.
COOKIES POLICY
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. Information about your use of our site are shared through cookies with our trusted social media, advertising and analytics partners.
We do use cookies to store information, such as your personal preferences when you visit our site.
This could include only showing you a popup once in your visit, or the ability to login to some of our features, such as forums. By using our website and agreeing to this policy, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy.
ABOUT COOKIES
A cookie is a small file, typically of letters and numbers, downloaded on to a device when the user accesses certain websites. Cookies allow a website to recognise a user’s device and track users as they navigate different pages on a website and to identify users returning to a website. Cookies do not contain any information that personally identifies you, but personal information that we store about you may be linked, by us, to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
For more information see: http://www.allaboutcookies.org/
Session and persistent cookies
Cookies can expire at the end of a browser session (from when a user opens the browser window to when they exit the browser) or they can be stored for longer.
Session cookies – allow websites to link the actions of a user during a browser session. These session cookies expire after a browser session so would not be stored longer term. For this reason session cookies may be considered less privacy intrusive than persistent cookies.
Persistent cookies – are stored on a users’ device in between browser sessions which allows the preferences or actions of the user across a site (or in some cases across different websites) to be remembered.
First and third party cookies
Whether a cookie is ‘first’ or ‘third’ party refers to the website or domain placing the cookie.
First party cookies in basic terms are cookies set by a website visited by the user / the website displayed in the URL window.
Third party cookies are cookies that are set by a domain other than the one being visited by the user. If a user visits a website and a separate company sets a cookie through that website this would be a third party cookie.
EXTENDED INFORMATIVE ON COOKIES
Cookies consist of portions of codes installed within the browser that help this site to supply the service according to the objectives described.
Furthermore, some of the objectives of installation of the Cookies may require the consent of the User.
TECHNICAL COOKIES AND COOKIES OF AN AGGREGATE FORM
Activities strictly necessary for operation
This site uses Cookies to save the User’s session and to carry out other activities strictly necessary for operation of the site itself, for example with regards to traffic distribution.
Storage activities of preferences, optimisation and statistics
This site uses Cookies to save browsing preferences and to optimise the browsing experience of the User. Cookies include, for example, those required to set the language and currency or for management of statistics.
Other types of Cookies or third party tools that may be used
Some of the services listed here below may not require the consent of the User or may be handled directly by this site – according to the description provided – without the assistance of third parties.
If the tools indicated below include services handled by third parties, they may – in addition to the specifications given and also unbeknown to this site – perform tracing activities of the User.
For detailed information on this subject, please consult the privacy policy of the services listed.
INTERACTION WITH SOCIAL NETWORKS AND EXTERNAL PLATFORMS
These services allow for interaction to be carried out with social networks or with other external platforms, directly from the pages of this site.
The interactions and information acquired by this site are always subject to privacy settings of the User related to every social network.
If an interaction service with social networks is installed, even if the Users do not use the service, it may still collect traffic details related to the pages in which it is installed.
STATISTICS
The services contained in this section allow this site to monitor and analyse all traffic data and are used to trace User behaviour.
Google Analytics (Google Inc.)
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”).
Google uses the Personal Data
collected with the objective of tracing and examining the use of this Application, drawing up reports and sharing them with other services developed by Google.
Google may use Personal Data to contextualise and personalise the messages of its advertising network.
Personal data collected: Cookies and Dat for use
Location of data handling: USA
Privacy Policy: http://www.google.com/intl/en_ALL/analytics/learn/privacy.html
Opt Out: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
ADVERTISING
We also use third party advertisements on SPACENOAH.COM to support our site.
Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site, which will also send these advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program) information including your IP address, your ISP , the browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed.
This is generally used for geotargeting purposes (showing New York real estate ads to someone in New York, for example) or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited (such as showing cooking ads to someone who frequents cooking sites).
DoubleClick DART cookies
We also may use DART cookies for ad serving through Google’s DoubleClick, which places a cookie on your computer when you are browsing the web and visit a site using DoubleClick advertising (including some Google AdSense advertisements).
This cookie is used to serve ads specific to you and your interests (”interest based targeting”).
The ads served will be targeted based on your previous browsing history (For example, if you have been viewing sites about visiting Las Vegas, you may see Las Vegas hotel advertisements when viewing a non-related site, such as on a site about hockey).
DART uses “non personally identifiable information”.
It does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, telephone number, social security numbers, bank account numbers or credit card numbers.
You can opt-out of this ad serving on all sites using this advertising by visiting http://www.doubleclick.com/privacy/dart_adserving.aspx
Users may also opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
HOW CAN I CHECK THE INSTALLATION OF A COOKIE?
In addition to the indications provided in this document, the User may handle preferences related to Cookies directly within his browser and for example prevent third parties from installing them.
Through the browser preferences, it is also possible to eliminate the Cookies installed in the past, including the Cookie in which consent for the installation of Cookies by this site is saved.
It is important to point out that by blocking all Cookies, operation of this site may be compromised.
How to disable cookies through browser
The User may find information on how to handle the Cookies in his browser at the following addresses:
Mozilla Firefox https://support.mozilla.org/it/kb/Gestione cookie
Google Chrome https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=it
Internet Explorerhttp://windows.microsoft.com/it-it/windows-vista/block-or-allow-cookies
Safari 7.6 Maverickshttps://support.apple.com/kb/PH17191?viewlocale=it_IT&locale=it_IT
Safari 8 Yosemitehttps://support.apple.com/kb/PH19214?viewlocale=it_IT&locale=it_IT
Safari on iPhone, iPad, or iPod touch https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201265
You can choose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security.
However, this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites.
This could include the inability to login to services or programs, such as logging into forums or accounts.
Deleting cookies does not mean you are permanently opted out of any advertising program.
Unless you have settings that disallow cookies, the next time you visit a site running the advertisements, a new cookie will be added.
In the case of services provided by third parties, the User may also exercise his right to object to tracing through the privacy policy of the third party, through the opt out link if specifically supplied or contacting directly the same.
CONTACT
For further questions regarding this privacy policy, please contact us.
This website uses cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic.
Information about your use of this site are shared through cookies with our trusted social media, advertising and analytics partners.
By closing this banner, scrolling this page, clicking on a link or continuing browsing in any other way, you will agree to use of cookies.Accept Read More Privacy & Cookies Policy