https://www.eastbridgehospital.org.uk/information/privacy-policy/
Search our website:
Home » Privacy Policy
Share
Print
Privacy Policy
We are committed to protecting your privacy and keeping your information secure. This policy provides transparent information about the personal information that Eastbridge Hospital collects, and the ways in which Eastbridge Hospital uses that personal information.
In handling your information:
We will ensure your data is protected and your privacy is kept
We will only collect and process your data when necessary
We will not sell, let, or in any way distribute or, make public your personal information
We will never spam you
Eastbridge Hospital processes Personal Data as a Controller, as defined in the Directive and the GDPR.
If you have any questions or concerns, you can email us at clerk@eastbridgehospital.org.uk.
Collecting Personal Information
Eastbridge Hospital may collect and use the following kinds of personal information:
Personal details and contact information
Demographic Information, such as postcode, preferences and interests
Information about your use of this website (including cookies)
Your website interaction information, such as anonymous IP Address, geological location, device and operating system, internet browser type and version, URLs with regards to how you came to this website, your activity on this website and where you exit to
Information that you provide for completing a web form or mailing list subscription on the website
Information about transactions carried out over this website
“Cookies,” which enables the website to remember your information if you return to the site, such as to keep you logged in or to remember your login credentials if you return to the site
And any other information that you send to the company
Using Personal Information
Eastbridge Hospital may use your personal information:
To provide or supply the products/services that you purchase
For internal record keeping and accounting
For the improvement of our products/services
For the transmission by email of promotional materials that may be of interest to you
To contact you for market research purposes which may be done using email, telephone, fax or mail. Such information may be used to customise or update the website
To personalise the website for you
To enable your access to and use of the website services
Google Analytics
Our website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyse how users use the site. For information on what a cookie is, please see below in this policy.
Google Analytics is set to collect data anonymously, with the IP anonymisation configuration setting activate and will not record the full IP address.
Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, please note if you do this you may not be able to use the functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
Software and Third-parties
Eastbridge Hospital will use software and trusted third-parties to fulfil our contractual obligations to you in the performance of our services and completing transactions. By requesting information or delivery of a service and product, we process your data under the lawful basis of contract.
By registering with us, purchasing or requesting a service, you understand and agree that personal information you provide may be held on:
Cognito Forms
Eastbridge Hospital does not sell or rent your personal data to marketers or unaffiliated third parties. We only share your personal data with the following trusted third parties:
Realising Designs Limited
Eastbridge Hospital will ensure they have contracts with them that confirm your data will be processed following GDPR regulations.
Eastbridge Hospital may disclose your personal information to the extent that it is required to do so by law, in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings, and in order to establish, exercise or defend its legal rights.
In the future, we may sell, buy, merge, or partner with other companies or businesses. In such transactions, user information may be among the transferred assets, and we will notify you in advance of such transfer.
Securing your data
Eastbridge Hospital has a Data Governance Policy in operation and will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
Eastbridge Hospital will store all the personal information you provide on its secure servers. We will never provide access to our databases to a non-trusted third party detailed in this policy.
Under the GDPR rulings, we would inform our users within 72 hours if any breach of security occurs that might compromise your data.
How you can restrict or access your Personal Data
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
Whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can leave unchecked to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes.
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by:
writing to Eastbridge Hospital, 25 High Street, Canterbury, Kent, CT1 2BD
emailing us at clerk@eastbridgehospital.org.uk
unsubscribing via the unsubscribe link on a marketing email
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you, by applying in writing to Eastbridge Hospital, 25 High Street, Canterbury, Kent, CT1 2BD or email us at clerk@eastbridgehospital.org.uk.
We will supply this information within 30 days. If any data is incorrect we we will correct it as soon as we receive appropriate notice or evidence from you in writing.
The right to be forgotten
We will retain your personal information only for as long as necessary, whilst retaining legal requirements for maintaining financial records.
You have the right to instruct us to delete all the personal information held. Should you wish to instruct us to delete please do so in writing to Eastbridge Hospital, 25 High Street, Canterbury, Kent, CT1 2BD or by email to clerk@eastbridgehospital.org.uk
Any data no longer required will be deleted or destroyed securely and confidentially.
The right of rectification
We will take all reasonable steps to ensure your personal information is current and accurate. If inaccurate or incomplete data is identified, we will takes steps to correct the data, or remove securely and confidentially.
You have the right to instruct us to remove incomplete personal data held. Should you wish to request incomplete data removal, please do so in writing to Eastbridge Hospital, 25 High Street, Canterbury, Kent, CT1 2BD or by email to clerk@eastbridgehospital.org.uk.
Cookies
What is a ‘cookie’? When you enter a site, your computer will automatically be issued with a cookie. Cookies are text files that identify your computer to our server. Cookies in themselves do not contain any personal identifying information about a visitor or their location. They just identify the computer used. Many sites do this whenever a user visits their site in order to track traffic flows and patterns of behaviour of site visitors.
You can see a schedule of the cookies we use in Schedule A.
Social Media Policy & Usage
We adopt a Social Media Policy to ensure our business and our staff conduct themselves accordingly online. While we may have official profiles on social media platforms users are advised to verify authenticity of such profiles before engaging with, or sharing information with such profiles. We will never ask for user passwords or personal details on social media platforms. Users are advised to conduct themselves appropriately when engaging with us on social media.
There may be instances where our website features social sharing buttons, which help share web content directly from web pages to the respective social media platforms. You use social sharing buttons at your own discretion and accept that doing so may publish content to your social media profile feed or page.
Use of Services by Minors
The Services are not directed to individuals under the age of thirteen (13), and we request that they not provide Personal Data through the Services.
Changes to this policy
Eastbridge Hospital may update this privacy policy by posting a new version on this website. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are familiar with any changes. This policy is effective from 17th May 2018.
Other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Contact Eastbridge Hospital
You can contact us at any point to:
Request access to information that Eastbridge Hospital has about you
Correct any information that Eastbridge Hospital has about you
Request the deletion of information that Eastbridge Hospital has about you
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our treatment of your personal information, please write by email to clerk@eastbridgehospital.org.uk.
Should you feel there may be a problem in how your data has been handled, you should contact Eastbridge Hospital by email to clerk@eastbridgehospital.org.uk. Should you still not be satisfied you have a right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ico.org.uk).
Schedule A – Cookies
Cookie Name
Expiration Time
Description
_ga
2 years
Used to distinguish users
_gid
24 hours
Used to distinguish users
_gat
1 minute
Used to throttle request rate. If Google Analytics is deployed via Google Tag Manager, this cookie will be named _dc_gtm_<property-id>
_dc_gtm_<property-id>
90 days
Contains campaign related information for the user. If you have linked your Google Analytics and AdWords accounts, AdWords website conversion tags will read this cookie unless you opt-out.
360° Tour
EASTBRIDGEHOSPITAL
FRANCISCANGARDENS
GREYFRIARSCHAPEL
© 2020 Eastbridge Hospital. Registered Charity No. 213319.
Website & Branding by Realising Designs. Photos by Sarah D. Andrews.
Home
Explore
What’s On
Award Schemes
News
Gardeners’ Corner
Visit us