http://www.myfashionlife.com/archives/2020/09/19/5-tips-to-help-you-stay-looking-and-feeling-young/
Toggle navigation
LIFE
INTERVIEWS
HEALTH & FITNESS
FOOD & DRINK
Entertaining
Recipes
Restaurant Reviews
TRAVEL
WELLNESS
PARENTING
MONEY
STYLE
BEAUTY
FASHION FIX
CELEBRITY STYLE
DEALS & DISCOUNTS
WEDDINGS
CHRISTMAS GIFT GUIDE
19th September 2020
A lot of different products offer age-defying beauty, but do they really work? While some skin creams and similar products offer temporary results, they won’t leave you looking young for long. They also won’t do anything to help you feel young. That’s why we’ve compiled this list of the top 5 tips to help you stay looking AND feeling young for the long-term!
Stay Hydrated
The “8 glasses of water per day” slogan has been debunked time and time again. The truth is that you only need to drink when you are thirsty and the precise amount varies for each individual. For example, if you run a 10k marathon, you’ll need to drink a lot more water than someone who spent their day sitting in front of a computer.
Either way, you should never keep a glass or bottle of water too far away. Hydrating your body also hydrates your skin, which can help prevent dry, aged-looking skin. It can also ward off wrinkles for longer, though we’re all bound to get wrinkles at some point!
Address Age-Related Health Issues
Sometimes, you may look like a 20-year-old on the outside but feel like an 80-year-old on the inside. It’s all about how you care for your body. There are various health issues that tend to appear as we age, but one of the most common is arthritis.
If you suffer from arthritis, you know that it can make it difficult to manage many physical tasks. So, the best way to deal with arthritis is to cut off the symptoms at the source. For example, if you have trouble walking due to arthritis, consider getting treated with stem cells for knees.
Stack Your Diet With Fruits and Veggies
It’s difficult to eat healthy once you get addicted to soda and junk food. However, we all know that eating fruits and veggies is good for us, so why don’t we just do it? Eating more fruits and veggies is one of the best ways to supply your mind and body with the vitamins and minerals they need. Over time, you’ll notice that your body looks and functions better on a natural diet.
This doesn’t mean that you can only eat salads and fruit. You can add plenty of other items to your diet, just be sure to avoid fried or processed foods. Also, don’t eat too (or drink) much sugar! It’s not good for your heart and it can make you look and feel prematurely old.
Do Low-Impact Exercise
The best type of exercise for you will depend on your age and the current state of your health. For example, if you are young and fit, you can probably handle high-impact exercises; just be careful to avoid injury. Alternatively, if you are beginning to reach middle age, you may want to move toward more low-impact exercises that are focused on cardiovascular health.
Destress as Often as Possible
Stress does untold harm to our minds and bodies. If you work long hours or have a lot of responsibilities in your life, you need to take time off to destress. Everyone does this in different ways. However, one method that is almost universally beneficial is meditation. Meditating for just 10-20 minutes per day can help you feel more centered, calm, and ready to take on anything!
Related posts:
Beginner’s Guide to Getting Fit: 5 Things to Do
Tips for Taking Care of Your Skin During the Summer
How to Prepare Your Skin For Winter
Staying Active Over 55
healthwellness
Share this Facebook| Twitter
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.