http://www.nile-elt.com/privacystatement
Skip to main content
www.nile-elt.com
New Ideas in Language Education
Sign in
Secondary menu
FAQ
Contact Us
HomeCoursesTake Your School OnlineC1 Advanced Preparation (formerly CAE)Prepare Your Students for IELTS  Online Courses MA ProgrammeCambridge DeltaCambridge CELTAFace-to-Face CoursesProfessional Award for Teacher EducatorsTailor-made CoursesCase studiesFree English Classes What is it like to study online?Online Course Taster Payment OptionsEU Funding: Erasmus+  Consultancy worldwideNILE MembershipAbout UsWhat is NILE?Who We Work WithThe NILE-Macmillan Education PartnershipClient ListLanguage Assessment ServicesThe NILE TeamNews & EventsNewsletters Insights: 25 Years in Teacher DevelopmentNorwich - A Fine CityCourse CentresSocial Programme 2020AccommodationBecome a Homestay HostSafeguarding PolicyOnline Safeguarding PolicyFind an AgentEU Funding: Erasmus+Coronavirus Statement
You are hereHome › Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
NILE takes your privacy seriously. This Privacy Policy explains what we do to make as sure as reasonably possible that information about you is kept both secure and confidential. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully, as once you use our website or our services you will be deemed to have read and accepted this Privacy Policy.
You must not use our website or our services if you do not accept this Privacy Policy.
1. The information we collect: We will only collect personal information about you and given by you when you submit an enquiry, brochure request or direct application for a course through one of our webforms, or when you register directly for one of our courses or services. In accordance with the GDPR regulations, we will only collect personal data required for each purpose, and hold these details for a set period of time. We will always let you have a copy of all personal information that we have about you if you request it. Contact registrar@nile-elt.com.
2. Purposes for which we use information about our users: We collect information about our users for a variety of purposes. These include the following:
where users supply data to us in relation to educational services that we offer (for example, to enrol on an NILE course or to obtain information about our educational programmes), data will be processed by us to supply the information requested by our users. Your information is held by NILE in the United Kingdom
so that we can inform our users of new offers, products, and services which may be of interest to them
so that we can send our users news and marketing items which are relevant to their interests to help us improve and personalise the services provided to our users. You can unsubscribe from these emails at any time.
3. Passing on information about you: We will only share your personal information with selected external third parties where necessary, such as:
partner organisations, for example, educational institutions that co-deliver our courses
education counsellors that you have engaged with to act on your behalf;
third party suppliers, service providers and sub-contractors who perform any services for us: for example, payment processing companies who process your payments on our behalf; technology companies whose systems we use; or agencies who provide services to carry out marketing campaigns on our behalf;
third parties with whom we have a duty to disclose, for example, where disclosure is necessary due to a legal process or an enforceable governmental request, such as a request from UK Visas and Immigration; or third parties we need to share your personal information with if we need to protect you or other people from harm; and
third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer or merge part of our business to or with. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them.
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal information and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal information for their own purposes and require them to process your personal information for specified purposes in accordance with our instructions.
4. Security: Keeping information about you secure is very important to us. We use the highest standards of encryption for online transactions involving sensitive data such as credit card details. However, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be totally secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information that you send to us, and you do so at your own risk. NILE will take all reasonable precautions to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of your user data under our control. Only authorized employees and subcontractors will be given access to the information you provide to us.
5. Cookies: This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
6. Transferring your information abroad: Information supplied to us by you will only be transferred abroad by us or our partners for the purpose of performing contractual obligations owed by us to you; for example, to supply an educational agent in your country or region with your information to enable that agent to provide you with services you require.
7. How can you access and update information which we hold about you?
you can request to see the data NILE hold for you by emailing us at registrar@nile-elt.com
you can unsubscribe from NILE communications by emailing us at registrar@nile-elt.com
8. Audio-Visual recordings: From time to time, NILE may take photos or videos for promotional material or social media feeds. These images do not have any contractual value. By enrolling on a NILE course attendees consent to their image being published in such a way. Attendees who do not wish to have their image used in this way should inform the Registrar in writing before or on the first day of their course.
9. Changes to our Privacy Policy: We may update the Privacy Policy from time to time. If we need to make any changes we will post an announcement to this effect on our websites. We will also revise the last updated date at the bottom of the Privacy Policy. If you have any questions relating to this Privacy Policy or how we use the personal information we have about you, please contact registrar@nile-elt.com.
Last updated: October 2018
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
NILE
© Copyright 2020 NILE
Contact Us
Keep in touch
Current Vacancies
Terms & Conditions
Privacy statement
Cookies Policy
Sitemap
English UK
British Council
Eaquals
The Consultants-E
Aqueduto