https://www.fendi.com/us/info/legal-area/cookie-policy
Close
Jump to main content
Privacy PoliciesCookie PolicyTerms and Conditions of SaleWebsite Terms of UseCompliance
Privacy Policies
Cookie Policy
Terms and Conditions of Sale
Website Terms of Use
Compliance
COOKIE POLICY
Regulation (EU) 679/2016 General Data Protection Regulation
Extensive disclosure on cookies
Pursuant to Article 13 of Regulation (EU) 679/2016 General Data Protection Regulation (the “Regulation”) Fendi S.r.l., in its capacity as Data Controller (hereinafter: “FENDI” or “Website Manager”), provides you with the following information concerning the cookies installed on the www.fendi.com website (hereinafter, the Website).
What are cookies
Cookies are text files sent by a web server (namely, the computer that “hosts” the visited website) to the user’s browser (Internet Explorer, Firefox, Google Chrome, etc.) and stored on the device, either fixed or mobile (computer, smartphone, tablet), used by the user for browsing. Cookies allow the Website to identify the user’s device through the stored information each time the user reconnects itself to the Website through that device.
By using cookies, it is possible to make it easier for the user to browse the Website and to analyse their preferences and tastes by checking their browsing history, and consequently to offer products and provide services more consistent with the interests and expectations of said user.
Cookies may be “session cookies” (when they are stored only for the duration of the browsing session and are cancelled when the session is closed), or “permanent cookies” (that are stored for longer periods, until their expiry or cancellation by the user). Further, cookies may be installed by the website the user is visiting (so-called first party cookies) or may be installed by other websites (so-called third party cookies).
Cookies do not collect direct personal data information concerning the user. In fact, Fendi cannot, by means of cookies, directly obtain any personal data information (e.g. name, surname), unless expressly provided by the client.
Cookies used by FENDI
Browsing or session technical cookies
FENDI uses browsing or session technical cookies to allow normal and efficient browsing and use of the Website. For instance, such cookies allow you to purchase or, if you are a registered user, to authenticate access to the Website’s reserved areas.
Such cookies do not require the prior and express consent of the user since they are closely linked to the provision of the service requested by the user of the Website.
Operation technical cookies
FENDI uses operation technical cookies that allow you to browse according to the criteria selected by you (for instance, the language or products that you selected for purchasing purposes) in order to improve the services provided by the Website. Within the Website, such cookies allow, in accordance with your express selection, for you to be identified in future accesses; or, if you have added one or more items in the shopping bag and closed the session before completing purchase without deleting them, such cookies allow you to continue shopping during your next access to the Website (within a limited period) recovering the selected items. Operation cookies are also necessary to the functioning of the Website’s live-chat feature enabling you to speak directly with in-store staff for real-time advice, recommendations and store availability. Operation cookies are not indispensable for the Website to function, but they improve browsing quality and experience.
Such cookies do not require the prior and express consent of the user since they are closely linked to the provision of the service requested by the user of the Website.
Analytical cookies
FENDI, in its capacity as manager of the Website, uses third parties’ analytical cookies to collect information on the Website used by the users (number of visitors, visited pages, permanence on the Website, etc.) to prepare statistical analysis, on an aggregated basis, on the number of users and on how users browse our Website. To use such cookies, criteria for masking the source of the IP address have been adopted.
Such cookies do not require the prior and express consent of the user since they are closely linked to the provision of the service requested by the user of the Website.
Third party profiling cookies
FENDI uses third party profiling cookies (namely cookies that are issued and managed by parties other than FENDI) to send advertising messages in line with the preferences manifested by the user while browsing.
This category of cookies includes third party social media cookies that allow information on the user’s social network use to be collected.
The use of such cookies requires the express and informed consent of the user.
Further information and links to policies and third party consent forms
FOR GOOGLE:
The Google Privacy Policy is available at the following url:
https://www.google.de/intl/it/policies/privacy/
You can disable the Google Analytics cookies by downloading a specific browser plug-in at the following url:https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
DOUBLE CLICK:
The Double Click (Google Adsense) privacy policy, the cookies’ usage, as well as advertising management are available at the following links:
https://www.google.com/intl/it/policies/privacy/
https://www.google.com/intl/it/policies/technologies/
It is possible to download a Browser plug-in to permanently block Double Click cookies at the following link:
https://www.google.com/settings/ads/plugin
AMNET
Amnet is managed by Amnet Italia Srl, in respect of which, we invite you to consult the related privacy policy and the related usage purposes, operational methods and procedures to refuse the installation of the relevant cookies at the address: http://www.amnetgroup.com/terms-and-privacy/
HERO
FENDI uses HERO for live-chat customer support.  We invite you to consult the related privacy policy at the address: https://www.usehero.com/privacy/
Management of cookie preferences
Upon accessing any page of the Website, a banner including some brief information on the cookies used by FENDI is displayed. By providing your authorisation through the banner, you consent to the use of profiling cookies.
Please note that your consent will be required only upon your first access to the Website: afterwards, due to the use of a technical cookie, we will store your consent to allow you to directly access the Website pages on your return (without prejudice to your right to disable/enable the cookies or to delete them at any time: in this case, on your return, the Website will require your consent once more).
You can, in any event, change and manage your cookie preferences by accepting or rejecting the cookies that you prefer by clicking on the “Settings” button in the dedicated banner.
You can also discover information and learn about the methods for disabling third party cookies by clicking on the links in paragraph 3. “Further information and links to policies and third party consent forms” above. However, following this operation, some of the functions of the website pages may not operate correctly.
** *** **
Cookie Settings
Back to top