http://www.bavc.org/privacy
Skip to main content
Menu
Privacy
Your privacy is important to us, so the Bay Area Video Coalition (“BAVC”) has created this Privacy Policy to let you know what information we collect when you visit our site and access our services, why we collect it and how it is used. This Privacy Policy also addresses the information we collect from BAVC Members and SF Commons participants. Please read the following carefully. If you have any questions or concerns, please send us an email.
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, the terms “you,” “your,” and “yours” refer to the Member, Producer, or other persons utilizing our site and services. The terms “BAVC,” “we,” “us,” and “our” refer to the Bay Area Video Coalition, its subsidiaries and affiliates. By using this web site and accessing our services, you consent to the data practices prescribed in this statement. We may periodically make changes to this Privacy Policy that we will include on this page. It is your responsibility to review this Privacy Policy frequently and remain informed about any changes to it, so we encourage you to visit this page often.
1. WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DOES BAVC COLLECT? HOW IS THIS INFORMATION USED?
BAVC may collect the following Personally Identifiable Information from you when you use our site and services. “Personally Identifiable Information” means any information that may be used to identify an individual, including, but not limited to, a first and last name, home or other physical address, an email address, phone number or other contact information, whether at work or at home.
Information from Online Visitors
BAVC does not collect Personally Identifiable Information from our online visitors other than what is supplied to us on a voluntary basis. You can browse our site without being required to divulge any Personally Identifiably Information to us. Although we collect and maintain aggregate information about usage and visitors browsing our Website, no Personally Identifiably Information is collected as part of this process.
Visitors to the BAVC website may choose to provide us with Personally Identifiable Information in connection with (i) applications for grants and limited access programs; (ii) subscription registration for sites or services which require subscription (such as email newsletters); (iii) requests for membership and membership information; (iv) e-commerce transactions; (v) content submissions; (vi) community postings (i.e., forums or bulletin boards); (vii) comments and suggestions; and (viii) surveys and voting. BAVC may use the Personally Identifiable Information it collects only for conducting the activities disclosed at the time the information was collected and for BAVC’s internal marketing and promotional purposes.
BAVC also automatically receives and records information on our server logs when users access our site, including IP address, cookie information and the page requested. We collect this information to support the functioning of our site, to analyze user experiences on our websites and to improve the structure and ease of use of our websites. We do not use this data to track any personal information. You can choose not to provide us with certain information, but some features of our site may not function properly without the information.
Information from BAVC Members
Many BAVC Members visit BAVC’s website from time to time. Please also review the provisions of this policy related to online visitors. In addition, persons who choose to become BAVC Members provide us with Personally Identifiable Information in connection with their Memberships. This information may include a Member’s name, mailing address, phone number, age, birthday and email, along with a record of the BAVC services the Member may have accessed. BAVC regularly contacts its Members to carry out BAVC’s necessary and normal operations, including but not limited to processing Membership records, providing services to Members, and communicating with Members about BAVC news, events and opportunities. Except as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy, BAVC will never willfully disclose any Personally Identifiable Information about our Membership to any third party without first receiving the Member’s permission.
Members may also choose to provide BAVC with information about their ethnicity, gender, age, education, family size and general household financial circumstances. At the disclosing Member’s request, BAVC may use this information to evaluate the Member’s eligibility for discounts, benefits and additional services. In addition, BAVC may use this information to compile data about the communities we serve. BAVC may report compiled data and discuss our analysis of the data with BAVC stakeholders, funders and Members, along with various city, state and federal agencies.
Information from SF Commons Participants
All persons using the SF Commons facilities must be BAVC Members. Please review the provisions of this policy related to BAVC Members and online visitors.
In addition to the information we collect from BAVC Members, we collect supplemental Personally Identifiable Information from SF Commons participants, such as a copy of the participant’s driver’s license, state issued identification card or other proof of residency. We use this information to confirm the eligibility of SF Commons participants to make use of our residency-restricted services.
SF Commons participants who submit programs to be broadcast on public access channels must provide Public Contact Information. “Public Contact Information” means a valid email address, mailing address or phone number through which the public may communicate with you about the programs you submit to public access channels. BAVC will freely provide your Public Contact Information to any member of the public upon their request. Your Public Contact Information may be different from other Personally Identifiable Information BAVC collects in connection with your use of this Site or other BAVC services.
2. THE SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.
Except as otherwise disclosed in this Privacy Policy, BAVC does not rent, sell or share personal information it collects about its site visitors, BAVC members or SF Commons participants with third parties for promotional purposes.
BAVC protects Personally Identifiable Information and strictly limits access to that information. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy and ensure the correct usage of Personally Identifiable Information, BAVC uses commercially reasonable efforts to monitor and adjust our physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the Personally Identifiable Information we collect. We prohibit our employees, contractors and agents from accessing Personally Identifiable Information except as necessary to perform their job duties. Any person found violating our standards of security and confidentiality is subject to our disciplinary processes.
BAVC maintains most of the Personally Identifiable Information it collects in electronic formats. We have a contract with trusted third party provider Salesforce.com to digitally store and manage the information we collect and facilitate our communications with site visitors, Members and SF Commons participants. Salesforce.com maintains industry standard security protocols and data encryption techniques to protect your information. Access to these databases is restricted to BAVC staff, consultants and contractors who require access to the information to perform their particular job duties.
Finally, BAVC may disclose personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (1) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on BAVC; (2) protect and defend BAVC’s rights or property; or (3) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of the BAVC community or the public. If BAVC should ever file for bankruptcy or merge with another entity, we may share your Personally Identifiable Information with the entity with whom we merge.
3. YOUR CONSENT TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
By using this site and accessing our services, you signify your agreement to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use the site or access our services. We may change, modify, add or remove portions of this policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for any changes. Your continued use of the BAVC’s site and access of BAVC services following the posting of any changes to these terms shall mean that you have accepted those changes.
4. CONTACTING BAVC
If you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or your Personally Identifiably Information, please email us. You may also write to us at Privacy, Bay Area Video Coalition, 2727 Mariposa Street, 2nd Floor, San Francisco, California 94110.