https://www.chadmirand.com/cookie-policy
Home
Bio
Blog
Historical
Historical Irish Western Series
The Marshal’s Destiny
The Rancher’s Heart
Pearl’s Redemption
A Gift From Home
For Love of Flynn
Boxed Set (ebook)
The Irish Westerns, Vol. 1
The Irish Westerns, Vol. 2
Mo Ghrá Mo Chroí Go Deo
The Lord of Merewood Keep
The Saxon Bride
A Scot’s Honor
Mo Ghra Mo Chroi Go Deo Boxed Set
The Lords of Vice Series
Mending the Duke’s Pride
Avoiding the Earl’s Lust
Tempering the Viscount’s Envy
Redirecting the Baron’s Greed
The Three Vices Trilogy
Patience
Sweet Regency-Era Romance
The Lady and The Rake
Printable Booklist
Contemporary
Sweet Contemporary Irish Western Series
Claddagh Ranch
A Second Chance For Justiss
Small Town USA (Apple Grove) Series
A Wedding in Apple Grove
One Day in Apple Grove
Welcome Back to Apple Grove
Love at the Las Vegas Bake-Off
Christmas Comes to Apple Grove
The Secret Life of Cowboys
Tyler
Dylan
Jesse
Boxed Set
Sweet Romances
Rainbow of Destiny (Paranormal)
So Others May Live (Military)
C.M.C. Dobbs Books
Printable Booklist
Other Books
A Taste of Gratitude & Joy
Jameson the Rescue Dog Adventures
Appearances
Contact
Newsletter Signup
Follow
Keep in contact through the following social networks or via RSS feed:
Join My Newsletter
Cookie Policy
*Updated January 24, 2019*
What cookies does CHAdmirand.com use?
Cookies remind websites of visitors’ preferences (re: passwords, display, language, etc.) for a period of time so that you don’t have to re-enter them every time you visit a particular website. You can manage your cookies in your browser settings on your computer.
This website places cookies when visiting the site pages to enhance your viewing. You can either accept or decline all cookies except the ones necessary to this website’s function and special features. These cookies do not store any personal information and expire after 30 days, or when you clear the cache out of your browser.
Please note that sometimes blocking cookies may affect aspects of the website you are viewing. For more info about cookies visit: http://www.allaboutcookies.org
If you visit my website via your smart phone a cookie is only placed if you choose to go to the desktop for this website. No personal information is stored, and the cookie expires when you close your browser, or clear your browser cache.
For your information, some booksellers (i.e., Amazon, B&N, Kobo, etc.), and Social Networks (i.e., Facebook, Twitter, etc.) will place cookies when you visit this website. Please note that if you use social media buttons to share any information on this website, (i.e., Facebook, Twitter, etc.), these sites most likely collect information about your online activities.
This website does not have any control over how those cookies are placed or their function. Please review the privacy policies for these social networks pages:
Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
Twitter: http://twitter.com/privacy
YouTube: http://www.youtube.com/static?hl=en&template=privacy
LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/static?key=privacy_policy
Google: https://policies.google.com
Please remember, that most browsers allow you to set your cookie information preferences.
For information about cookies visit:  https://www.lifewire.com/web-browser-cookies-3483129
Additional cookie information visit: https://www.lifewire.com/how-to-delete-cookies-2617981  https://www.lifewire.com/enable-cookies-in-web-browser-4154881
NOTE: This website’s current cookie policy may change due to updates where necessary, so please do check back to see if there has been an update.
Where to Buy
United States
United Kingdom
Canada
Newsletter SignupStay informed of the latest information about my books, new and upcoming, and other general news by joining my newsletter!
Stay Informed
Where to Buy C.H. Admirand's Books United States United Kingdom Canada
Copyright © 2020 C.H. Admirand | An Austin DesignWorks Production
Privacy PolicyCookie Policy
This website uses cookies for a better browsing experience and to analyze site traffic (anonymous IPs) to improve site performance. Find out more about how cookies are used on this site and how you can manage cookies in your browser by reading the Cookie PolicyAcceptDecline
Accept