https://www.hubbardstreetdance.com/privacy/
Privacy & Terms
Hubbard Street Dance Chicago respects your privacy. We will only collect, store and use your personal information for defined purposes. These defined purposes are to support and enhance our relationship with you.
Information Collected:
For each visitor to our website, our web server automatically recognizes only the consumer's domain name (where possible), but not the e-mail address. Our web site may collect the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit including, but not limited to, IP address, referring domain, browser type, access date and time. Additional information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations may also be collected.
The information we collect is used to:• Improve the content of our web pages• Customize the content and/or layout of our page for each individual visitor• Notify consumers about updates to our Web site
The information automatically collected by our Web server is not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes.
Cookies:
A cookie is a small text file that is created on the computer's hard drive that gives that user a unique, random ID. This ID enables the website to readily recognize each visitor on a subsequent visit to the site. For example, a cookie may indicate the preferences selected by a visitor on a prior visit and facilitate more efficient browsing on subsequent visits.
With respect to cookies, we use cookies to:• Store visitor's preferences• Record session information, such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart• Record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit• Record past activity at a site in order to provide better service when visitors return to our site• Customize Web page content based on visitors' browser type or other information that the visitor sends
Use of information:
Email Addresses:
Hubbard Street Dance Chicago will not trade or sell your email address to any other business or organization.
Typically, e-mail addresses provided to our website are only used for:• Contacting a customer about an order or charitable contribution• Contacting a customer about performance or event information• Providing a customer with requested information.• Subscription to our e-mail newsletter
If you do not want to receive e-mails from us in the future please let us know by sending an e-mail to general@hubbardstreetdance.com and provide us with the following: Name, Subscriber I.D. (if applicable) and Address.
Postal addresses:
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new productions, discount offers or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings please let us know by e-mailing us at general@hubbardstreetdance.com. From time to time, we make our customer postal address available to other local reputable arts organizations and/or non-profit organizations whose products or services we think you might find interesting. If you do not want us to share your mailing address with other companies or organizations, please let us know by e-mailing us at general@hubbardstreetdance.com or writing to the address provided at the top of this page. Please provide us with your exact name and address in the e-mail and we will be sure to remove your name from the list that we share with other organizations.
Telephone numbers:
We will NOT share your telephone number with any other organizations. Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers online may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed online, in the event of a performance change, with information regarding new productions, discount offers, or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such telephone calls please let us know by e-mailing us at general@hubbardstreetdance.com.
Security:
With respect to security: When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial information, we redirect visitors to a secure server. All sensitive information is transferred using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) connections.
Link-Exchange Policy:
Hubbard Street Dance Chicago is pleased to have you link from your web site to the Hubbard Street Dance Chicago Web site, located at www.hubbardstreetdance.com, provided you follow the guidelines listed below.
You may only identify Hubbard Street Dance Chicago in one of the following ways:• by name: Hubbard Street Dance Chicago• by URL: www.hubbardstreetdance.com
You may not list Hubbard Street Dance Chicago's name, or any variation thereof, in a false, disparaging, unsuitable, or otherwise unfavorable light. You agree to remove your link upon reasonable request of Hubbard Street Dance Chicago.
You may not import or capture any image or other material on Hubbard Street Dance Chicago's web site without obtaining prior written permission from Hubbard Street Dance Chicago or other applicable third-party rights holder.
Hubbard Street Dance Chicago has no obligation to link from its web site to your web site or to provide any reciprocal service of any kind.
Fair Use:
You may use this web site for limited noncommercial, educational, and personal use only, or for "fair use" as authorized in the United States copyright laws, and provided further that you also retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained on the materials and cite the author and source of the materials. Anyone wishing to use the materials from this web site for purposes other than as authorized above must obtain prior written approval. Permission for such use may be granted on a case-by-case basis at the sole discretion of Hubbard Street Dance Chicago or the appropriate rights holder. A usage fee may be charged depending on the nature of the proposed use.
Third-Party Sites:
Hubbard Street Dance Chicago has not reviewed all of the sites linked to this web site and has no control over and is not responsible for the content or privacy policies of any off-site pages or other sites linked to the site. Any web sites linked to or from the site (regardless of whether they are affiliated with Hubbard Street Dance Chicago) are for your convenience only, and you access them at your own risk. Any information that you may provide to such third party sites are at your own risk.
Disclaimer of Warranties:
Hubbard Street Dance Chicago assumes no liability for any errors or omissions in the content of the web site. We are engaged in an ongoing process of updating and revising the materials on this Site and reserve the right to withdraw any image, text, or data from the Site at our sole discretion at any time. In the event that the site is unavailable, either on a temporary or permanent basis, Hubbard Street Dance Chicago assumes no liability for any losses that may occur to you or any third party arising out of the unavailability of the site.
Hubbard Street Dance Chicago assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable for, any damages to, or viruses that may infect, your computer equipment or other property on account of your use of the site or your downloading of any materials from the site.
Other Information:
With respect to Ad Servers: Hubbard Street Dance Chicago does NOT partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
Upon request we can provide site visitors with access to a description of the information that we maintain about them. Consumers can access this information by writing to us at the above address.
Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information. Consumers can have this information corrected by e-mailing us at general@hubbardstreetdance.com.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future, we will post the policy changes to our web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. In this event, customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by calling us at 312-850-9744. If you are concerned about how your information is used; you should check this privacy policy statement periodically.
This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Hubbard Street Dance Chicago does not own or control.
Home
Privacy