http://www.wgvu.org/about/privacy-policies/
WGVU.ORG PRIVACY POLICYNothing is more important to us than protecting the private information of our visitors. The wgvu.org web site adheres to a strict policy for ensuring the privacy of your—and your children's—personally identifiable information (such as full name, address, e-mail address, telephone number and/or other identifiable information) and preserving the integrity of this online medium.WGVU Public Media does not disclose any donor information to third parties for their use. This includes, but is not limited to the selling of donor lists for any use. WGVU Public Media protects the privacy of our donor information as a top priority. We are committed to adhering to the Grand Valley State University donor privacy policies.Gathering and Use of InformationWe will not collect personally identifiable information from you, other than what you supply to us on a voluntary basis.In order to participate in some activities, you might be asked to provide some personally identifiable information. This could be in connection with the following:* contest or sweepstakes registration* subscription registration for sites or services which require subscription (such as e-mail newsletters)* requests for membership information to local television stations* transactions in wgvu.org online store* content submissions, community postings (i.e., forums or bulletin boards), comments and suggestions, or votingWGVU Online will not willfully disclose your personal information to any third party without first receiving your permission.wgvu.org may use your personally identifiable information for activities explained above, for internal and marketing promotional purposes, or when wgvu.org online store customer mailing lists are made available to carefully screened companies whose products or services might interest individuals who have shopped on the PBS web site (this is the only case where such information is provided to third parties, at your approval).We will always explain the extent of its use at the time you are asked to provide personal information. If you do not want this information to be collected or used by us for these purposes, you can simply "opt out." Under certain circumstances, opting out may prevent your participation in activities for which personal information is needed, as in contests.PBS Kids Privacy PolicyBecause PBS Kids speaks to a special audience, web sites that provide components for children must follow additional guidelines above and beyond the wgvu.org policies. For complete guidelines on information collection and sponsorship, please visit the PBS Kids Privacy Policy.Acceptance of wgvu.org Privacy Policy Terms and ConditionsBy using this site, you signify your agreement to the terms and conditions of this wgvu.org Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use the site. We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for any changes. Your continued use of wgvu.org following the posting of any changes to these terms shall mean that you have accepted those changes. If you have any questions or concerns, please e-mail us at feedback@wgvu.org.