http://www.citysearch.com/aboutcitysearch/users/privacy_policy
Go
Sign In
Explore
World
CityGrid™ Website
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: December 20, 2019
Summary
Thank you for visiting the CityGrid™ websites located at www.citysearch.com, www.insiderpages.com and www.citygrid.com (each individually referred to as the “Site”). The Site is an Internet property of CityGrid Media LLC (“CityGrid Media™,” “we” or “us”). The following CityGrid™ Website Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) sets forth our policy with respect to the collection, storage and use of your personal information and other information that we collect from you. Please note, if you are a resident of a European Union Member State (“EU Resident”), you are not permitted to use the Site and/or CityGrid™Offerings (as defined below).
Users with disabilities who wish to access this Privacy Policy in an alternative format can contact us via contact form here; by calling us at: (877) 913-5622; or by sending us mail to: CityGrid Media | P.O. Box 495 | Dresher, PA | 19425.
Background
You agree to this Privacy Policy, in its entirety, when you: (a) access the Site; (b) utilize the Site’s search directory (“Directory Service”) in order to obtain Listings regarding a variety of businesses, professionals, venues, products and/or services (collectively, “Third Party Offerings”) as offered and provided by the third party business entities and professionals featured on the Site (collectively, “Third Party Service Providers”); (c) access articles, discussions, feedback or any other content on the Site (collectively, “Content”); (d) utilize the Site’s interactive features including, but not limited to, blogs, comment sections, reviews and question and answer options located in designated areas of the Site (collectively, “Interactive Services”); (e) register to submit a free Listing of your Third Party Offerings; (f) register for Paid Advertiser Services in connection with promoting your Third Party Offerings as an Advertiser; and/or (g) access links to our social media pages on third party social media websites, such as FacebookÂ® and TwitterÂ® (“Social Media Pages,” and together with the Site, Directory Services, Listings, Content, Interactive Services, Paid Advertiser Services and Social Media Pages, the “CityGrid™ Offerings”).
Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning set forth in the Site’s Terms and Conditions (“Terms and Conditions”).
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY IN ITS ENTIRETY, YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR OTHERWISE USE THE CityGrid™ OFFERINGS.
Your California Privacy Rights
Shine the Light. If you are a resident of the State of California and would like to know how your “personal information” (as defined in the Shine the Light Law, Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.83) is shared with third parties, what categories of personal information that we have shared with third parties in the preceding year, as well as the names and addresses of those third parties, please contact us at: via contact form here or CityGrid Media | P.O. Box 495 | Dresher, PA | 19425, Phone: 877-913-5622.
Further, if you are a resident of the State of California and would like to opt-out from the disclosure of your personal information to any third party for marketing purposes, please contact us at: via contact form here or CityGrid Media | P.O. Box 495 | Dresher, PA | 19425, Phone: 877-913-5622. Please be advised that where California State residents opt-out from permitting their personal information to be shared, such individuals may still receive selected offers directly from us, in accordance with applicable law.
California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”). In addition to the foregoing, if you are a resident of the State of California certain other privacy-related rights may apply to you in accordance with the CCPA, including the right to opt-out of our sale of your personal information, as well as the right to know what personal information about you we have collected, whether your personal information was shared with third-parties in the preceding year and, if so, what categories of personal information were shared, as well as the categories of third parties with whom we shared that personal information. Please see our “Provisions for California Residents” below for a more complete description of your rights under the CCPA as a California resident.
Privacy Policy Quick Links
Below are links to key sections of our Privacy Policy:
Your Nevada Privacy Rights
Personally Identifiable Information We Collect
Consent to Call Recording
Use and Sharing of Personally Identifiable Information
Non-Personal Information Collection and Use
Behavioral Tracking/Do Not Track
Security of Your Personal Information
Children’s Privacy
Opt-Out/Unsubscribe
Deleting, Modifying and Updating Your Information
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Your Nevada Privacy Rights
If you are a resident of the State of Nevada and would like to opt-out from the disclosure of your personal information to any third party data broker, please contact us at: via contact form here or CityGrid Media | P.O. Box 495 | Dresher, PA | 19425, Phone: 877-913-5622.
Personally Identifiable Information We Collect
Please see our Provisions for California Residents below for additional details regarding the categories of personal information collected.
We collect your personally identifiable information when you register on the Site in order to utilize the various CityGrid™ Offerings.We may also collect your personally identifiable information when you otherwise agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, but do not complete the applicable registration process in full.
The personally identifiable information that you must provide on the applicable Site Forms and/or in connection with your request for CityGrid™ Offerings may include, depending on the applicable CityGrid™ Offerings requested, all or some of the following: (a) your first and last name; (b) your e-mail address; (c) your primary telephone number; (d) your credit card information; (e) the category applicable to your inquiry (where searching for a Listing); (f) your company name; (g) your company’s address; (h) your business telephone number; (i) categories that apply to your company’s business practice, if applicable; (j) at your option, your mobile telephone number; (k) at your option, your business profile and link to your company’s website; and/or (l) any other information requested on the applicable Site Form. For purposes of this Privacy Policy, item (d) in the preceding sentence shall be considered “Sensitive Information.”
Consent to Call Recording
From time to time, when you call us, when we call you, or when we forward calls between users and thirty party businesses, we may record those calls for quality assurance and customer satisfaction purposes. We will notify you at the beginning of any and all calls that we record.
Use and Sharing of Personally Identifiable Information
Please see our Provisions for California Residents below for additional details regarding how we use the personal information collected.
Other than as expressly provided for hereunder, CityGrid™ will never sell, rent, exchange or barter your personal information to or with any third party for financial gain or marketing purposes. By submitting your personal information on the Site, you agree that we may share such personal information (other than your Sensitive Information) with Third Party Service Providers that you request to be contacted by in order to complete your request for Third Party Offerings, and that the Third Party Service Providers may use such personal information for any lawful purposes, subject to any restrictions contained herein. Any information that you supply to any Third Party Service Provider shall be governed by the applicable Third Party Service Provider’s privacy policy. Please be advised that CityGrid™ does not itself provide Third Party Offerings, or any other related products and/or services. The ultimate terms and conditions of any Third Party Offerings provided by any Third Party Service Providers will be determined by those Third Party Service Providers.
Where you register to access any of the CityGrid™ Offerings, we use the personal information that you make available to personalize your experience with the Site, facilitate the provision of the applicable CityGrid™ Offerings to you and for verification purposes. You also agree that we may contact you at any time, via e-mail or other means: (a) with updates and/or any other information that we may deem appropriate for you to receive in connection with your continued use of the CityGrid™ Offerings; and (b) with information regarding third party products, services, offers and/or promotions that we think might be of interest to you. If you wish to stop receiving future communications from us, please see the Opt-Out/Unsubscribe section below.
By submitting your personal information in connection with the CityGrid™ Offerings, you agree that such act constitutes an inquiry and/or application for purposes of the Amended Telemarketing Sales Rule (16 CFR §310 et seq.), as amended from time to time (the “Rule”) and applicable state do-not-call regulations. As such, notwithstanding that your telephone number may be listed on the Federal Trade Commission’s Do-Not-Call List, and/or on applicable state do-not-call lists, we retain the right to contact you via telemarketing in accordance with the Rule and applicable state do-not-call regulations.
In addition, where you provide “express written consent” within the meaning of the Telephone Consumer Protection Act (47 USC § 227), and its implementing regulations adopted by the Federal Communications Commission (47 CFR § 64.1200), as amended from time-to-time (“TCPA”), you consent to receive telephone calls from CityGrid™ and any designated Third Party Service Provider(s), including artificial voice and pre-recorded messages and/or calls (including SMS text messages) delivered via automated technology, to the telephone number(s) that you provided. Please note that you are not required to provide this consent in order to obtain access to the CityGrid™ Offerings, and your consent simply allows CityGrid™, as well as the designated Third-Party Service Provider(s), to contact you via these means. Please be advised that by agreeing to this Privacy Policy, you are obligated to immediately inform us if and when the telephone number that you have previously provided to us changes. Without limiting the foregoing, if you: (i) have your telephone number reassigned to another person or entity; (ii) give up your telephone number so that it is no longer used by you; (iii) port your telephone number to a landline or vice versa; or (iv) otherwise stop using that telephone number for any reason (collectively “Phone Number Change”), you agree that you shall promptly notify CityGrid™of the Phone Number Change via e-mail at: customerservice@citygridmedia.com. We may also employ other companies and individuals to perform certain functions on our behalf. Examples include sending direct and electronic mail, removing duplicate information from user lists, analyzing data and providing marketing analysis. The agents performing these limited functions on our behalf shall have access to our users’ personal information as needed to perform their functions for us, but we do not permit them to use your personal information for other purposes.
We will also use your personal information for customer service, to provide you with information that you may request, to customize your experience on the Site and/or to contact you when necessary in connection with transactions entered into by you on the Site. We may also use your personal information for internal business purposes, such as analyzing and managing our business. We may also combine the information we have gathered about you with information from other sources.
We also reserve the right to release current or past user information: (A) in the event that we believe that the user is using, or has used, the CityGrid™ Offerings to commit unlawful acts and/or in violation of the Terms and Conditions, this Privacy Policy or any other of our operating rules, policies, price schedules and other supplemental terms and conditions or documents that may be published by us from time to time; (B) if the information is subpoenaed;provided, however, that, where permitted by applicable law, we shall provide you with e-mail notice, and opportunity to challenge the subpoena, prior to disclosure of any personal information pursuant to a subpoena; or (C) if we are sold, merge with a third party or are acquired;provided, however, that if CityGrid™ is involved in a merger, acquisition or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on the Site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices that you may have regarding your personal information. Moreover, you hereby consent to disclosure of any record or communication to any third-party when CityGrid™, in its sole discretion, determines the disclosure to be appropriate including, without limitation, sharing your e-mail address with other third-parties for suppression purposes in compliance with the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003, as amended from time to time.
Non-Personal Information Collection and Use
Please see our Provisions for California Residents below for additional details regarding how we collect and share your non-personal information.
IP Addresses/Browser Type
We may collect certain non-personally identifiable information about you when you visit many of the pages of the Site. This non-personally identifiable information includes, without limitation, the type of browser that you use (e.g., Internet Explorer, Chrome, Safari), your IP address, the type of operating system that you use (e.g., Windows or Mac OS) and the domain name of your Internet service provider (e.g., Verizon, AT&T). We use the non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the design and content of the CityGrid™ Offerings and to enable us to personalize your Internet experience. We also may use this information in the aggregate to analyze CityGrid™ Offerings usage, as well as to offer you products and services.
Cookies
When an end-user visits the Site, we send one (1) or more cookies and/or gif files (collectively, “Cookies”) to assign an anonymous, unique identifier to the applicable end-user’s computer or other device. A Cookie is a piece of data stored on your hard drive containing non-personally identifiable information about you. Cookies have many benefits to enhance your experience at the Site. To find out more about Cookies, please visit www.cookiecentral.com. We use Cookies to improve the quality of the Site, including for storing user preferences, and tracking Site-user trends (such as pages opened and length of stay at the Site).
Most Internet browsers are initially set up to accept Cookies, but you can reset your browser to refuse all Cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. To disable and reject certain Cookies, follow the instructions associated with your Internet browser. Even in the case where a user rejects a Cookie, he or she may still use the CityGrid™ Offerings. We reserve the right to retain Cookie data indefinitely.
Behavioral Tracking/Do Not Track
As a general rule, other than as set forth below, neither CityGrid™, nor any third parties, track the activity of Site Users in connection with the Site. However, when an Advertiser is logged into its account, we track changes in such Advertiser’s status and updates to its profile. We may use this activity data to target those Advertisers with more specific marketing messages. In addition, when an Advertiser opens or clicks on links in email marketing messages from us, we record that information and may use it to refine subsequent marketing messages. This tracking will usually occur even where the applicable Advertiser has selected the “do-not-track” option on its Internet browser.
We use Google Analytics on the Site, as well as a conversion rate optimization platform called Visual Website Optimizer. These platforms do not record personal information of Site Users, but aggregate information and activity only.
Cross Device Tracking
CityGrid™ does not track Site Users’ use of the CityGrid™ Offerings across multiple devices, including personal computers and mobile devices.
Other Websites
The Site may contain links to third-party owned and/or operated websites including, without limitation, websites owned and/or operated by our Third Party Service Providers. CityGrid™ is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. In some cases, you may be able to make a purchase through one of their third-party websites. In these instances, you may be required to provide certain information, such as a credit card number, to register or complete a transaction at such website. These third-party websites have separate privacy and data collection practices and CityGrid™ has no responsibility or liability relating to them.
Security of Your Personal Information
We endeavor to safeguard and protect our users’ personal information. When users make personal information available to us, their personal information is protected both online and offline (to the extent that we maintain any personal information offline). The privacy of your personal information is very important to us. When our registration process asks users to submit Sensitive Information (such as credit card information), and when we transmit such Sensitive Information, that Sensitive Information is encrypted and is protected with Transport Layer Security (“TLS”) encryption software.
Access to your personal information is strictly limited, and we take reasonable measures to ensure that your personal information is not accessible to the public. The servers that we store personal information on are kept in a secure physical environment. We also have security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of personal information under our control. Please be advised, however, that while we take every reasonable precaution available to protect your data, no storage facility, technology, software, security protocols or data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
Computer hackers that circumvent our security measures may gain access to certain portions of your personal information, and technological bugs, errors and glitches may cause inadvertent disclosures of your personal information; provided, however, that any attempt to breach the security of the network, our servers, databases or other hardware or software may constitute a crime punishable by law. For the reasons mentioned above, we cannot warrant that your personal information will be absolutely secure. Any transmission of data at or through the Site is at your own risk.
All of our users’ personal information is restricted in our offices. Only employees or third party agents who need personal information to perform a specific job are granted access to personal information. Our employees are dedicated to ensuring the security and privacy of all user personal information. Employees not adhering to our firm policies are subject to disciplinary action. In compliance with applicable federal and state laws, we shall notify you and any applicable regulatory agencies in the event that we learn of an information security breach with respect to your personal information. You will be notified via e-mail in the event of such a breach. Please be advised that notice may be delayed in order to address the needs of law enforcement, determine the scope of network damage, and to engage in remedial measures.
Children’s Privacy
Visitors under eighteen (18) years of age are not permitted to use and/or submit their personal information at the Site. CityGrid™ does not knowingly solicit or collect information from visitors under eighteen (18) years of age. CityGrid™ encourages parents and guardians to spend time online with their children and to participate and monitor the interactive activities of their children.
Opt-Out/Unsubscribe
Please see our Provisions for California Residents below for additional details regarding how California State residents can opt-out from the sale of their personal information.
To opt-out of receiving e-mail advertising, SMS text-based marketing (where and to the extent permitted by applicable law), telemarketing and direct mail marketing from us, you can follow the instructions at the end of the applicable marketing message or email us by submitting a contact form here.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, we may continue to contact you for the purpose of communicating information relating to your use of the CityGrid™ Offerings and to respond to any inquiry or request made by you. To opt-out of receiving CityGrid™ Offerings-related and inquiry response-related messages from CityGrid™, you must cease utilizing the CityGrid™ Offerings and submitting inquiries to CityGrid™, as applicable.
Deleting and Updating Your Information
Please see our Provisions for California Residents below for additional details regarding how California State residents can delete and/or access their personal information.
At your request, we will inform you of what personal information we have on file for you. In addition, at your request, we will remove and/or modify the personal information that you have provided to us, or that we have collected. You may do so by contacting us via contact form here; provided, however, that we ask individuals to identify themselves and the information requested to be accessed, corrected or removed before processing such requests, and we may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic, require disproportionate technical effort, jeopardize the privacy of others or would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backup tapes).
Please be advised that deleting your personal information will terminate your access to some or all of the CityGrid™ Offerings. If you wish to continue using the CityGrid™ Offerings, you may not delete the personal information that we have on file for you.
Please be further advised that, after you delete your personal information, residual copies may take a period of time before they are deleted from our active servers and may remain in our backup systems.
Transfer of Personal Information Internationally
If you are visiting the Site from a country other than the country in which our servers are located, your communications with us may result in the transfer of personal information across international boundaries. By visiting the Site and/or otherwise communicating electronically with us, you consent to such transfers. Even if your jurisdiction does not have the same privacy laws as the jurisdiction where our servers are located, we will treat your information as subject to the protections described in this Privacy Policy.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
CityGrid™ reserves the right to change or update this Privacy Policy at any time by posting a notice on the Site that we are changing this Privacy Policy. If the manner in which we use personally identifiable information changes, CityGrid™ will notify users by: (a) sending the modified policy to our users via email; and/or (b) any other reasonable means acceptable under applicable state and federal law. You will have a choice as to whether or not we use your information in this different manner, and we will only use your information in this different manner where you opt-in to such use.
Contacting the Site
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the privacy practices of CityGrid™, please feel free to e-mail us at: legal@citygridmedia.com.
Filing a Complaint with the Federal Trade Commission
To file a complaint regarding our privacy practices, please click here.
Privacy Provisions for California Residents
These Privacy Provisions for California Residents (“Privacy Provisions”) supplement the information contained in the Privacy Policy set forth above These Privacy Provisions apply solely to residents of the State of California (“CA Users”). We adopt these Privacy Provisions in compliance with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”). Any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in these Privacy Provisions.
Categories of Information We Collect
We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular CA User or device (“personal information”. In particular, we have collected the following categories of personal information from CA Users within the last twelve (12) months:
Category
Examples
Collected
A. Identifiers.
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, telephone number, or other similar identifiers.
YES
B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, postal address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s license or State identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information. Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
YES
D. Commercial information.
Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
YES
F. Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a CA User’s interaction with a website, application or advertisement.
YES
I. Professional or employment-related information.
Current or past job history or performance evaluations.
YES
Personal information does not include:
Publicly available information from government records.
De-identified or aggregated CA User information.
Information excluded from the CCPA’s scope, such as:
health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial data; and
personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FRCA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver’s Privacy Protection Act of 1994.
We obtain the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources (with the specific categories of personal information indicated in parenthesis):
Directly from our CA Users. For example, from online registration forms that our CA Users submit to us related to the products and/or services that we (and our third party service providers) offer by and through the Site. (Category A, B, D and I)
Indirectly from our CA Users. For example, through information we collect from our CA Users in the course of providing our products and/or services to them. (Category A, B, D, F and I)
Directly and indirectly from activity on the Site. This includes the type of browser that you use (e.g., Safari, Chrome, Internet Explorer), your IP address, the type of operating system that you use (e.g., Windows or iOS) and the domain name of your Internet Service Provider. In addition, we obtain certain Site usage details and analytics as same are collected automatically by us and our third party partners. (Category F)
From third-parties that interact with us in connection with the products and/or services that we offer to our CA Users. For example, third party entities that assist us in sending direct and electronic mail, removing duplicate information from CA User lists, analyzing data and providing marketing analysis. (Category A, B, D, F and I)
From third-party data brokers or aggregators. (Category A, B, D and I)
Use of Personal Information
We may use or disclose the personal information that we collect for one or more of the following business purposes (with the specific categories of personal information indicated in parenthesis):
To fulfill or meet the reason for which the information is provided. For example, if you provide us with personal information in connection with your request for products and/or services from the third party service providers featured on the Site, as well as information regarding the other products and/or services featured on the Site, we will use that personal information to better provide you with the requested information. (Category A, B, D and I)
To enable the third-party service providers featured on the Site to contact you regarding the featured products and/or services. (Category A, B, D and I)
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us. (Category A, B, D and I)
To create, maintain, customize and secure your account with us. (Category A, B, D, F and I)
To provide you with e-mail, direct mail and telemarketing messages concerning certain Company products and/or services, as well as third-party products and/or services, that we believe may be of interest to you. (Category A, B, D, F and I)
To deliver relevant Site content and advertisements to you and measure or understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you. (Category A, B, D, F and I)
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including the Site’s Terms and Conditions. (Category A, B, D, F and I)
To improve the Site and better present its contents to you. (Category A, B, D, F and I)
For customer service purposes and to respond to inquiries from you. (Category A and B)
For testing, research, analysis and product development. (Category A, B, D, F and I)
As necessary or appropriate to protect our rights, property or safety, and that of our clients or others. (Category A, B, D, F and I)
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations. (Category A, B, D, F and I)
As described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA. (Category A, B, D, F and I)
To evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us is among the assets transferred. (Category A, B, D, F and I)
We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated or incompatible purposes without providing you with notice.
Sharing Personal Information
Subject to your right to opt-out of such sharing/sale, we may share, rent and/or sell your personal information (Category A, B, D, F and I): (a) with/to the third party service providers that offer the products and services featured on the Site; and (b) for the other business purposes set forth above.
When we disclose personal information to a third party service provider or other entity, we enter into a contractual relationship that describes the purpose for which such third party may use the personal information and requires that third party to both keep the personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose other than the performance of its services under the applicable contract. Please note, we do not collect information from CA Users that we actually know are less than eighteen (18) years of age and we do not share or sell the personal information of CA Users that we actually know are less than eighteen (18) years of age. Without limiting the foregoing, we have not shared or sold the personal information of CA Users that we actually know are less than sixteen (16) years of age in the preceding twelve (12) months.
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose:
Category A. Identifiers.
Category B. California Customer Records personal information categories.
Category D. Commercial information.
Category F Internet or other similar network activity.
Category I. Professional or employment-related information.
We disclose your personal information for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties (with the specific categories of personal information indicated in parenthesis):
Our affiliates. (Category A, B, D, F and I)
Service providers. (Category A, B, D, F and I)
The third party service providers that offer the products and services featured on the Site. (Category A, B, D, F and I)
Third parties to whom you authorize us to disclose your personal information in connection with the products and/or services that we provide to you. (Category A, B, D, F and I)
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have sold the following categories of personal information to third parties:
Category A. Identifiers.
Category B. California Customer Records personal information categories.
Category D. Commercial information.
Category F Internet or other similar network activity.
Category I. Professional or employment-related information.
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have sold the above referenced categories of personal information to the third party service providers that offer the products and services featured on the Site.
Your Rights and Choices
The CCPA provides CA Users (California residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
Opt-Out from the Sale of Your Personal Information
You have the right to opt-out of our sale of your personal information to third parties. To exercise your right to opt-out of our sale of your personal information to third parties, please submit a verifiable CA User request to us by either:
Clicking here
Calling us at: (877) 913-5622;
Emailing us at: legal@citygridmedia.com; or
Sending us U.S. mail to: CityGrid Media, P.O. Box 495, Dresher, PA 19425.
We endeavor to act on all opt-out requests as soon as practicable, but in all cases within fifteen (15) days of the receipt of your request.
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past twelve (12) months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable CA User request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we have shared that personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).
If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:
sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and
disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
Deletion Request Rights
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable CA User request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our (their) records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service providers to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our obligations in connection with our contract with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech rights, ensure the right of another CA User to exercise their free speech rights or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 seq.).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with CA User expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Exercising Access, Data Portability and Deletion Rights
To exercise your access, data portability and/or deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable CA User request to us by either:
Clicking here
Calling us at: (877) 913-5622;
Emailing us at: legal@citygridmedia.com; or
Sending us U.S. mail to: CityGrid Media, P.O. Box 495, Dresher, PA 19425.
Only you or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable CA User request related to your personal information.
You may only make a verifiable CA User request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable CA User request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify that you are: (1) the person about whom we collected personal information; or (2) an authorized representative of the applicable CA User.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm that the personal information relates to you. Making a verifiable CA User request does not require you to create an account with us. We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable CA User request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
Response Timing and Format
We endeavor to respond to all verifiable CA User requests within forty-five (45) days of the receipt thereof. If we require more time (up to ninety (90) days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. We will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the twelve (12) month period preceding the receipt of your verifiable request. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable CA User request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services;
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties;
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services; and/or
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Changes to these Provisions
We reserve the right to amend these Provisions in our discretion and at any time. When we make changes to these Provisions, we will notify you by email or through a notice on the Site’s homepage.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or comments about these Provisions, our Privacy Policy, the ways in which we collect and use your personal information, your choices and rights regarding such use, or wish to exercise your rights under California law, please do not hesitate to contact us by either:
Clicking here
Calling us at: (877) 913-5622;
Emailing us at: legal@citygridmedia.com; or
Sending us U.S. mail to: CityGrid Media, P.O. Box 495, Dresher, PA 19425.
About
Mobile Apps
Careers
Privacy Policy
Privacy Notice for CA Residents
Do Not Sell My Info
Accessible View Page
Terms of Use
Contact Us
Site Map
Recommended Actions
Join Citysearch
Create a Guide
Browse
Local Guides
Best Of Citysearch
Top Categories
Restaurants
Bars & Clubs
Spa & Beauty
Hotels
Shopping
Popular Cities
Los Angeles
San Francisco
New York
Seattle
Austin
Houston
Chicago
Philadelphia
Atlanta
Portland
More Cities…
© 2020. Citysearch is a registered trademark of CityGrid Media. All rights reserved.