http://www.escortsdosdonts.com/privacy-policy.html
The Do's & The Don'tsPrivacy Policy Statement
Home | Schedule | Videos | MP3s, CDs | Photos | Contact
Home > Privacy Policy
This is the web site for The Do's & The Don'ts.
Our mailing address is
650 Palisades Access Road
Ely, IA 52227
We can be reached via email at
or you can reach us by telephone at (319) 848-4913.
We are a rock band, if you would like to meet us, talk to us in person, or just dance to our live music you may find us at a location listed on our schedule.
We understand that privacy is important to users of The Do's & Don'ts ("Site"), especially when conducting business.
This statement governs our privacy policies with respect to those users of the Site ("Visitors") who visit without transacting business and Visitors who transact business on the Site, like purchasing CDs and MP3s offered by the Site to ("Authorized Customers").
"Personally Identifiable Information"refers to any information that identifies or can be used to identify, contact, or locate the person to whom such information pertains, or to identify an individual in context. Personally Identifiable Information does not include information that is collected anonymously (that is, without identification of the individual user) or demographic information not connected to an identified individual.
What Personally Identifiable Information is collected? We may collect names, phone numbers and email addresses from our Visitors who sign up for our schedule updates or contact us about booking the band. We collect the following information from our Authorized Customers: the names, mailing addresses, phone numbers and email addresses.
How does the Site use Personally Identifiable Information? We use Personally Identifiable Information to fulfill buying and selling requests on the Site. We may also use Personally Identifiable Information to contact Visitors and Authorized Customers in response to specific inquiries, or to provide requested information.
What choices are available to Visitors regarding collection and use of the information?
Visitors and Authorized Customers may opt out of receiving unsolicited information from or being contacted by us by responding to emails as instructed, or by contacting us at .
How is Personally Identifiable Information stored?
Personally Identifiable Information collected by The Do's & Don'ts is securely stored and is not accessible to third parties. We do not share any information with other organizations. With respect to security for Authorized Customers: When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial information, we redirect visitors to a secure server at www.paypal.com and will notify visitors by displaying 'paypal' in the title and address bars of their browser.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to all contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them. Visitors and Authorized Customers can access this information by sending us email at the above address, or writing to us at the above address.
How can Visitors correct any inaccuracies in Personally Identifiable Information?Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information. Visitors can have this information corrected by sending us email at the above address, or writing to us at the above address.
Are Cookies Used on the Site?With respect to cookies: We do not set any cookies. We do have Google Analytics code embedded into our website and Google Analytics does set cookies to obtain information about the preferences of our Visitors.
With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
What happens if the Privacy Policy Changes?
We will let our Visitors and Authorized Customers know about changes to our privacy policy by posting such changes on the Site.
Links:
This web site contains links to other web sites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are moving to another web site. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of these linked sites as their privacy policies may differ from ours.
If you feel that this site is not following it's stated privacy policy, you may contact us at the above address or phone number.
The Do's & Don'tsFor bookings contact Dick Sherman650 Palisades Access Road, Ely, Iowa 52227Phone: (319) 848-4913 Email: Copyright © 2000-2015 The Do's And The Don'ts - All rights reserved.
Site MapCreate your own Privacy Policy at www.prioritydigital.com