https://www.propertyandbuildingdirectory.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy policy
Who we are
Our website address is: https://www.propertyandbuildingdirectory.co.uk/, and we are owned by CannySites.com.
This page is used to inform website visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information, should you decide to use our service, the Property & Building Directory.
If you choose to use our service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation with this policy. The personal information that we collect is used only for providing and improving the service. We will not use or share your information with anyone else, except as described in this privacy policy.
We last updated this privacy policy on 17 June 2020.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymised string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website (e.g. when you are uploading information for a Directory Listing), you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
If you contact us, or make a purchase, via the website, we will only use the information that you submit for the purposes of managing your enquiry and/or customer relationship with us. The information that you supply will not be used for any additional marketing purposes.
The actual submission data is stored in the database of this site, and is emailed directly to us (i.e. the site author who published the page on which the contact form resides) as the owner of the form. This email will include the submitter’s IP address, timestamp, name and email address, alongside details of any options that have been checked, or information entered into the free-text boxes.
Login cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
Affiliate tracking
We also use cookies for affiliate tracking. This is a system where, if you click a selected link to an online retailer and subsequently make a purchase from that store, we receive a percentage of that purchase price as commission. These affiliate arrangements are managed by external organisations known as affiliate merchants.
The affiliate merchants we work with will not use affiliate-referred data to profile, retarget or behaviourally market anyone. Personal data that the affiliate merchants track is limited to IP address (truncated and hashed) and email hashes for cross-device tracking (pseudonymised data) and, as such, is used for tracking, reporting and payment purposes only. Neither the affiliate merchants nor us receive any personal information from the participating retailers on who has made a particular purchase.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Links to other sites
Our service contains links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the privacy policy of these websites. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
IP address for searches
All searches performed using the internal site search are logged in the database, including the following information: the search query, the number of hits found, user ID for users who are logged in, date and time and the IP address. The IP address is stored for security and auditing purposes.
Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”).
Google Analytics uses cookies to help the website analyse how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser; however, please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
Sharing buttons
Where official sharing buttons are active on the site, each button loads content directly from its service in order to display the button as well as information and tools for the sharing party.
As a result, each service can in turn collect information about the sharing party, such as the sharing party’s IP address as well as the page URL.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognise and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
The internal site search logs are stored indefinitely.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Our contact information
For any privacy-related enquiries, please contact us by email at privacy@cannysites.com, or use the contact form on this website.
@PBDPropertyTips
More reading you might enjoy…
Blog / Garden & Outdoors / Hints & Tips / Property The perplexing property problems caused by Japanese knotweed
15 Feb, 2018
Featured Directory Listing
Dulux is the UK's leading paint brand, with a wealth of products and services to help you find the colours you’ll love in your home, and achieve great results.
Sites we like Public Liability Insurance
Landlord Insurance
BuildingDesign Construction Directory
Latest News and Articles
A quickstart guide to domestic bulky waste collection
What are the benefits of quartz worktops compared to granite?
How to create and maintain the perfect pony paddock
Get your free tickets for the upcoming Smart Home Expo in Birmingham
A complete guide to EWS1 surveys
Archived News and Articles Archived News and Articles
Select Month
November 2020  (1)
September 2020  (4)
July 2020  (4)
May 2020  (2)
April 2020  (2)
March 2020  (2)
February 2020  (2)
January 2020  (3)
December 2019  (1)
November 2019  (1)
October 2019  (1)
September 2019  (2)
July 2019  (1)
June 2019  (2)
April 2019  (1)
March 2019  (3)
February 2019  (1)
January 2019  (2)
December 2018  (7)
November 2018  (1)
October 2018  (5)
September 2018  (1)
August 2018  (2)
July 2018  (1)
June 2018  (2)
May 2018  (2)
April 2018  (1)
March 2018  (3)
February 2018  (2)
December 2017  (1)
November 2017  (3)
October 2017  (3)
August 2017  (4)
July 2017  (3)
May 2017  (2)
April 2017  (2)
March 2017  (3)
February 2017  (1)
January 2017  (3)
December 2016  (1)
November 2016  (1)
September 2016  (4)
August 2016  (5)
July 2016  (7)
June 2016  (3)
May 2016  (4)
April 2016  (3)
March 2016  (3)
February 2016  (3)
January 2016  (5)
December 2015  (1)
November 2015  (5)
October 2015  (3)
September 2015  (2)
August 2015  (6)
February 2014  (1)
September 2013  (1)
August 2012  (1)
October 2011  (1)
October 2010  (1)
November 2008  (2)
September 2008  (1)
July 2007  (1)
December 2006  (1)
Directory TagsAdhesives
Arbours
Architectural Ironmongery
Architraves
Barbecues
Basins
Bath Panels
Bathroom Accessories
Bathroom Furniture
Bathrooms
Bathroom Suites
Baths
Brighton
Building Materials
Carports
CCTV
Cleaning
Cloakrooms
Commercial Buildings Insurance
Commercial Landlord Insurance
Compost
Conservatories
Decking
Decorating
Door Fittings
Door Furniture
Door Handles
Doors
Double Glazed Windows
Double Glazing
Double Glazing Installer
Electrical
Electric Radiators
Electric Towel Rails
Employers Liability Insurance
Ensuites
Estate Agents
External Doors
Fencing
Fillers
Fixings
Flat Roofing
Flooring
Floor Tiles
Garage Roof
Garages
Garden Accessories
Garden Buildings
Garden Lighting
Garden Power Tools
Garden Tools
Gates
Gazebos
Glass Extensions
Grass Seed
Greenhouses
Hammocks
Hand Tools
Hardware
Heating
Hinges
Home Improvement
Home Improvements
Home Insurance
Home Security
Hot Tubs
Houses
Insulation
Interior Shutters
Ironmongery
Kelly Hoppen
Kitchen Cabinet Fittings
Kitchens
Kitchen Sinks
Kitchen Taps
Knobs
Laminate Flooring
Landlords
Landscaping
Latches
Lawn Mowers
Lighting
Locks
Log Cabins
London
Metal Sheds
Nails
Newcastle
North East
Orangeries
Outdoor Living
Paint
Paints
Paving
Plantation Shutters
Planters
Plastic Sheds
Playhouses
Plumbing
Plumbing Tools
Power Tools
PPE
Private Sellers
Property
Property for Sale
Property to Rent
Radiators
Roofer
Roofing
Safety
Scaffolding
Scaffolding Contractors
Screws
Sealants
Secondhand Furniture
Secondhand Tools
Security
Security Doors
Sell Property
Sheds
Showers
Shutters
Skip Hire
Skirting Boards
Storage
Summerhouses
Switches
Taps
Tiles
Timber
Toilets
Tool Boxes
Tools
Topsoil
Towel Rails
Tradesmen
Tradespersons
Turf
Unoccupied Property Insurance
Vinyl Flooring
Voucher Code
Walling
Wastes
Window Furniture
Windows
Wooden Sheds
Wooden Shutters
Workbenches
Worktops
Workwear
Latest inspiration at B&Q
More
Latest Directory ListingsCheck-It Scaffold ServicesArdosia SlateCatalyst InteriorsFeatured Directory ListingsYopaRGC Building SuppliesThe Natural Rug Store – Bespoke Natural RugsStormcladKelly Hoppen ShuttersFindley Roofing and BuildingShop at Habitat
Sell your home with Yopa
Meta
Log in
Entries feed
Comments feed
WordPress.org
PRIVACY & COOKIES:
This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. To find out more, including how to control cookies, click here:
privacy policy