https://www.glyndebourne.com/privacy-notice/
* Select a date to view the available performances. Performance days have been highlighted.
Privacy notice
Glyndebourne Privacy Notice
Glyndebourne commits to protecting your privacy. We will only use information about you in accordance with the Data Protection Act 2018 and other relevant legislation and regulations. Our Privacy Policy is set out below; please read it with care as it describes how we will process your data.
If you have any questions or comments please email our Data Protection Officer at governance@glyndebourne.com.
Data Security
When we collect personal data from you we store it under strict safekeeping and confidentiality measures. We use technical and organisational security measures to protect it against misuse and any external data processing services we use must meet our security policies. We hold your data on secure servers operated by Glyndebourne and (for Glyndebourneshop.com) BigCommerce. Glyndebourneshop.com transfers this information to servers outside the EEA but provides a level of protection equivalent to EEA standards for that data. We allow only those staff members who need to process your data to have access and prevent all other staff from seeing it. We meet the protection offered to you under the Data Protection Act 2018.
By disclosing your personal information to us via glyndebourne.com or glyndebourneshop.com, by phone or in writing, you are giving us your consent to collect, store and process your personal information in the manner described in this Notice. The information we hold will be accurate and up to date within our knowledge.
If you have any questions regarding the Privacy Notice or your information, please contact governance@glyndebourne.com or write to Head of Governance & Compliance, Glyndebourne, Lewes, BN8 5UU.
What we do with your data and what we don’t do
We will keep information which identifies you only if you are a member, purchase tickets, make a donation, buy from our shop or ask to receive communications from us. Such personal information could include:
your name
address
phone number
date of birth
email address
IP (internet protocol) address
payment card details (these are not stored in a usable format and are kept only while we process your payment)
We process your personal information for:
membership administration
administration of donations, sponsorship and legacies
ticketing
research and statistical analysis (collected anonymously)
fulfilment of merchandise orders from our shop
And, only with your prior consent, for:
requests to support Glyndebourne projects
communication about Glyndebourne productions, activities and products
We sometimes have to share your information with third parties to undertake these business activities. When we do so we always confirm that they meet our security standards. Examples of such sharing are:
our on-site caterer, Leith’s Limited, for restaurant booking
a mailing house for handling our direct postal communications with you.
When we allow access to your information we always control what they can see, what they are allowed to do with it and how long they can see it.
We do not share or sell your personal information for other organisations to use for their own purposes. We do not store credit card details in a usable format and will not disclose them to any third party. The only exception is that for certain larger events we occasionally agree to assist with your catering arrangements. We will then share your payment details, for this purpose only, with Leith’s Ltd at Glyndebourne if you have given us your express permission to do so.
We collect anonymous ‘click-through’ data from our website in a log file that helps us develop a picture of users of our website. This data is not linked to any personally-identifiable information. We use it only for broad statistical purposes. For information about how we use cookies on the website, please read our Cookie Policy.
Fundraising
Glyndebourne, charity no. 243877, fundraises from individuals, companies and foundations who want to support our mission of reaching out and enriching as many people’s lives as possible through opera. Fundraising enables us to achieve our core strategic objective of remaining financially independent.
We may undertake some research to find out if there is likely to be a shared interest. We do not use third-party profiling companies. We may use profiling and screening techniques ourselves to analyse your personal data and create a profile of your interests and preferences. In doing so we may make use of additional information about you, including where you live, your age and similar demographics, and any publicly-available information about you (for example through LinkedIn, Companies House, Charity Commission).
We want to contact you only when it may be relevant. By better understanding the background of our supporters we are able to make appropriate requests for gifts that will help us continue to make world-class opera created by the most talented artists. Gifts from people who may be able, and are willing, to give us more than they already do, will enable us to raise funds sooner and in a more tailored way than we otherwise would. This information will also help us to meet our obligations to protect the charity from financial fraud and risk.
If you wish to opt out of your data being used in this way you can let us know by emailing us at governance@glyndebourne.com by writing to Head of Governance & Compliance, Glyndebourne, Lewes, BN8 5UU.
Children, Young People and Vulnerable Adults
We are committed to safeguarding children, young people and vulnerable adults and do all we can to ensure that all who work at Glyndebourne, whether on stage or joining an Education project, are safe and inspired by their experience. An important part of doing this is to protect their privacy.
If you are age 16 or under, please obtain your parent / guardian’s permission every time before you provide any personal information; we will always require their signature on any documentation when you sign up to a Glyndebourne project or are contracted to perform. We will always require the carer’s signature on similar documentation relating to vulnerable adults.
Newsletters and Mailings
We will let Members have the first opportunity to know Glyndebourne news by sending a special Members’ newsletter.
Our e-newsletters will give you news related to Glyndebourne and items we think will be of interest to you. We will not sell, rent or lease our newsletter subscription lists to any third-parties. We may use code within our e-newsletter template to identify which messages you have opened and which links you have clicked on within it to better tailor any future communications.
You can choose whether to subscribe to both our audience mailing list and our shop mailing list, or just one of them. This is a copy of our audience consent form:
This is a copy of our shop consent form:
The permissions above relate to optional communications from Glyndebourne. We will continue to send you communications about transactions you make with us, for example when you purchase tickets, or active subscriptions you hold with us, such as a membership, or if there is a query regarding your purchase from our shop. Each email we send you will give you the option to update your preferences. We will consider that your preferences last for five years unless you notify us otherwise.
We will make sure that you receive the product or service you have requested, process any payments and send you information relating to that service. If you hold an active membership this will include sending you information regarding your subscription renewal, your brochure and ballot form, your Member newsletter and your Direct Debit confirmation. Whenever we send you these necessary communications we will not ask you for a donation or send any other marketing so that we respect what you have told us on that subject.
You can update your personal information and communications preferences at any time in the following ways:
online by logging into My Account at glyndebourne.com
clicking on the unsubscribe link within a newsletter or within an email
by emailing us at governance@glyndebourne.com
by writing to Head of Governance & Compliance, Glyndebourne, Lewes, BN8 5UU.
If you wish to have no further contact from Glyndebourne on any subject, either email governance@glyndebourne.com or write to Head of Governance & Compliance, Glyndebourne, Lewes, BN8 5UU. We will remove your details from all subscription lists.
External links
Our site contains links to other sites whose information practice may be different than ours. You should consult the other sites’ privacy notices as we have no control over information that is submitted to or collected by third parties. Further, we cannot guarantee the privacy of personal information you transmit over the web or that may be collectable in transit by others.
Access to your information and Opting-Out
You have the right to ask for a copy of the personal information that we hold about you, to correct any inaccuracies in that information or ask us to delete such records. If you would like to have a copy of this information, please contact our Data Protection Officer at governance@glyndebourne.com or write to Head of Governance & Compliance, Glyndebourne, Lewes, BN8 5UU. If you find any inaccuracies we will correct them immediately. If you ask us to delete your records we will destroy all of your personal information that we hold on our files.
You have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office if we have not been able to satisfactorily resolve a problem about our handling of your personal information.
This update June 2018
You might also like
Our history
The story of Glyndebourne Membership
As we move into the 70th anniversary of Glyndebourne Members…
Online art exhibition
Fair Ground - new works added
A new virtual exhibition showcasing the best of contemporary…
Video
Watch The Place Beyond Tomorrow
A new musical collaboration between young people in the UK a…
Safety
What we’re doing to keep everyone safe at Glyndebourne
Read our step-by-step guide to the autumn experience and fin…
Support us
COVID-19 emergency appeal
Glyndebourne is facing a devastating impact due to the loss …
Glyndebourne Shop
Our online shop offers a great selection of exclusive and locally sourced products. Every purchase supports our work.
Shop now
Become a Member
Enjoy priority booking for the Festival. Find out how you can join as an Associate Member
Join today
Support a 2021 production
Light the way for the return of our Festival season and support a 2021 production.
Find out more