http://www.gilbertandsullivan.ca/privacy.htm
HOME
CONTACT
NEWS
ABOUT US
ABOUT G&S
ARCHIVES
PRIVACY POLICY
Thank you for visiting The Scarborough Gilbert & Sullivan web site. Privacy issues are important, and this notice serves to explain our online information practices.
The Scarborough Gilbert & Sullivan Society has been a well respected promoter of Gilbert & Sullivan works since 1965.
Please see who we are at this page.
Information We Collect
At some places in The Scarborough Gilbert & Sullivan Society web site, you may order products, download files, complete surveys, vote in polls or otherwise express an opinion, subscribe to services such as an online newsletter, or participate in online forums or communities. The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected at these pages include: name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, fax number, and information about your interests in and use of various products, programs, and services.
The Scarborough Gilbert & Sullivan Society does not retain credit card information for any purchase made. Any such information entered into The Scarborough G&S Society order forms is used solely to fulfill your purchase, then is purged from our computers.
The Scarborough G&S Society may also collect certain non-personally identifiable information when you visit its web pages, such as the type of browser you are using (e.g., Netscape, Internet Explorer), the type of operating system you are using, (e.g., Windows or Mac OS), your IP address, and the domain name of your Internet service provider (e.g., Bell Sympatico, Rogers Hi Speed).
How The Scarborough G&S Society Uses The Information
First and foremost, The Scarborough G&S Society does not sell or provide your information to outside entities.
The Scarborough G&S Society may use the information you provide about yourself to fulfill your requests for its products, programs, and services, to respond to your inquiries about The Scarborough G&S Society, and to offer you other products, programs or services that may be of interest.
The Scarborough G&S Society sometimes uses this information to communicate with you, such as to notify you when specials are available or when changes are made to online or print products and services, to fulfill your request for an online newsletter, or to contact you about new developments.
Communication will usually be sent using plain text email and will be of normal size.
We will not send attachments whatsoever without your permission.
The Scarborough G&S Society sometimes uses the non-personally identifiable information collected to improve the design and content of our web site and to enable us to personalize your Internet experience. The Scarborough G&S Society may also use this information in an aggregated form to analyze site usage.
The Scarborough G&S Society will disclose information when required to do so by law, for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena. The Scarborough G&S Society may also disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency's request.
Agents and contractors of The Scarborough G&S Society who have access to personally identifiable information are required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Notice, for example, by not using the information for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for The Scarborough G&S Society.
If you wish to be removed from any distribution list of The Scarborough G&S Society, you will be provided an opportunity to opt out or block such uses. To opt out of such lists at this time, please click here.
The Scarborough G&S Society does not combine information received online with outside records.
Finally, The Scarborough G&S Society's web site will not use or transfer personally identifiable information provided in ways unrelated to the ones described above.
Collection of Information by Third-Party Sites and Sponsors
The Scarborough G&S Society's web site contains links to other sites whose information practices may be different than our information practices. Visitors should consult the other sites' privacy notices, as we have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties.
Cookies
None of the web pages on this site uses "cookies." Cookies are text files placed in your computer's browser to store your preferences and statistics. Cookies, by themselves, do not tell your e-mail address or other personally identifiable information. If you choose to furnish the site with personally identifiable information, this information will not be linked to data stored in a cookie because this site does not use cookies whatsoever.
Our Commitment To Security
The Scarborough G&S Society has put forth its best efforts to enact appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the information collected online.
How To Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about our online privacy policy for this site or its implementation, please contact us here.
DISCLAIMER
Although every effort has been made to ensure accuracy, The Scarborough Gilbert & Sullivan Society cannot assume responsibility for errors or omissions. Visitors should confirm pertinent information prior to each visit to determine the suitability of the facilities or services to the intended use. Please forward any corrections using this form.
The links on this web site are provided only for the convenience of The Scarborough G&S Society web site visitors and Gilbert & Sullivan related businesses and organizations. The Scarborough G&S Society has no responsibility for, or control over the linked sites. The Scarborough G&S Society makes no promises or warranties of any kind, express or implied, including those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, as to the content of the linked sites. In no event shall The Scarborough G&S Society be liable for any damages resulting from use of these links even if The Scarborough G&S Society has been informed of the possibility of such liability.
© 2001-09 Chris Yalousakis
Contact Us | Privacy Policy | Web Links