http://www.bamm.org.uk/service-privacy
Skip to main content
BAMM
British Association for Modern Mosaic
Search form
Search
Login
Join
Home
Gallery and ArtistsGallery
BAMM Artists
How to commission a mosaic
About BAMMAbout usOur aims
Terms of Service & Privacy Policy
BAMM Committee
President's Page
Membership
Regional groups
ShopAndamento
Grout
Items
Contact
Members Area
ResourcesPrompts from the ProsPrompts from the Pros 2 - Joanna Kessel
Prompts from the Pros - Helen Miles
Prompts from the Pros - Julie Sperling
Prompts from the Pros - Kelley Knickerbocker
Prompts from the Pros - Marian Shapiro
Prompts from the Pros - Rachel Sager
Suppliers
Sponsored mosaic packs for schools and communities
Materials & TechniquesMosaic Practice
School MosaicsMaking mosaic
Riverside
Kitchen tile
Mosaic people
Nativity scene
History of mosaic
BAMM Talks and DemosForum Talks from York 2019
Forum Talks 2018
Forum Talks 2017
Forum Talks 2016
Forum talks 2015
Forum talks 2014
Forum talks 2013
Forum talks 2012
Forum 2017
Forum 2016
Forum 2015
Forum 2014
Workshops 2016
Useful links and groups
Workshops/ExhibitionsBAMM Exhibitions
Workshops and Courses
Forum 2020 Workshop List
NewsNews
Home »About BAMM »About us »Terms of Service & Privacy Policy
Terms of Service & Privacy Policy
Acceptance of Terms
Access to and use of bamm.org.uk and any associated or connected directories, guides, websites or services provided by bamm.org.uk is for lawful purposes only and subject exclusively to these Terms and Conditions. Use of bamm.org.uk constitutes unconditional acceptance of the terms, conditions and disclaimers. These Terms and Conditions may be updated or amended at any time to reflect changing legal or commercial conditions and your continued use of bamm.org.uk following any changes shall be deemed to be acceptance of such change.
Privacy Policy
Registration will require you to provide personal information including a username and password. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the username and password and also for all activities which take place under your account. You will immediately notify us of any unauthorised use of your password or account or any other breach of security. bamm.org.uk is not liable for any indirect or consequential loss or damage whatsoever resulting from the disclosure of your username and/or password. You may not use another person’s account at any time, without the express permission of the account holder.
Personal Information
All personal information stored by bamm.org.uk is stored on a protected database only accessible by bamm.org.uk partners or authorised employees. The information is only used by bamm.org.uk as part of its legitimate business and is only shared with third parties where necessary.
We may supply you with information relating to associated products or artists that we believe will be of interest to you. If you do not wish to receive such information please contact us and we will immediately discontinue.
Contact Information
Certain professional and personal information entered by you will be available on your website and associated directories. bamm.org.uk cannot be held responsible for unsolicited email or 'spam' sent to a published email address. If you do not wish to have your email address published we can arrange an alternative.
Credit and Debit Card Information
Details entered as part of a credit card transaction are securely processed by Sage Pay which uses safe encryption technology. Your details are only shared with payment providers to authenticate your payment.
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file that identifies your browser software to bamm.org.uk. Cookies are used by all websites to track the movement patterns of users. bamm.org.uk uses this information to improve our customer service. Cookies are not linked to any personal information that we may hold.
Content & Safety
Some content may be adult or controversial in nature. Parents who wish to allow their children access to and use of bamm.org.uk should supervise such access and use. By allowing a child access to bamm.org.uk you are allowing your child access to all of bamm.org.uk services. It is therefore your responsibility to determine which are appropriate for your child. Exercise caution when revealing personally identifiable information about yourself or your children on bamm.org.uk.
Proper Use of British Association for Modern Mosaic websites
No user shall at any time:
Use bamm.org.uk to send junk email, spam, chain letters, pyramid schemes or any other unsolicited messages (commercial or otherwise) post, publish, distribute or disseminate material or information that is defamatory, obscene, indecent, threatening, abusive, harassing or unlawful. post, publish, distribute or disseminate material or information that incites discrimination, hate or violence towards any person or group on account of their race, religion, disability, nationality or otherwise use any information or material in a manner that infringes copyright, trademark patent or other intellectual property rights advertise or offer to buy or sell goods other than through your own website or that of a gallery representing you impersonate any person or entity for the purpose of misleading others collect or store personal information about others, including email addresses use bamm.org.uk in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden or impair its operation or interfere with any other party’s use and enjoyment of bamm.org.uk post, publish, distribute or disseminate material or information that you do not have a right to publish under legal, contractual or fiduciary relationships (including inside information or confidential information disclosed in the course of employment or under a confidentiality agreement) attempt to gain unauthorised access to any part of bamm.org.uk or computer systems or networks used by or connected to bamm.org.uk through hacking, password mining or any other means British Association for Modern Mosaic shall be entitled, at our sole discretion, to remove any material that breaches these Terms and Conditions or is otherwise objectionable.
Terms & Conditions
Liability for Information
You acknowledge that all information, text, graphics, logos, photographs, images, moving images, sound, illustrations and other materials (‘the Content’), whether posted publicly or transmitted privately, are the sole responsibility of the person from whom the Content originated. We do not control or endorse the Content and cannot guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of such Content and you acknowledge that by using bamm.org.uk you may be exposed to Content that is offensive and/or indecent. bamm.org.uk will not be liable in any way for any Content or for any loss or damage of any kind resulting from the use of any Content on bamm.org.uk and you agree to bear all risks associated with the use of any Content, including any reliance on the accuracy or completeness of such Content.
Site Links
bamm.org.uk may include links to third party websites that are controlled and maintained by others. Any link to other websites is not an endorsement of such websites and you acknowledge and agree that bamm.org.uk is not responsible for the content or availability of any such sites.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold bamm.org.uk harmless from and against any breach by you of these Terms and Conditions and any claim or demand brought against bamm.org.uk by any third party arising out of your use of bamm.org.uk and/or any content submitted, posted or transmitted by you or on your behalf, including without limitation, all claims, actions, proceedings, losses, liabilities, damages, costs, expenses (including reasonable legal costs and expenses) howsoever suffered or incurred by bamm.org.uk in consequence of your breach of these Terms and Conditions.
Disclaimers and Limitation of Liability
Use of bamm.org.uk is at your own risk. All services are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis without any representation or endorsement made and without warranty of any kind whether express or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, compatibility, security and accuracy. To the extent permitted by law, bamm.org.uk and companies associated with it ("British Association for Modern Mosaic") will not be liable for any indirect or consequential loss or damage whatsoever (including without limitation loss of business, opportunity, data, profits) arising out of or in connection with the use of bamm.org.uk. British Association for Modern Mosaic makes no warranty that bamm.org.uk will meet your requirements, or that content will be accurate or reliable, or that the functionality will be uninterrupted or error free, or that defects will be corrected or that bamm.org.uk or the server that makes them available are free of viruses or anything else which may be harmful or destructive.
British Association for Modern Mosaic is not responsible in any way for any artwork sales that you or third parties may engage in. British Association for Modern Mosaic reserves the right to refuse or remove images or text posted on bamm.org.uk that it considers to be offensive or inappropriate.
Severance
If any of these Terms and Conditions should be determined to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason by any court of competent jurisdiction then such Term or Condition shall be severed and the remaining Terms and Conditions shall survive and remain in full force and effect and continue to be binding and enforceable.
Governing Law
These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by and construed on accordance with the law of England and under the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
Terms of Service & Privacy Policy
Contact         Site Map
Login
About us
BAMM Committee
President's Page
Membership
Regional groups
Shop
Contact