http://www.lit.org/privacy.php
Advanced Search
Privacy Policy
Learn what we do and don't with the info we gather about you!
Privacy Statement for Lit.Org
Lit.Org has created this privacy statement in order to
demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy.
The following discloses our
information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: Lit.Org.
Information Collection and Use
Lit.Org is the sole owner of the information collected on this site.
We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways
different from what is disclosed in this statement. Lit.Org collects
information from our users at several different points on our website.
IP Address Use
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site.
Lit.Org logs IP addresses for systems administration purposes. IP addresses are logged to track a user's session.
This gives Lit.Org an idea of which parts of our site users are visiting. We do not link IP addresses to anything
personally identifiable. This means that a user's session will be tracked, but the user will be anonymous.
Cookies
We use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests and to save your password so you don't have
to re-enter it each time you visit our site. Cookies allow us to both store and retrieve login information
through a user's browser. Our Web server automatically asks a new user whether his or her browser will
agree to accept a "digital cookie" via the Web browser. If a visitor accepts, our Web server will identify
the user's cookie for Lit.Org's use in internal reporting or for site personalization. If for some reason
you would rather not take advantage of the benefits made possible with cookies, most browsers allow you to
reject cookies or to choose which cookies to accept.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that Lit.Org and it's staff are not responsible
for the privacy practices or content of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave
our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable
information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Registration Information Use
Our site's registration form requires users to give us contact information (like their name and email address)
and demographic information (like their zip code, age, or income level).
We use customer contact information
from the registration form to send the user information about our company.
The customer's contact information
is also used to contact the visitor when necessary.
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the
choice/opt-out section below.
Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site.
We use this data to tailor the visitor's experience at our site, showing them content that
we think they might be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences.
Public Forums
This site makes chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users.
Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information
and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Mailing List
If a user wishes to subscribe to our newsletter, we ask for contact information such as name and email address.
Children's Guidelines
Lit.Org does not knowingly request or collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If such
information is received, it is immediately deleted.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving
communications from us and our partners at the point where we request information about
the visitor.
This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database
to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service. Remove yourself from the Mailing List or
send an e-mail to support@lit.org asking to be removed from the user databse.
You can send email to support@lit.org
Correct/Update
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying
information previously provided.
email support@lit.org
Contacting Lit.Org
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the
practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site,
you can contact
Lit.Org
2113 Thicket Place
Huntsville, AL 35803
crowe@lit.org
© Lit.Org All rights reserved.
Home |
Privacy Policy |
FAQ |
Media Kit |
Site Map |
About Us
Login:
Password:
Sign Up
Submit
F.A.Q.
Members
Login
Home
Random Reading
Lonely Posts
What's New
New this Week
Browse by Category
Recent Blogs
Search
Control Panel
Write for Lit.Org
Join The Thread
The Write Off
Bookstore
Books on Writing
Writing Software
Recent Comments
Tell your friends
MAJESTIC -- Our Monthly Newsletter