http://www.baldybane.org.uk/privacy
About Us
School Workshops
Pantomime
Professional Development
Contact Us
About Us
School Workshops
Pantomime
Professional Development
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Who we are
Baldy Bane Theatre Company is a registered charity based in Glasgow, providing educational theatre workshops to schools and communities across Scotland.
For the purposes of this policy document, when using the words “we”, “our” or “us” we are referring to Baldy Bane Theatre Company.
The purpose of this policy
The purpose of our policy is to provide a clear explanation about how we collect and use personal information.
We are committed to collecting and using information responsibly, ensuring that all information about individuals is stored safely and securely, not disclosed to any third party unlawfully and in accordance with all current data protection regulations.
This policy will be updated periodically to take into account changes to data protection regulations and addition of any web analytic tools, so please check back regularly.
Types of information we may collect from you and how we will use this
We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal information about individuals who visit and use our website:
1. Information you supply to us -
You may supply us with information about you by filling in forms on our website. This includes information you provide when you submit a contact/enquiry form or sign up for newsletters. This information you give us may include your name, workplace name and address, e-mail address, phone number and job title.
We will only use this information for the purposes of replying to your queries and will only store this information with your permission to let you know about current and upcoming projects that you express interest in. This data is not shared our used by any third party, unless first agreed with your permission.
2. Information our website automatically collects about you -
When you visit our website, we may automatically collect information including:
Cookies - our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site by making it more user friendly. The cookies we collect store anonymous user data and not any personally identifiable information such your name, address or any financial details.
Technical information - including a truncated and anonymised version of your Internet protocol (IP) address, browser type and version, operating system and platform.
Information about your visit - including what pages you visit, how long you are on the site, how you got to the site (including the date and time), page response times, length of visit, what you click on, documents downloaded and download errors.
We will only use this information for the purposes of powering and making our website more user friendly. This data is not shared our used by any third party.
Further information
If you would like to obtain copies of information we hold about you, change the permissions you gave to us or if you have any further queries, then please contact us at:
Data Protection OfficerBaldy Bane Theatre Company13 Carment DriveShawlandsGlasgowG41 3PP
office@baldybane.org.uk
0141 632 0193