https://www.pinksingers.co.uk/privacy-policy-2/
Skip to content
Data Protection policyPolicy prepared by: Zoe BurdoApproved by Management Committee on: 26 March 2018Last reviewed on: 10 March 2020Last reviewed by: Ben ThornerIntroductionIn order to operate, the Pink Singers needs to gather, store and use certain forms of information about individuals.These can include members, employees, contractors, suppliers, volunteers, audiences and potential audiences, business contacts and other people the group has a relationship with or regularly needs to contact.This policy explains how this data should be collected, stored and used in order to meet the Pink Singers data protection standards and comply with the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR).Why is this policy important?This policy ensures that the Pink Singers:Protects the rights of our members, volunteers and supportersComplies with data protection law and follows good practiceProtect the group from the risks of a data breachRoles and responsibilitiesThis applies to all those handling data on behalf of the Pink Singers including:Management teamContracted employees and volunteersMembersContractors/3rd-party suppliersIt applies to all data that the Pink Singers holds relating to individuals, including:NamesEmail addressesPostal addressesPhone numbersBirth dateAccess requirements Any other personal information held (e.g. financial)Roles and responsibilitiesThe Pink Singers is the Data Controller and will determine what data is collected and how it is used. They, together with the management team, are responsible for the secure, fair and transparent collection and use of data by the Pink Singers.Any questions relating to the collection or use of data should be directed to the Secretary, at info@pinksingers.co.uk. Everyone who has access to data as part of the Pink Singers has a responsibility to ensure that they adhere to this policy. The Pink Singers uses third party Data Processors (e.g. Mail Chimp, Google, WordPress) to process data on its behalf. The Pink Singers will ensure all Data Processors are compliant with GDPR.Data Protection Principles1. We fairly and lawfully process personal data in a transparent wayThe Pink Singers will only collect data where lawful and where it is necessary for the legitimate purposes of the group. A member’s name and contact details  will be collected when they first join the group, and will be used to contact the member regarding group membership administration and activities. Other data may also subsequently be collected in relation to their membership, including their payment history for subscription payments, medical and access information for organised domestic and international travel, dates of birth for Gift Aid applications and salary and other financial information for subsidy applications. Where possible the Pink Singers will anonymise this data.Lawful basis for processing this data: Contract (the collection and use of data is fair and reasonable in relation to the Pink Singers completing tasks expected as part of the individual’s membership).The name and contact details of volunteers, employees and contractors will be collected when they take up a position, and will be used to contact them regarding group administration related to their role. Further information, including personal financial information and criminal records information may also be collected in specific circumstances where lawful and necessary (in order to process payment to the person or in order to carry out a DBS check).Lawful basis for processing this data: Contract (the collection and use of data is fair and reasonable in relation to the Pink Singers completing tasks expected as part of working with the individuals),An individual’s name and contact details will be collected when they make a booking for an event or join the ‘Friends of the Pink Singers’ donation scheme. This will be used to contact them about their booking or scheme benefits and to allow them entry to the event and scheme benefits.Lawful basis for processing this data: Contract (the collection and use of data is fair and reasonable in relation to the Pink Singers completing tasks expected as part of the booking)An individual’s name, contact details and other details may be collected at any time (including when booking tickets, subscribing to the newsletter or at an event), with their consent, in order for the Pink Singers to communicate with them about and promote group activities. See ‘How we get consent’ below.Lawful basis for processing this data: Consent (see ‘How we get consent’)Pseudonymous or anonymous data (including behavioural, technological and geographical/regional) on an individual may be collected via tracking ‘cookies’ when they access our website or interact with our emails, in order for us to monitor and improve our effectiveness on these channels. See ‘Cookies on the Pink Singers website’ below.Lawful basis for processing this data: Consent (see ‘How we get consent’)2. We only collect and use personal data for specific, explicit and legitimate purposes and will only use the data for those specified purposes.When collecting data, the Pink Singers will always provide a clear and specific privacy statement explaining to the subject why the data is required and what it will be used for.3. We ensure any data collected is relevant and not excessiveThe Pink Singers will not collect or store more data than the minimum information required for its intended purpose. E.g. we need to collect telephone numbers from members in order to be able to contact them about group administration, but data on their marital status, gender identity or sexuality will not be collected, since it is unnecessary and excessive for the purposes of group administration. We may need to collect limited medical information as necessary in the interest of health and safety when an individual chooses to take part in an organised domestic or international trip with the Pink Singers. 4. We ensure data is accurate and up-to-dateThe Pink Singers will ask members, volunteers and contractors to check and update their data on an annual basis.  Any individual will be able to update their data at any point by contacting the Secretary.5. We ensure data is not kept longer than necessaryThe Pink Singers will keep records for no longer than is necessary in order to meet the intended use for which it was gathered (unless there is a legal requirement to keep records). The storage and intended use of data will be reviewed in line with the Pink Singers data retention policy. When the intended use is no longer applicable (e.g. contact details for a member who has left the group), the data will be deleted within a reasonable period.  6. We keep personal data secureThe Pink Singers will ensure that data held by us is kept secure.Electronically-held data will be held within a password-protected and secure environmentPasswords for electronic data files will be re-set each time an individual with data access leaves their role/positionPhysically-held data (e.g. membership forms or email sign-up sheets) will be converted to electronic versions and stored within a password-protected and secure environment as soon as feasibly possible. Physical copies will be securely disposed of as soon as possible.Access to data will only be given to relevant contractors and people on the management team where it is clearly necessary for the running of the group. 6.1 Transfer to countries outside the EEAThe Pink Singers will not transfer data to countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA), unless the country has adequate protection for the individual’s data privacy rights. 6.2 Individual RightsWhen the Pink Singers collects, holds and uses an individual’s personal data that individual has the following the rights over that data. The Pink Singers will ensure its data processes comply with those rights and will make all reasonable efforts to fulfil requests from an individual in relation to those rights.Right to be informed: whenever the Pink Singers collects data it will provide a clear and specific privacy statement explaining why it is being collected and how it will be used. Right of access: individuals can request to see the data the Pink Singers holds on them and confirmation of how it is being used. Requests should be made in writing to the Secretary and will be complied with free of charge and within one month. Where requests are complex or numerous this may be extended to two months. Right to rectification: individuals can request that their data be updated where it is inaccurate or incomplete. The Pink Singers will request that members, staff and contractors check and update their data on an annual basis. Any requests for data to be updated will be processed within one month. Right to object: individuals can object to their data being used for a particular purpose. The Pink Singers will always provide a way for an individual to withdraw consent in all marketing communications. Where we receive a request to stop using data we will comply unless we have a lawful reason to use the data for legitimate interests or contractual obligation.Right to erasure: individuals can request for all data held on them to be deleted. The Pink Singers data retention policy will ensure data is not held for longer than is reasonably necessary in relation to the purpose it was originally collected. If a request for deletion is made we will comply with the request unless: There is a lawful reason to keep and use the data for legitimate interests or contractual obligation. There is a legal requirement to keep the data. Right to restrict processing: individuals can request that their personal data be ‘restricted’ – that is, retained and stored but not processed further (e.g. if they have contested the accuracy of any of their data, the Pink Singers will restrict the data while it is verified). Though unlikely to apply to the data processed by the Pink Singers, we will also ensure that rights related to portability and automated decision making (including profiling) are complied with where appropriate.6.3 Member-to-member contactWe only share members’ data with other members with the subject’s prior consent. As a membership organisation the Pink Singers encourages communication between members. To facilitate this:Members can request the personal contact data of other members in writing via the Secretary. These details will be given, as long as they are for the purposes of contacting the subject (e.g. an email address, not financial or health data) and the subject has consented to their data being shared with other members in this way.6.4 How we get consentThe Pink Singers may regularly collect data from consenting supporters for marketing purposes. This includes contacting them to promote performances, updating them about group news, fundraising and other group activities. Any time data is collected for this purpose, we will provide:A method for users to show their positive and active consent to receive these communications (e.g. a ‘tick box’).A clear and specific explanation of what the data will be used for (e.g. ‘Tick this box if you would like the Pink Singers to send you email updates with details about our forthcoming events, fundraising activities and opportunities to get involved’).Data collected will only ever be used in the way described and consented to (e.g. we will not use email data in order to market 3rd-party products unless this has been explicitly consented to).Every marketing communication will contain a method through which a recipient can withdraw their consent (e.g. an ‘unsubscribe’ link in an email). Opt-out requests such as this will be processed within 14 days.6.5 Cookies on the Pink Singers websiteA cookie is a small text file that is downloaded onto ‘terminal equipment’ (e.g. a computer or smartphone) when the user accesses a website. It allows the website to recognise that user’s device and store some information about the user’s preferences or past actions.The Pink Singers uses cookies on our website www.pinksingers.co.uk in order to monitor and record their activity. This allows us to improve users’ experience of our website by, for example, allowing for a ‘logged in’ state, and by giving us useful insight into how users as a whole are engaging with the website.We will implement a pop-up box on www.pinksingers.co.uk that will activate each new time a user visits the website. This will allow them to click to consent (or not) to continuing with cookies enabled, or to ignore the message and continue browsing (i.e. give their implied consent).Data retention policy IntroductionThis policy sets out how the Pink Singers will approach data retention and establishes processes to ensure we do not hold data for longer than is necessary. It forms part of the overall Pink Singers Privacy Policy.  Roles and responsibilitiesThe Pink Singers is the Data Controller and will determine what data is collected, retained and how it is used. They, together with the Management Committee are responsible for the secure and fair retention and use of data by the Pink Singers.Any questions relating to the collection or use of data should be directed to the Secretary, at info@pinksingers.co.uk. Everyone who has access to data as part of the Pink Singers has a responsibility to ensure that they adhere to this policy. Regular Data ReviewA regular review of all data will take place to establish if the Pink Singers still has good reason to keep and use the data held at the time of the review. As a general rule a data review will be held every 2 years and no more than 27 calendar months after the last review. The first review will take place on 26 March 2018.Data to be reviewed The Pink Singers stores data on digital documents (e.g. spreadsheets) stored on Google Drive. Data should not generally be held on personal devices held by the management team.Data stored on third party online services (e.g. Google Drive, Mail Chimp,
WordPress).Physical data stored at the homes of people who are or were part of the management team.Who the review will be conducted by The review will be conducted by the management team.How data will be deleted Physical data will be destroyed safely and securely, including shredding. All reasonable and practical efforts will be made to remove data stored digitally.Priority will be given to any instances where data is stored in active lists (e.g. where it could be used) and to sensitive data.Where deleting the data would mean deleting other data that we have a valid lawful reason to keep (e.g. on old emails) then the data may be retained safely and securely but not used.The following criteria will be used to make a decision about what data to keep and what to delete. QuestionAction if “yes”Action if “no”Is the data stored securely?No action necessary Update storage protocol in line with Data Protection policy Does the original reason for having the data still apply? Continue to use Delete or remove dataIs the data being used for its original intention? Continue to useEither delete/remove or record lawful basis for use and get consent if necessary Is there a statutory requirement to keep the dataKeep the data at least until the statutory minimum no longer applies Delete or remove the data unless we have reason to keep the data under other criteriaIs the data accurate?Continue to useAsk the subject to confirm/update details Where appropriate do we have consent to use the data. This consent could be implied by previous use and engagement by the individual?Continue to use Get consent Can the data be anonymised?Anonymise data Continue to use Statutory RequirementsData stored by the Pink Singers may be retained based in statutory requirements for storing data other than data protection regulations. This might include but is not limited to:Gift Aid declarations records Details of payments made and received (e.g. in bank statements and accounting records)Trustee and management team meeting minutes Contracts and agreements with suppliers/customers Insurance details Tax and employment records Other data retention proceduresMember data When a member leaves the Pink Singers and all administrative tasks relating to their membership have been completed any potentially sensitive data held on them will be deleted – this might include bank details or medical data.All other data will be stored safely and securely and reviewed as part of the next two year review.Mailing list data If an individual opts out of a mailing list their data will be removed as soon as is practically possible. All other data will be stored safely and securely and reviewed as part of the next two year review. Volunteer and freelancer data When a volunteer or freelancer stops working with the Pink Singers and all administrative tasks relating to their work have been completed any potentially sensitive data held on them will be deleted – this might include bank details or medical data.Unless consent has been given data will be removed from all email mailing lists.All other data will be stored safely and securely and reviewed as part of the next two year review. Other data We use a plugin on our website at www.pinksingers.co.uk to display thumbnails of YouTube videos. We are obliged by YouTube to link to the relevant terms of service. Note that no data relating to either OUR YouTube account or YOUR YouTube account is stored by us.All other data will be included in a regular two year review.
NewsletterKeep up with the latest news and events with our newsletter! Enter your email address below to sign up. Email address
AboutThe Pink Singers is a UK Registered Charity, No.1190317. View our privacy policy.You can contact the team here or use this email for general enquiries.Are you an admin person? Login here!
SEARCH
Search for:
Search NewsletterSubscribe to our newsletter to keep up with the latest news and events! Email address
YOUTUBE
Pink Singers - December Will Be Magic AgainYouTube Video VVVvNWJSb1lVVnhHcXdnRmdhSUdka1RBLmlxaG14Y2hCUFNF
Pink Singers - ProudYouTube Video VVVvNWJSb1lVVnhHcXdnRmdhSUdka1RBLkp5OXk4TjF4OFZJ
Pink Singers - New Album - Live from Cadogan HallYouTube Video VVVvNWJSb1lVVnhHcXdnRmdhSUdka1RBLktsTmhOMnlNd1Nr
Twitter Tweets by @pinksingers