http://www.4thwallproductions.net/disclosure-policy
Disclosure Policy | 4WP
Skip to content
4WP
House And Home Improvement
Build
contractions
drywall repair
fireplace remodel
HI
home improvement
home improvement cast
home improvement loans
home improvement stores
Home’s
home
home remodeling
home repair
Kitchen
kitchen design ideas
kitchen ideas
kitchen remodel
kitchen remodel cost
kitchen remodel ideas
Privacy
bathroom remodel
bathroom remodel cost
bathroom remodel ideas
improvements
lowe’s home improvement
remodeling
renovation
Remodel
Disclosure Policy
Web Site Terms and Conditions of Use
1. Terms
By accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.
2. Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on “THIS SITE”’s web site for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not :
A. Modify or Copy the materials.
B. Use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial).
C. Attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on “THIS SITE”’s web site.
D. Remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials.
E. Transfer the materials to another person or “mirror” the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by “THIS SITE” at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
3. Disclaimer
The materials on “THIS SITE”’s web site are provided “AS IS”. “THIS SITE” makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, “THIS SITE” does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
4. Limitations
In no event shall “THIS SITE” or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on “THIS SITE”’s Internet site, even if “THIS SITE” or a “THIS SITE” authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
5. Revisions and Errata
The materials appearing on “THIS SITE”’s web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. “THIS SITE” does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. “THIS SITE” may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. “THIS SITE” does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.
6. Links
“THIS SITE” has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by “THIS SITE” of the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the user’s own risk.
7. Site Terms of Use Modifications
“THIS SITE” may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
8. Governing Law
Any claim relating to “THIS SITE”’s web site shall be governed by the laws of the State of East Java without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
General Terms and Conditions applicable to Use of a Web Site.
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
Search for:
Recent Posts
Toilet Remodeling Ideas & Toilet Reworking Ideas
The Finest Home Enchancment Stores On The Cape
The four Greatest Denver Residence Enchancment Stores
Kitchen Renovation Planning Checklist Half Two
Catering Kitchen Design Ideas
Archives
November 2018
October 2018
September 2018
August 2018
July 2018
June 2018
May 2018
April 2018
March 2018
February 2018
January 2018
December 2017
November 2017
October 2017
September 2017
August 2017
July 2017
June 2017
May 2017
April 2017
March 2017
February 2017
January 2017
December 2016
November 2016
October 2016
September 2016
August 2016
July 2016
June 2016
May 2016
April 2016
March 2016
February 2016
January 2016
December 2015
November 2015
Categories
Advertising & Marketing
Arts & Entertainment
Auto & Motor
bathroom remodel
bathroom remodel cost
bathroom remodel ideas
Business Products & Services
Clothing & Fashion
contractions
contractions
drywall repair
Employment
Financial
fireplace remodel
Foods & Culinary
Health & Fitness
Health Care & Medical
home
home improvement
home improvement
home improvement cast
home improvement cast
home improvement loans
home improvement stores
Home Products & Services
home remodeling
home remodeling
home repair
improvements
Internet Services
kitchen design ideas
kitchen ideas
kitchen remodel
kitchen remodel cost
kitchen remodel ideas
lowe's home improvement
Personal Product & Services
Pets & Animals
Real Estate
Relationships
remodeling
renovation
Software
Sports & Athletics
Technology
Travel
Uncategorized
Web Resources
About UsSitemap
Disclosure Policy
Advertise Here
Contact Us
5a9a61583a9b5bc28f43c10cb0be8ef22955660b
Proudly powered by WordPress
|
Theme: Sydney by aThemes.