https://www.wrzk.com/about-us/privacy-policy/
PROMOTION PRIVACY POLICY
This Policy statement is intended to help you understand how WRZK collects and uses information about you in connection with the Contest (WRZK SRM) application, (“WRZK Facebook Page”), which includes use of any applications within the WRZK Facebook Page, and on WRZK website.
Collected Information: Once you allow “Access” to the WRZK Facebook Page or register on WRZK’s website, WRZK may collect and have access to the information that you have chosen to put in your profile (e.g., name, profile picture, gender, current city, networks, friend lists, pages you “Like”, etc.) or information you otherwise provide directly to WRZK. Additionally, WRZK collects and has access to your profile identification number (a unique number associated with each user profile on the site).
Use of Information: WRZK may use, and in some instances store, the information it collects to administer and communicate with you regarding the programs available through the WRZK Facebook Page, or WRZK website. For example, your profile identification number is used to identify you when you visit the WRZK Facebook Page in order to provide you access to the application functionality.
Sharing of Information: WRZK may share the photo and name found in your profile, as well as your WRZK Facebook Page activity in accordance with your privacy settings on the Facebook platform each time you take an action within the WRZK Facebook Page application (e.g., commenting, “liking” the WRZK Facebook Page, etc.). WRZK will share the information it collects with its service providers to help in administering related promotions and programs, or as otherwise required by law, such as responding to legal process and protecting against fraud.
Cookies: WRZK uses “cookies” (small pieces of data we store for an extended period of time on your computer, mobile phone, or other device) to make the WRZK Facebook Page application easier to use, to make our WRZK Facebook Page related promotions and programs better, and to help protect both you and WRZK.
Third Party Sites: WRZK may from time to time include links to third party websites whose privacy practices may differ from those of WRZK. If you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy statements. Please carefully read the privacy statement of any third party sites visited.
How to contact WRZK: If you wish to contact us in regard to the Contest or privacy matters, you can do so via email or web submission at Charlie@hvbcgroup.com
1219889894
Python-urllib/3.8
d5d9ce69b83ae695d23a2df193e1fb8b00875f73
1