http://www.moksha.co.uk/kosheen/contacts/privacy-policy/
Skip to primary content
privacy policy (including cookies info)
version date : november 2012
this document explains the data protection practices of moksha recordings ltd and tairona songs ltd. where we refer to “moksha recordings and it’s affiliated companies”, “our”, “us” or “we”, we mean moksha recordings ltd and tairona songs ltd.
how we collect your data :
~: from you : we may collect and process personal data relating to you by you providing your personal data when completing the mailing list request form on our website or by you contacting us and requesting inclusion on our mailing list.
~: by using cookies : we may use ‘cookies’ to collect standard internet log information and visitor behaviour information. this information is used to track visitor use of our website and to compile statistical reports on the activity of our website. a ‘cookie’ is a small text file that is placed on your computer’s hard drive.
you can set your browser not to accept cookies and the below websites tell you how to remove cookies from your browser. however, in a few cases some of our website features may not function as a result.
for further information visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org
transmission of your data via the internet :
unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. any transmission is therefore at your own risk.
once we have received your data, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access. however, we cannot guarantee that any information you submit to us will be free from unauthorised third party intrusion.
how we use the data about you :
we use the data collected from our website in the following ways:
~: to provide you with information, products or services that you have requested from us or which we feel may interest you.
~: to allow you to participate in any interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so.
~: to notify you about changes to our service.
how we may share your personal data :
where appropriate, we may share your personal data with the following:
~: we may share your personal data with our affiliated companies (as defined at the top of this page)
~: we may sell or assign personal data to other third parties only in connection with the sale, merger, consolidation, change in control, transfer of substantial assets, reorganisation or liquidation of moksha recordings and or it’s affiliated companies, or any part of it.
~: we may also disclose your personal data when we believe in good faith that the law requires us to do so.
how to access your personal data and change or remove it :
you have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. if you would like a copy of your personal data, you may email us or write to us at the following address : moksha recordings, po box 102, london, e15 2hh. uk. we may make a small charge for this service.
you may ask us to correct or remove information that you think is inaccurate.
you can opt out of receiving any further messages from moksha recordings and our affiliated companies at any time by following the unsubscribe instructions in any message sent to you or by emailing us with “unsubscribe” in the subject header.
other websites :
our website may contain links to other websites which are outside our control and are not covered by this privacy policy. if you access other sites using the links provided, the operators of these sites may collect and process information from you in a way which is different to how we do so.
changes to our privacy policy :
we may modify, alter or otherwise update this privacy policy at any time. we will indicate any changes by updating the date at the top of the policy. we encourage you to review this policy from time to time.
how to contact us :
email
or write to us at : moksha recordings, po box 102, london. e15 2hh. uk
return to top of page
our website uses cookies. by continuing to use this site you are agreeing to our usage of cookies ~ close ~
about cookiescookies
Close
Necessary
Always Enabled