http://www.blackmountaingallery.com/privacy
Black Mountain Gallery
Menu
CONTACT US
about us
MARK LLOYD WILLIAMS
Muriel WILLIAMS
photography
drawing
Hand Made Prints
DIGITAL
PRIVACY
PRIVACY
We recognize privacy is a key concern. We may collect and store data to enhance website functionality, to learn more about what our customers like on our website and to enable on-line purchasing.WHAT DO WE COLLECT ?Data you provide to us: If you purchase anything, or take part in a promotion, we need your name, e-mail address and physical address. You provide these by filling in the form at the checkout.Cookies: These are small pieces of computer code our website sends to your computer. They help us see trends in purchasing and what sort of items interest our customer most. We use this information to target future advertising and promotions more accurately.We use Facebook Pixel to acquire marketing informationSquarePay cookies are used to enable on-line purchasing.Youtube cookies are used to enable video diplay within the siteLog information: Our website hosting company automatically stores information such as your browser type, browser language and the date and time of your request. It way also log the request made. Again, this may be used to give us broad insights into what people like about our site and where they come from.Credit Card Information: If you make a purchase, you will enter your card details into the secure Square Pay system. At no time do we handle or store these details or see your card information. Square have their own privacy policy.Customer Communications: We keep details of who has made purchases from us. This data in never shared or sold to third parties. It is necessary for us to maintain these records in case of refunds or returns.Opt-In mailing list: You may join our mailing list by filling in the appropriate form if you'd like us to keep you aware of new products. Again, we never share or sell this information to anyone.Other Sites: This policy applies to our website only. As we are linked to other sites such as Facebook and Youtube, we have no control over their privacy policies.Accessing or correcting information: We can be contacted at the address below if you require details of information we hold on you. You may request for it to be corrected or deleted at any time.Mark Lloyd WilliamsBlack Mountain Gallery2, Bryn Road,Cwmllynfell,Swansea, UK.
close lightbox