http://www.kx96.fm/index.php/privacy-policy
HomeKXtrasConcertsCANCELLATIONSEventsCANCELLATIONSVideoAudioPhotosOn-AirContact
Privacy PolicyKX96 respects your right to privacy and is committed to upholding principles of honesty and integrity in our relationship with our listeners and visitors to our websites. We have structured our on line activities in order to ensure that you have control over the disclosure of your own personally identifiable information.
This Privacy Policy has been designed to provide you with information concerning how information is collected and what use will be made of that information.
Durham Radio Inc, operates the KX96 website.
Frequently Asked Questions & Topics Concerning Personal Information
What is Personal Information?
Personal information may include such information as your name, e-mail address, mailing address, age, marital status, education level, financial information, birth date, preferences, opinions and information collected electronically via “cookies”.
Why does KX96 ask for personal information?
We ask for personal information when you enter contests, or provide comments about our programming or request information from our on-air personalities, participate in listener events (i.e. a listener club), or contact our news, sales and administrative departments. In order to access some features of the website, you may be requested to register or to voluntarily provide personally identifiable information. If you decline to provide this information you may not be able to utilize the entire website, and you may not be able to obtain certain products or services. However you will be able to access and visit many of the features on the website. Some of the personal information that we may request on the website allows us to contact prize winners. If you decline to provide personal information, you may not be eligible to enter a contest.
How does KX96 use information that it gathers about me?
KX96 uses information generally to compile statistical data, keep in contact with listeners and provide visitors to the website with an improved interactive experience. We may use your information for any of the following purposes: a) to improve the content of our website; b) to personalize and/or customize the content or information on the website for each visitor; (c) to notify visitors of updates to information on our website (d) to establish your eligibility for special offers and discounts; (e) to allow you to make postings on the website; (f) to provide you with information about products and services (including ours and those of third parties) in which you have indicated an interest; (g) to notify you of upcoming special programming or station events, (h) administer accounts;
(i) to provide internet security; (j) to provide customer support; (k) if you have entered a contest and been selected as the winner, to allow us and possibly our sponsors to contact you and/or publish your name and city of residence; (l) to access streamed audio; (m) to provide aggregated user statistics in order to describe our site or services to trading partners, advertisers or other third parties, and for other lawful purposes;
What are Cookies?
Cookies are text files that web browsers place on hard drives when websites are visited. Cookies cannot read personal information contained on a hard drive. The cookie does not identify an e-mail address or provide personal information.
Cookies may be used to help measure the number of visits to a website, time spent at the site, page views and to compile other statistical data relating to the use of websites. We may also use cookies, as a convenience for users.
If you do not want cookies placed on your computer, you can adjust settings to erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block all cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is accepted. Some features on a website may not function if your computer software is programmed not to accept cookies. Cookies may be used to remind us that you have returned to the website in order to find your account in our database. That allows you to access the website without the need to log in each time you visit the website. This also allows the website operator to determine the browser which visitors use, in order to ensure that the website works properly with different types of web browsers.
Cookies are also used to compile log data on web servers. This allows the determination of the number of visits to various pages on a website. This aggregate information is used to improve access to website pages and improve the efficiency of the website in order to accommodate more visitors. The log data collected through the use of cookies is not linked to any other personal data that is submitted online.
IP addresses are also collected for purposes of system administration and to create aggregate statistical reports for advertisers.
Sharing of Information
In some cases, we use outside companies to administer contests, promotional activities and other online functions on behalf of the radio station. This may also involve the collection of personal information. Where outside parties are retained, we ensure that they collect and retain the information in accordance with our privacy policies.
There could be situations where we are required by law, to provide personal information without your consent. Such situations could include emergency situations or where required by an order of government of a legal order.
We do not sell, share, rent, or otherwise make your personal information available to third parties without your consent. KX96, or its affiliated companies may send you information about our products and services that may be of interest to you. If you do not wish to receive these mailings, you can “opt out” of such mailings when you provide personal information. In the event that you have provided permission, but later change your mind, you can request that we remove you, from such mailings.
Privacy of Children
We will not knowingly collect, accept or retain personal information from visitors to our websites who are under the age of 13, unless we receive the consent of a parental or legal guardian. Such information will not be shared, sold or otherwise distributed to outside parties without the consent of the parental or legal guardian, unless we are compelled to provide the information by a court, governmental or other legal order. We advocate that parents and legal guardians monitor their children’s Internet use and caution them not to provide personal information to any website without the permission of the parental or legal guardian.
Linking to Third Party Content/Websites
This site contains links to other websites. Some of the websites are operated by advertising sponsors, community organizations and other independent parties. We are not responsible for any third party content. Once you leave our website, please review the linked website’s and third party content provider’s privacy policies. If you make a purchase through a linked third party website, any information relating to the transaction which you provide will be governed by the policies of the linked website’s operators. The linked websites are not under our control and we are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices or the content of third party websites or linked sites.
Guest books and bulletin boards.
Our websites contain guest books or bulletin boards or may feature forums (i.e. message boards and chat rooms) that enable our users to communicate with each other. We do not moderate and thereby are not responsible for the content of the guest books, bulletin boards or forums. Please be aware that posting of personal information including e-mail address or your name, becomes public and will be visible to others once posted on the guest book, bulletin board or forum. Information contained within your posting could be viewed, collected and used by any other visitor to the website and you could be exposed to unsolicited messages. That is beyond our control. Your posting of information on those pages is voluntary and the information once posted is no longer treated as private personal information. We strongly recommend that you do not post on any forum, private personal information about yourself or any other person.
Updating/Deleting your Information
When collected, KX96 enables our users to update/correct information which they previously submitted, that the user states is erroneous, provided that such activities do not compromise privacy or security interests. To update your information please contact the log-in function and update or delete your personal information from our database. Please note that we may not be able to completely delete a user’s record completely from the database without some residual information, due to system back ups and records of deletions.
Security
This site has reasonable security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and interception of information by third parties. Durham Radio Inc. or any of its affiliated companies assumes no liability for interception, alteration, or misuse of information transmitted over the Internet.
For more information about KX96’s privacy regime or how to contact the Privacy Officer at KX96, please visit: http://www.kx96.fm.
Search ...
Recently Played view all...view all..."
class="wrapper" >
No iframesLatest Facebook
KX96 New CountryLatest Tweets
Tweets by KX96
Concerts view all...
Washboard Union Christmas Radio Spe...
On Fri, 25. December 2020
Concerts
JoJo Mason, Shawn Austin, Kristin C...
On Thu, 14. January 2021
Concerts
Alan Doyle
On Fri, 22. January 2021
Danforth Music Hall
Concerts
Alan Doyle
On Sat, 23. January 2021
Danforth Music Hall
Concerts
Alan Doyle
On Thu, 28. January 2021
FirstOntario Centre
Concerts
Kane Brown
On Thu, 8. April 2021
Tribute Communities Centre
Concerts
Tanya Tucker
On Thu, 12. August 2021
Danforth Music Hall
Concerts
Events
view all...Fri Dec 11Christmas Lights in the Community
Fri Dec 11Old Scugog Road Festival of Lights
Fri Dec 11Share Your Holiday Spirit Outdoor Display Contest
Tue Dec 15 @ 6:30PM - 08:00PMVirtual English Conversation Circle
Fri Dec 18 @ 6:00PM - 09:00PMMerry & Bright Festival
Sun Dec 20 @ 1:00PM - 05:00PMConcert To Feed The Need 2020
Tue Dec 22 @ 2:00PM - 03:00PMCalling All Caregivers! – Pickering Support Group
Wed Dec 23 @10:00AM - 10:30AMWinter Wonderland Story Time
Thu Dec 24 @ 6:00PM - 07:00PMChristmas Eve Candlelight Service
The Weather Network