https://www.subbassdj.com/privacy-policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
SubBass Academy Privacy Policy
This Privacy Notice (“Notice”) sets out what personal
information SubBass DJ Academy LTD (“SubBass Academy”, “We”, “us”, “our”)
collects and how that information is processed when you visit the websites
located at
www.subbassdj.com (“Sites”) and/or the services provided from the
Sites (“Services”).
This Privacy Notice describes, in a clear and accessible
way, how SubBass Academy complies with data protection legislation. This
includes the purposes and legal basis for each type of processing, any
transfers or third party recipients of personal information, and the timescales
for storing and processing them. This Policy also outlines your rights and
obligations regarding data protection.
This Privacy Notice applies to all applicants, students,
alumni, subscribers and anyone else about whom SubBass Academy may have reasons
to collect and process data, including personal information, either online and/
or offline.
SubBass Academy is committed to protecting and respecting
your privacy. We only collect personal information necessary to provide the
services that you requested, the use of your personal information will not be
excessive and we take reasonable security measures to protect it. If we require
your consent for any specific use of your personal information, we will collect
it at the appropriate time and you can withdraw it at any time. We do not sell
your personal data to third parties under any circumstances or use your
personal information to carry out any wholly automated decision-making that
affects you.
This Statement applies only to this website. For example, it
does not apply to banners, advertisements or promotions we may sponsor or
participate in on websites owned by third parties. Other websites linking to or
from this website may have different policies and we are not responsible for
the privacy practices of such other sites. You should read any other applicable
privacy policies carefully before using other websites.
2. WHAT IS ‘PERSONAL INFORMATION’?
‘Personal information’ refers to any information which
relates to or identifies you as an individual (“Data subject”) of which the
following are examples: names, photographs, addresses, phone numbers, emails,
IP addresses, payment details, social media account ID, screen name/ nickname,
passport details, browser and device information, server log file information
and information collected through cookies.
3. YOUR RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS
You have the following rights (all of which are qualified in
different ways) under Data Protection law:
to be informed about how your personal information is being
used
to access the personal information, we hold about you
to request the correction of inaccurate personal information
we hold about you
to request we delete your personal information, or stop
processing/ collecting it
to withdraw consent to receiving marketing communications
from us
to request we transfer or port elements of your data either
to you or another service provider
to complain to your data protection regulator, which the UK
is the ICO
to request information about the reasoning behind any
automated decision
It is also your responsibility to ensure the information
about you that is held by SubBass Academy is correct and up-to-date. Please
keep us informed of any changes to your personal information by writing to us,
or if you have an account with us, by logging into your account to edit your
profile.
4. WHEN DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM YOU
Information is crucial to ensuring we can understand,
tailor, and deliver the best services to you. It helps us operate as
efficiently as possible and to make sure our interactions with you are timely
and relevant to you. To do this, we may collect information about you when you:
visit our website
subscribe to our newsletter
participate in our competitions
register for an event hosted by us
Enrol on a course
enquire about a course
engage with us on social media
5. WHAT IF I AM UNDER 18?
For the protection of children’s privacy, we require
parental consent from users who are under the age of 16, who wish to enquire
and/ or enrol our courses. If we become aware that a child under 16 has provided
us with personal information, we will request a parental consent otherwise we
will take steps to delete such information.
If you are over the age of 16 but under the age of 18, you
should review the terms of this Privacy Policy with your parent or guardian to
make sure you both understand them.
5.INTERNATIONAL TRANSFER
SubBass Academy uses external providers to process, store
and back-up our data. We also use cloud data storage. By default, data is
stored at data centres located in the UK or the EU but in exceptional
circumstances data may be processed at data centre outside UK/ EU. Your
personal information will only be transferred to countries whose data
protection laws have been assessed as adequate by the European Commission, or
where adequate safeguards, such as the EU-US Privacy Shield, are in place to
protect your personal information.
6. HOW CAN I ACCESS MY INFORMATION
You have the right, subject to certain exemptions, to access
a copy of your personal information that is held by SubBass Academy by
submitting a request (commonly known as a ‘subject access request’).
If you wish to make a subject access request, please email Info@subbassdj.com
On receipt of your request, payment of fee (if applicable),
verification of your identity, and sufficient details to enable us to locate
the information, SubBass Academy is obliged to respond within 40 calendar days.
The information will be supplied subject to any applicable exemptions. The data
will be provided as of the date of receipt of your request.
7. HOW TO CHANGE THE WAY WE CONTACT YOU
You have the right to stop receiving marketing
communications from us if you wish, you can do so at any time by one of the
following methods:
Click ‘unsubscribe’ in any of the previous emails we sent
you
Email info@subbassdj.com
to request your details be removed from our marketing service.
8. Cookie Policy
A “cookie” is a small amount of data sent from the server
and stored on your computer's hard drive. We use 'cookies' while you access the
Sites to avoid the need to re-enter details on different occasions.
Occasionally, we use session recording or click tracking software (e.g. Google
Analytics) to understand how you interact with our websites, for example by
scrolling the page, or clicking your mouse on a particular link.
The information is used for analysing sites activities and
generating insights to allows us to improve your online experience. Examples
include:
enabling our service to recognise your device so that you
don't have to give the same information several times during one task
recognising that you may already have given a username and
password so that you don't need to do it for every web page requested
measuring how many people are using services, to make the
services easier to use and to ensure sufficient capacity for quick delivery to
your web browser
adding new features or removing element that make the
website difficult to use
informing the choice of words and images that appear on the
site to improve responses to our campaigns
informing future changes to website design and functionality
Depending on the type of device you’re using and settings,
it may supply us with additional information about the device type, your
operating system, and details associated with this. Only your interaction with
our website is captured and we receive no information about other sites you may
view.
Most web browsers are automatically set up to accept
cookies, but you can set your browser to refuse cookies or ask your browser to
show you where a cookie has been set up. Please note that certain features of
the Sites are only activated by the presence of a cookie and if you choose to
refuse cookies these features may not be available to you. All modern browsers
allow you to change your cookie settings. These settings will typically be
found in the 'options' or 'preferences' menu of your browser.
Please note that we do not recommend turning cookies off
when visiting
www.subbassdj.com as this
will prevent you from using many of the services on the Sites. For further
information about cookies and how to control their use, please visit the following
third party educational resources:
www.allaboutcookies.org
If you have any queries about this Privacy Notice or would
like to exercise your rights, please contact us at info@subbassdj.com
The data controller of personal information collected through
this website is: SubBass DJ Academy LTD
The Sites, together with all content are owned or controlled
by SubBass DJ Academy LTD, with its registered office at 10 Royal Street,
London, SE1 7LL. By visiting the Sites, you are accepting and consenting to the
practices described in this Privacy Policy.