http://www.calgaryfilm.com/privacy-policy/
Your browser is no longer supported
To get the best experience, we suggest using a newer version of Internet Explorer/Edge, or
using another supported browser such as Google
Chrome.
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or make a purchase from www.ciffcalgary.ca (the “Site”).Personal Information We CollectWhen you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as “Device Information.”We collect Device Information using the following technologies:"Cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
“Log files” track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
“Web beacons,” “tags,” and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site.
Additionally, when you make a purchase or attempt to make a purchase through the Site, we collect certain information from you, including your name, email address, mailing address, and phone number. We refer to this information as “Order Information.”All customer payment info is submitted securely to our payment processor, Stripe, using the most stringent, PCI compliant security protocols. Neither the Calgary International Film Festival nor Eventive, our ticketing partner, store any sensitive customer credit card details. While hosted at Stripe, all card numbers are encrypted at rest with AES-256. Decryption keys are stored on separate machines. None of Stripe’s internal servers and daemons are able to obtain plaintext card numbers; instead, they can just request that cards be sent to a service provider on a static whitelist. Stripe’s infrastructure for storing, decrypting, and transmitting card numbers runs in separate hosting infrastructure and doesn’t share any credentials with Stripe’s primary services (API, website, etc.). You may request that your payment information be unlinked from your account by contacting us at any time. For more information on payment security, visit Stripe’s info page here.When we talk about “Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy, we are talking both about Device Information and Order Information.How Do We Use Your Personal Information?We use the Order Information that we collect generally to fulfill any orders placed through the Site (including processing your payment information, arranging for shipping, and providing you with invoices and/or order confirmations). Additionally, we use this Order Information to:Communicate with you;Screen our orders for potential risk or fraud; andWhen in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services.We use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the Site, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).Sharing Your Personal InformationWe share your Personal Information with third parties to help us use your Personal Information, as described above. For example, we use Eventive to power our online ticketing-you can read more about how Eventive uses your Personal Information here. We also use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site. You can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here. You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here.Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful requests for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.COVID-19: Your information will be safeguarded and not provided to any other person, organization, or government body unless a public health order is issued by Alberta Health Services. Thank you for assisting with contact tracing efforts during the COVID-19 pandemic.Behavioural AdvertisingAs described above, we use your Personal Information to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you. For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s (“NAI”) educational page here.You can opt-out of targeted advertising by:FACEBOOK - click hereGOOGLE - click hereBING - click hereAdditionally, you can opt-out of some of these services by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out portal click here.Do Not Track Please note that we do not alter our Site’s data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.Data RetentionWhen you place an order through the Site, we will maintain your Order Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.ChangesWe may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal, or regulatory reasons.Contact UsFor more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at info@ciffcalgary.ca. or by mail using the details provided below:#260, 999 8 St. SW Calgary, AB, T2R 1J5, Canada