https://www.realityblurred.com/realitytv/privacy-policy/
reality TV schedule
best reality TV
newsletter
support
send tips or feedback
home > privacy policy
reality blurred, a web site located at realityblurred.com, is owned and operated by Andy Dehnart, who values your privacy. Learn more about the site here.
This privacy policy outlines the types of personal information that may be received or collected by this site, and how it is used.
You can request that realityblurred.com erase any personal data held about you. That does not include any data realityblurred.com is obliged to keep for administrative, legal, and/or security purposes.
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please feel free to send a message.
Information you voluntarily submit
If you choose to submit personal information, such as by contacting realityblurred.com, we may collect the information you submit.
At no time should you submit any sensitive personal or confidential information to realityblurred.com via any method. If you elect to submit such information, realityblurred.com cannot be held responsible for it.
Contacting reality blurred
There are several ways you may contact realityblurred.com, including by sending an e-mail or text message. If you choose to contact the site, your message may, of course, include your information, such as your name, e-mail address, and/or phone number. Any personal contact information you choose to share will only be used to respond to you.
If you are sharing information for publication or for the purposes of realityblurred.com’s editorial content, that information may be published, and it may be attributed to you using your name.
Your personal information, such as your e-mail address or phone number, will not be publicly shared, unless you explicitly request that it be shared. And information submitted via the contact form or other methods will never be used for marketing purposes.
Comments
If you choose to comment on a realityblurred.com story, you’ll be using Spot.IM, a commenting service embedded on some realityblurred.com pages. The information you disclose in comments and your Spot.IM profile is up to you. You may delete your comments through your Spot.IM account at any time.
Refer to Spot.IM’s privacy policy for details about what information they may collect, how it is used, and how to remove your personal information..
If you choose to link your Spot.IM account to Facebook or another Internet account, other users may see your username, profile picture, and other information.
Contests
If you choose to enter a contest, contest information, such as a mailing address or e-mail address, will be used only as specified in the contest rules, such as to verify eligibility or to send you a prize, and may be provided to a third party or sponsor in order to send that prize. After the contest concludes, all personal information will be permanently deleted.
Newsletter
If you choose to subscribe to realityblurred.com’s e-mail newsletter, your e-mail address will be used to send you that newsletter. Newsletters are sent using Substack, which stores your e-mail address in order to send you those messages.
You can unsubscribe any time, using the link found in every message. Unsubscribing will permanently remove your e-mail address from realityblurred.com’s list of newsletter subscribers. Refer to Substack’s privacy policy for more information.
Children’s information
None of the content here is directed toward persons under eighteen years of age, and you should exit this site if you are under 18. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that their child has provided realityblurred.com with personally identifiable information without their consent, that parent or guardian should contact us. If we become aware that a child under thirteen has provided us with personally identifiable information, we will remove such information from our files.
Information that may be collected
Analytics and logs
realityblurred.com uses Google Analytics to track usage of the website and information about visitors, such as pages that were visited or what web browsers people are using to visit the site. Any data that’s gathered will not be linked to any information that is personally identifiable, and your IP address will be anonymized by Google Analytics.
In order to ensure network and information security and prevent fraud, the web servers that host realityblurred.com may generate and store access, usage, and/or error logs, which may include IP addresses of visitors to the site. Only authorized personnel have access to those sever logs, and they are automatically deleted after seven days.
Cookies
Cookies may be set in your browser when you visit this website, including by third-party services and as described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, in order to support advertising, social sharing, and other functions.
You can, at any time, prevent the setting of cookies by changing the settings in your web browser, including by permanently denying the setting of cookies. Furthermore, you may delete already set cookies at any time via your browser or other software programs.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content, such as YouTube or Facebook videos; tweets from Twitter; or comments from Spot.IM. Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as you’ve visited that website.
Those websites may collect data about you, use cookies to provide their content, embed additional third-party tracking, and/or monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Affiliate programs
realityblurred.com has affiliate marketing links—including for Amazon Associates and ShareASale—in some of its stories and pages, in order to earn commission-based revenue. If you click on one of these links, a cookie may be placed in your browser to track any sales, in order to provide realityblurred.com with commissions. No personally identifiable information will be received by realityblurred.com about any such affiliate purchases.
Mediavine Programmatic Advertising
realityblurred.com uses Mediavine to manage all third-party advertising on the website. Mediavine serves content and advertisements when you visit the website, which may use first and third-party cookies. A cookie is a small text file which is sent to your computer or mobile device (referred to in this policy as a “device”) by the web server so that a website can remember some information about your browsing activity on the website. The cookie may collect information relating to your use of the website, information about your device such as the device’s IP address and browser type, demographic data and, if you arrived at the website via a link from a third-party site, the URL of the linking page.
First party cookies are created by the website that you are visiting. A third-party cookie is frequently used in behavioral advertising and analytics and is created by a domain other than the website you are visiting. Third-party cookies, tags, pixels, beacons and other similar technologies (collectively, “Tags”) may be placed on the website to monitor interaction with advertising content and to target and optimize advertising. Each internet browser has functionality so that you can block both first and third-party cookies and clear your browser’s cache. The “help” feature of the menu bar on most browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new cookies, how to receive notification of new cookies, how to disable existing cookies and how to clear your browser’s cache. For more information about cookies and how to disable them, you can consult the information at www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/.
Without cookies you may not be able to take full advantage of the website content and features. Please note that rejecting cookies does not mean that you will no longer see ads when you visit our Site.
The website may collect IP addresses and location information to serve personalized ads and pass it to Mediavine. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices to opt-in or opt-out of this data collection, please visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp. You may also visit http://optout.aboutads.info/#/ and http://optout.networkadvertising.org/# to learn more information about interest-based advertising. You may download the AppChoices app at http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices to opt out in connection with mobile apps, or use the platform controls on your mobile device to opt out.
Mediavine partners with the following data processors:
Pubmatic. You may find Pubmatic’s privacy policy through this link. The data collected on the Website may be transferred to Pubmatic and its demand partners for interest-based advertising. Statistical information and other non-cookie technologies (such as eTags and web or browser cache) may be used by third parties on this Website. Browser settings that block cookies may have no effect on these technologies, but you may clear your cache to delete such trackers. Data collected from a particular browser or device may be used with another computer or device that is linked to the browser or device on which such data was collected.Criteo. You may find Criteo’s privacy policy through this link. The data collected on the Website may be transferred to Criteo and its demand partners for interest-based advertising. Criteo may collect, access, and use non-identifying data to improve the Criteo Technology and other Criteo products, programs, and/or services. This non-identifying data may include on-site user behavior and user/page content data, URLs, statistics, or internal search queries. The non-identifying data are collected through the ad call and stored with a Criteo cookie for a maximum period of 13 months.Pulsepoint. You may find Pulsepoint’s privacy policy through this link.LiveRamp. You may find LiveRamp’s privacy policy through this link. When you use the Website, we share information that we may collect from you, such as your email (in hashed, de-identified form), IP address or information about your browser or operating system, with LiveRamp Inc, and its group companies (‘LiveRamp’). LiveRamp may use a cookie on your browser and match your shared information to their on- and offline marketing databases and those of its advertising partners to create a link between your browser and information in those other databases. This link may be shared by our partners globally for the purpose of enabling interest-based content or advertising throughout your online experience (e.g. cross device, web, email, in-app, etc.) by third parties unaffiliated with our website. These third parties may in turn link further demographic or interest-based information to your browser. To opt out of LiveRamp’s targeted advertising, please go here: https://liveramp.com/opt_out/RhythmOne. You may view RhythmOne’s privacy policy through this link. RhythmOne uses cookies and similar tracking technologies (such as mobile device identifiers and digital fingerprinting) to provide its services. RhythmOne may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please visit the following webpage: http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.District M. You may find District M’s privacy policy through this link.YieldMo. You may find YieldMo’s privacy policy through this link. If you want to opt out of receiving interest based ads from Yieldmo or exercise your right under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) to opt-out of the sale of your personal information, you may do so through this link.The Rubicon Project. You may find Rubicon’s privacy policy through this link. If you want to opt out of receiving interest based ads from Rubicon or exercise your right under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) to opt-out of the sale of your personal information, you may do so through this link. You may also utilize the Network Advertising Initiative’s opt-out page, the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page, or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page.Amazon Publisher Services. You may find Amazon Publisher Services’ privacy policy through this link.AppNexus. You may find the AppNexus privacy policy through this link.OpenX. You may find OpenX’s privacy policy through this link.Verizon Media formerly known as Oath. You may find Verizon Media’s privacy policy through this link. You may also utilize the Network Advertising Initiative’s opt-out page, the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page, or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page to opt-out of the use of cookies for interest-based advertising.TripleLift. You may find TripleLift’s privacy policy through this link. To opt out of receiving interest-based advertising (including retargeting) from TripleLift’s services through the use of cookies in your current browser and for more information on what it means to opt-out, please go to www.triplelift.com/consumer-opt-out.Index Exchange. You may find Index Exchange’s privacy policy through this link. You may also utilize the Network Advertising Initiative’s opt-out page, the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page, or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page to opt-out of the use of cookies for interest-based advertising.Sovrn. You may find Sovrn’s privacy policy through this link.GumGum. You may find GumGum’s privacy policy through this link. GumGum may (i) use place and use cookies on end users’ browsers or use web beacons to collect information about end users who visit such Publisher Websites and (ii) link such collected end user information to other end user information provided by third parties in order to deliver targeted Advertisements to such end users.Digital Remedy. You may find Digital Remedy’s privacy policy through this link.MediaGrid. You may find MediaGrid’s privacy policy through this link. MediaGrid may collect and store information about end-user interactions with this website through cookies, advertising IDS, pixels and server-to-server connections. MediaGrid was receive the following information: the page an End-User has requested and the referring/exit pages; Timestamp information (i.e., the date and time the End-User has visited the page); IP address; mobile device identifier; device model; device operating system; browser type; carrier; gender; age; geolocation (including GPS coordinates); clickstream data; cookie information; first-party identifiers’; and hashed email addresses; demographic and inferred interest information; and post-conversion data (from both online and offline behaviour). Some of this data is gathered from this website and others is gathered from advertisers. MediaGrid uses this data to provide its services. You may also utilize the Network Advertising Initiative’s opt-out page, the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page, or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page to opt-out of the use of cookies for interest-based advertising or review their privacy policy for more information.RevContent – You may find RevContent’s privacy policy through this link. RevContent may collect information about your browser or device, including browser type, IP Address, device type, user agent string, and operating system. RevContent also collects information about the websites you visit through their services, such as date and time of access and specific pages accessed and the content and ads you click on. You may opt-out of any personalization track by opting-out of RevContent’s data collection.Centro, Inc. – You may find Centro’s privacy policy through this link. You may find opt-out information for Centro’s services through the privacy policy link.33Across, Inc. – You may find 33Across’s privacy policy through this link. To opt-out of personalized advertising, please visit https://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1.Conversant. LLC – You may find Conversant’s privacy policy through this link. Conversant uses information that does not directly identify you, such as information about your browser type, time and date of visit, your browsing or transaction activity, the subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over, and a unique identifier (such as a cookie string, or a unique advertising identifier provided by your mobile device) during your visits to this and other websites and apps in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. Conversant may use technologies such as cookies and other tracking technologies to collect this information. To learn more about interest-based advertising, or to opt-out, you can visit www.youronlinechoices.eu or https://www.networkadvertising.org/.
realityblurred.com itself has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers. realityblurred.com’s privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.
Who your data is shared with
As noted elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, realityblurred.com uses third-party services to provide content and services to you. We may also share your information with third parties when you explicitly authorize us to share your information.
Each third-party service provider’s use of information is dictated by their respective privacy policies. realityblurred.com currently uses these third-party service providers:
Substack, to send newsletters to those who choose to subscribeSpot.IM, for comments and discussion about storiesGoogle Analytics, to track usage of the site
How long your data is retained, and your rights
E-mail addresses for newsletter subscriptions are kept until you unsubscribe.Messages you send to realityblurred.com may be kept indefinitely.Contest entries are kept until one week after the conclusion of the contest.IP addresses in server log files are deleted after seven days.Data you submit to a third-party service, such as comments left on Spot.IM or e-mail address submitted to Substack, is subject to those services’ privacy and data retention policies.
If you have chosen to submit personal data, you can request any data you have provided, and can also request that realityblurred.com erase any personal data we hold about you. That does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Other important things you should know
Except when required by law, realityblurred.com will not sell, distribute, or reveal your personal information without your consent. However, in rare circumstances, realityblurred.com may disclose some or all of your personally identifiable information to the government, law enforcement officials, or private parties if we, in our sole discretion, believe it necessary or appropriate to comply with the law; to respond to legal complaints; to comply with a legal process (including subpoenas); to protect the rights of realityblurred.com and/or its agents; to ensure the safety of the public or any person; and/or to prevent or stop any illegal, unethical, or legally questionable activity.
realityblurred.com may also need to disclose or transfer personal information collected here to third parties who acquire all or part of the site, or in connection with any proceeding brought by or against the site.
Changes to this policy
If realityblurred.com’s information practices change at some time in the future, policy changes will be posted to this page. Thanks for reading.
Updated: June 2, 2020
Reality TV in your inbox
Get reality TV news, reviews, and recommendations in your inbox every week.My hand-crafted newsletter is sent every Friday, and is free. (You can also upgrade to get bonus content via e-mail, including a preview of the week's premieres.)
subscribe now
about reality blurred
reality blurred is your guide to the world of reality TV and unscripted entertainment, with reality show reviews, news, and analysis. It was created in 2000 by Andy Dehnart. He's still writing and publishing it today.
reality blurred is regularly updated with highlights from the world of reality TV: news and analysis; behind-the-scenes reports; interviews with reality TV show cast members and producers; and recaps and reviews of these reality TV shows, including Survivor, Big Brother, The Great British Baking Show, Shark Tank, The Amazing Race, The Bachelor, Project Runway, Dancing with the Stars, Top Chef, and many more.
As an Amazon Associate, I earn from qualifying purchases.
explore
reviews of reality TV showsbehind the scenes reportsinterviews with producers and reality starsrecaps of reality TV showsarchivessend tipssearchadvertise on reality blurred