http://www.first-avenue.com/about/privacy
Calendar
Merch
News
About
Contact
First Ave & 7th St Entry
7th St Entry
Palace Theatre
The Fitzgerald Theater
Fine Line
Turf Club
Privacy Policy
At First Avenue and the 7th St Entry, and First Avenue Presents, and its affiliated sites, including first-avenue.com and turfclub.net, among others, we understand that your privacy is important, and provide this Privacy Policy to explain what information we collect from you, and how that information is used.
Please check back for Policy updates, which will be indicated by a change in the date listed at the top of this page. This privacy policy incorporates terms of use.
1.0 Information We Collect.
When you visit our Site, we collect certain information related to your use and navigation of the site, which we use to analyze and improve our Services. We may also use cookies, a small piece of information stored on your computer to help us provide specific Site Services and personalize your experience. While you can disable cookies using tools found on your browser, you may find that the Site’s features do not work as well when cookies are disabled.
When you sign up for an account to access the services provided on the site, you will also provide us with information, including your name, email address and zip code, and other information that can be used to personally identify you.
We do not intentionally collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If you are a parent or guardian of a child who has provided us with information, please contact us at the link below and we will delete any information inadvertently collected from that child.
2.0 How We Use Your Information.
The information we collect will allow us to analyze your use of the site, to develop content and to better provide services that may be of interest to you. We may also use this information to contact you with announcements and information related to our Services. Additionally, we may share your information to comply with legal or regulatory requirements.
3.0 Posting on Forums and Blogs
While no registration is required to view the forums, participants wishing to post a message must register by creating an account with first-avenue.com. The personal information provided by First Avenue Forums participants as part of this registration process is governed by our First Avenue Privacy Policy and First Avenue Terms of Use. This personal information is not shared with third parties.
Ideas, opinions, and viewpoints of participantsThe ideas, opinions, and viewpoints expressed in the First Avenue Forums belong solely to its participants. First Avenue Night Club does not necessarily agree or disagree with, or in any way endorse comments posted to these forums.
Inappropriate materialIn the spirit of a healthy and helpful community, profanity, spam, personal attacks, flaming, racial slurs and other inappropriate postings are not tolerated. Such material may be edited or removed, and egregious or repeat offenders will be banned from future participation in the First Avenue Forums.
In Summary:
We here at first avenue hate the following…
spampeople who sell email addresses to other companies
THEREFORE, WE WILL DO NEITHER.
You can expect:
A twice-weekly email update about newly announced shows, and shows we have coming upExclusive ticket giveaways and special content for you
Venue Tours
Frequently Asked Questions
Restaurants
Your downtown danceteria since 1970
© 2020 First Avenue®. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy
built with help from