http://www.cincinnatisymphony.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to Main Content
CSO Homepage /
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra is committed to protecting the privacy of our supporters, our customers, and visitors to our website.  We have adopted the following Privacy Policy, which outlines for our website visitors how personal information is processed and used.
Information Collected
The information we collect includes IP address, name, street address, telephone number, e-mail address and credit card information. The IP address is automatically acquired to help administer our website, gather demographic information, and to diagnose problems with our server. Your name, street address, telephone number, and email address will be collected only if you provide that information to The Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra through our website at the domain names: www.cincinnatisymphony.org, www.cincinnatipops.org, www.cincinnatisymphony.net, www.cincinnatisymphony.net, www.cincinnatipops.com, www.csoencore.org, www.csogiving.org, www.csogroups.org, www.csogroupsales.org, www.popsgiving.org or by any other means. Any credit card information collected by The Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra is masked in order to prevent misuse. Purchases made via our website are handled by a secure server.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user.  Cookies may be used by The Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra to track and target the interests of users to enhance their experience on the website.  Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on the website.  If a user rejects the cookie, they may still use the website.
Use of Information
The Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra does not sell, rent, swap any of the collected information listed above.  The Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra, or entities working on behalf of the CSO, may occasionally send out mailings to email accounts or street addresses regarding upcoming events, new products and services, patron research, or special offers.  If you do not wish  to receive such information, please call or write to the phone number or address provided below.  Unmasked credit card information will not be provided to any third party.
Links
This website contains links to other websites not necessarily affiliated with The Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra. The Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra is not responsible for the content of other websites linked from www.cincinnatisymphony.org, www.cincinnatipops.org, www.cincinnatisymphony.net, www.cincinnatisymphony.net, www.cincinnatipops.com, www.csoencore.org, www.csogiving.org, www.csogroups.org, www.csogroupsales.org, www.popsgiving.org or for the privacy practices of those websites.
Children
In order to comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), The Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra will not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen (13).   In the event a child under the age of 13 accesses our website and provides us with personal information without parental or guardian consent, a parent or guardian may contact us to have the information removed from our records.
Changes to the Policy
In the future we may use customer information for other uses not disclosed in the above privacy policy.  If our practices change, we will make the necessary adjustments to this policy. You should review this policy each time you visit our website in order to learn of any changes.
GDPR:
Residents of the European Union who would like to receive a copy of or ask for the deletion of their personally identifiable data may contact Melissa Scott, Director of Data Systems at mscott@cincinnatisymphony.org.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments regarding this privacy policy, please contact us at:
Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra1241 Elm StreetCincinnati, OH 45202(513) 621-1919information@cincinnatisymphony.org