http://www.sofiadigital.com/terms-and-conditions/
Our offering
HbbTV
Smart TV apps
DVB Broadcast
Streaming
Testing
R&D services
Terms and conditions
This statement is applicable on this site only. By accessing this site you agree on the terms described herein.
Privacy statement
Sofia Digital appreciates your interest in this site. Web servers gather automatically information about the visitors, such as date, time, IP address and browser. This information can be used by Sofia Digital for administrative purposes and designing this site. Any type of information used for these purposes do not disclose personal information that would permit Sofia Digital to identify individual visitors.
Sofia Digital’s full privacy policy can be found here: https://sofiadigital.com/privacy-policy/
Copyright
Sofia Digital Web sites (http://www.sofiadigital.com/, http://www.sofiadigital.fi) are protected under the Copyright Law and international conventions.
Disclaimer
All material available on Sofia Digital Web site is provided “as is” and “as available”. Sofia Digital does not warrant the accuracy and completeness of the content on this Web site. The content on this Web site may be out of date and Sofia Digital makes no commitment to update the Web site. Sofia Digital does not warrant that the site is error-free, accessible at all times or uninterrupted.
Sofia Digital assumes no responsibility for any damage or loss caused by material included on the pages or modification of the material, or for damages caused by inability to use or access the pages. Sofia Digital reserves the right to revise the pages or withdraw access to them at any given time.
Links to other sites
The linked sites are not under the control of Sofia Digital unless explicitly stated otherwise. Sofia Digital is not responsible for the content of any linked site or any link contained on a linked site. Sofia Digital reserves the right to terminate any link at any time. Links to third party sites do not have an implication of endorsing the sites in question, nor the content on the sites.
READ MORE ABOUT Terms and conditions
30.9.2020
Join our team!
24.9.2020
Sofia Digital is the winner of CSI Awards 2020: Best network delivery technology
15.6.2020
Sofia Digital to offer RiksTV validation service
14.5.2020
Sofia Digital webinars in spring 2020
Follow us
Subscribe to newsletter
Join our team!
Contact us