https://www.zct.org/privacy-policy/
Zanesville Community Theatre, Inc.940 Findley Avenue,
Zanesville,
Ohio 43701Shows & Events
58th Season: 2020 – 2021
2021 Summer Theater Day Camp
Setting the Stage for Growth
Setting the Stage for Growth Projects
Past Shows & Events
About
Board Of Directors
History
Why we like ZCT
Costume Rentals
Privacy Policy
Ghosts?
Outreach
Annual Angel Tree Benefit
Annual Carr Center Cake Auction
Community Fundraisers
Get Involved
Audition
Direct a Show
Buy A Ticket Package
Sponsor A Show
Donations
Box Office
Policies
Ticket Prices
Group Rates and Info
Privacy Policy
Gallery
Directions
Donate to ZCT one-time or reoccurring for New Seats or any project
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy tells you how we use personal information collected at this site. Please read this Privacy Policy before using the site or submitting any personal information. By using the site, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. These practices may be changed, but any changes will be posted and changes will only apply to activities and information on a going forward, not retroactive basis. You are encouraged to review the Privacy Policy whenever you visit the site to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used.
Note, the privacy practices set forth in this Privacy Policy are for this website only. If you link to other websites, please review the privacy policies posted at those sites.
For example, if you purchase tickets to our events on-line, then please review the Privacy Policy posted on Tix, Inc.’s web site. Their policy is listed here: http://www.tix.com/privacy.html
Collection of Information
We collect personally identifiable information, like names, postal addresses, email addresses, etc., when voluntarily submitted by our visitors. The information you provide is used to fulfill your specific request.
Distribution of information
We may share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when: (1) permitted or required by law; or, (2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or, (3) investigating fraud which has already taken place. The information is not provided to these companies for marketing purposes.
Commitment to Data Security
Your personally identifiable information is kept secure. Only authorized employees, agents and contractors (who have agreed to keep information secure and confidential) have access to this information.
rev: July 2015
We’re celebrating over 55 consecutive seasons in operation
... and it is all thanks to the enthusiasm and support we have received from you, our audiences over the years!
Help us continue our tradition with our Setting the Stage for Growth Initiative
Setting the Stage for Growth Initiative
About Us
Zanesville Community Theatre, Inc. (ZCT) is a wholly volunteer organization, having no paid staff positions. We serve the Zanesville and Southeastern Ohio areas, and are dedicated to the production of plays, musicals, and other dramatic presentations; and to the education of our members and the communities we serve.
We are a
501(c)(3) non-profit.
Box Office Sales
Buy Tickets Now
Email Newsletter
Join our mailing list for updates!
Search
ZCT
940 Findley Avenue
Zanesville, Ohio 43701
(740) 455-6487
Contact Us
Stay Connected
EmailFacebookInstagramRSSTwitter
Copyright © 2020 Zanesville Community Theatre, Inc.
·
Site Map
Site by
w3sights
·
WordPress
·
Log in   ·