http://www.broomhillart.co.uk/information/privacy.html
home
sculpture gardens
picture tour
artists
featured projects
children, groups and dogs
accessibility & parking
sales and commissions
in the park
montgomery trust
picture competition
art gallery
National Sculpture Prize
NSP Winners
2019 Finalists
your vote
how to enter
nsp archive
sponsors
Hotel
picture tour
tariff
offers
reservations
events
reviews
art gallery
Restaurant
picture tour
about our food
celebrations
reviews
Conferences
picture tour
catering and accommodation
equipment
capacity and rates
special requirements
terms and conditions
Weddings
picture tour
packages
menus
info and prices
enquiries
reviews
terms and conditions
Music
picture tour
coming-up
booking
enquiries
two night stay
previous gigs
Information
the art of doing
opening times & admission
finding us
accessibility & parking
children, groups and dogs
schools
things to do in the area
subscribe to our newsletter
privacy
terms, conditions and copyright
what our guests say
Join our mailing list
Follow us
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
Open Source Slideshow Software by WOWSlider.com v3.4
Useful links...
Finding Us
Accessibility & Parking
Contact Us
Newsletter Subscribe
Links
Things to do in the Area
Opening Times & Admission
Privacy Policy
Photo Competition
The Art of Doing
What Our Guests Say
Terms, Conditions & Copyright
Education
Privacy Policy of Broomhill
At Broomhill Art Hotel & Sculpture Gardens, we are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors. This policy sets out how we will treat your personal information.
What information do we collect?
We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal information:
information about your computer and about your visits to and use of this website including your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views, and website navigation;
information relating to any transactions carried out between you and us on or in relation to this website, including information relating to any purchases you make of our goods or services;
information that you provide to us for the purpose of registering with us;
information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our website services, email notifications and/or newsletters;
any other information that you choose to send to us
Before you disclose to us the personal information of another person, you must obtain that person's consent to both the disclosure and the processing of that personal information in accordance with the terms of this privacy policy.
Using your personal information
Personal information submitted to us via this website will be used for the purposes specified in this privacy policy or in relevant parts of the website.
We may use your personal information to:
improve your browsing experience by personalising the website;
enable your use of the services available on the website;
send you goods purchased via the website, and supply to you services purchased via the website;
send you our newsletter and other marketing communications relating to our business which we think may be of interest to you, by post or, where you have specifically agreed to this, by email or similar technology (and you can inform us at any time if you no longer require marketing communications);
deal with enquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to the website;
keep the website secure and prevent fraud;
verify compliance with the terms and conditions governing the use of the website
We will not provide your personal information to any third parties for the purpose of direct marketing.
All our website financial transactions are handled through our payment services provider, PayPal. You can review the PayPal privacy policy here. We will share information with PayPal only to the extent necessary for the purposes of processing payments you make via our website, refunding such payments and dealing with complaints and queries relating to such payments and refunds.
We will not share your personal information with or sell it to third-party marketers.
We may use the following third-party service providers named below to process and store your data:
Mailchimp (The Rocket Science Group, LLC), which we use to manage email marketing subscriber lists and send emails to our subscribers. Read their privacy policy.
Disclosures
We will only disclose your personal information to our employees insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy policy.
In addition, we may disclose your personal information:
to the extent that we are required to do so by law;
in connection with any ongoing or prospective legal proceedings;
in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk);
to the purchaser (or prospective purchaser) of any business or asset that we are (or are contemplating) selling; and
to any person who we reasonably believe may apply to a court or other competent authority for disclosure of that personal information where, in our reasonable opinion, such court or authority would be reasonably likely to order disclosure of that personal information.
Except as provided in this privacy policy, we will not provide your information to third parties.
Security of your personal information
We will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
We will store all the personal information you provide on our password protected servers.
You acknowledge that the transmission of information over the internet is inherently insecure, and we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the internet.
You are responsible for keeping your login details confidential.
Policy amendments
We may update this privacy policy from time to time by posting a new version on our website. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes.
Your rights
You may instruct us to provide you with any personal information we hold about you. Provision of such information will be subject to:
the payment of a fee (currently fixed at GBP 10); and
the supply of appropriate evidence of your identity [(for this purpose, we will usually accept a photocopy of your passport certified by a solicitor or bank plus an original copy of a utility bill showing your current address)].
We may withhold such personal information to the extent permitted by law.
You may instruct us not to process your personal information for marketing purposes, by sending an email to us] In practice, you will usually either expressly agree in advance to our use of your personal information for marketing purposes, or we will provide you with an opportunity to opt out of the use of your personal information for marketing purposes.
Third party websites
The website contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of third party websites.
Updating information
Please let us know if the personal information which we hold about you needs to be corrected or updated.
Contact
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our treatment of your personal information, please write to us by email to info@broomhillart.co.uk; (b) by telephone to 01271 850262; or (c) by post to Broomhill Art Hotel & Sculpture Gardens, Muddiford, Barnstaple EX31 1RF.
Data controller
The data controller responsible in respect of the information collected on this website is Broomhill Art Hotel and Sculpture Gardens.
SCULPTURE PARK  |  ART HOTEL  |  RESTAURANT  |  GALLERY
Broomhill Art Hotel, Muddiford, Barnstaple, North Devon EX31 4EX     01271 850262     info@broomhillart.co.uk
Images shown are either of works of art at Broomhill or by artists who are, or have been, featured at Broomhill. They may not be on display when you visit.