http://www.tripletsandus.com/terms.htm
Triplets and Us is dedicated to everything we love. Terms of Use and Privacy Information
Terms of Use and Privacy Information
You may use the content of this site only for the purpose of your Entertainment. No portion of this site shall be duplicated, resold or used for profit.
All information, content, photos, and graphics on this site are protected by U.S. copyright and international treaties and may not be copied or distributed without the express permission of Triplets and Us, or by the commercial entity that owns or distributes that product. All commercial product copyrights and trademarks are upheld.
DO NOT copy or adapt the HTML, scripts or graphics created by Triplets and Us Web Design. It also is covered by our copyright.
Reference herein to any specific commercial product, trade name, trademark manufacturer, or otherwise, does not necessarily constitute or imply its endorsement, recommendation, or favoring by Triplets and Us.
Some content on Triplets and Us has been gathered from other web sites. Triplets and Us thanks these sites for the use of their content, and any external copyright is upheld.
Downloading Software
You can download third-party software (games, music) from Triplets and Us, but please remember that Triplets and Us does not create, endorse, or sponsor that software. If you download any third-party materials, you do so completely at your own risk. If you plan to download any software, please be sure to read the copyright and licensing information first.
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. Triplets and Us gathers no information about you. You maintain anonymous throughout our site. We therefore sell no content about you.
Ads
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Website. These companies may use information (NOT including your name, address email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.
Home | About Us | Our Triplets | Growing Up in the 80s | Play Classic Arcade Games | Disney
Copyright © 2019. Triplets and Us. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
Our Story
David
Ricki
Our Dogs
Ella
Cleo
Our Children
Zachary
Hannah
Lindsey
Our Business
ThePersonalNote.com
Our Triplets
Main Page
Our Infertility Story
Pregnancy
The Birth
Birth Statistics
NICU Stay
Size and Weight Charts
Latest Updates
Updates Main Page
0 - 1 Month Updates
1 - 6 Month Updates
6 - 12 Month Updates
12 - 24 Month Updates
2 - 3 Year Updates
3 - 4 Year Updates
4 - 6 Year Updates
6 - 12 Year Updates
Teenage Updates
Growing Up in the 80's
Main Page
80s TV
80's Films
80s Music
80s Song Lyrics
80s Culture
80s News & Events
80s Arcade Games
Play Arcade Games
Play NES Games
Mobile Phone NES Games
Play Atari 2600 Games
Play Colecovision
Virtual NES Emulator
Even more Flash Games...
Buy 80's Merchandise
Music and Albums
Arcade Games
Films and Movies
Books
80s Online Forums
TV & Films
Music
Arcade Games
Memories
Classic Arcade Games
Play Free Classic Arcade Games
Play Free Nintendo (NES) Games
Mobile Phone NES Games
Play Free Atari 2600 Games
Play Colecovision Games
Virtual NES Emulator for Windows
Even more Flash Games...
We Love Disney
Download Disney Clipart
Play Disney Music
Web Development
Home Page
E-Commerce
Features
Portfolio
Pricing
Contact Us