http://www.reba.com/privacy-policy
Events
News
Music
Acting
Television
Movies
Theatre
About
M&G PHOTOS
FAQ
SHOP
Official Merchandise
Reba at Dillard's
Reba By Justin Boots
REBA.COM PRIVACY NOTICE EFFECTIVE MAY 25, 2018This Privacy Notice describes how Reba’s Business, Inc. (referred to in this Privacy Notice as “Reba,” “we,” “us,” or “our”), as the operator of the website www.reba.com(the “Site”), collects information when you visit, access or use the Site. It also explains how we use and disclose the information we collect from you, and your rights in relation to that information. By accessing, visiting or using the Site, you expressly consent to our collection, storage, use and disclosure of your information as described in this Privacy Notice. Please note that if you disagree with anything in this Privacy Notice, you must not use the Site.  1. Information Collected through the Site.A. Information You Directly and Voluntarily Provide to Us. If you are a visitor to the Site,we may collect information that you provide to us when you communicate with our support departments such as customer service or technical services. You must provide your first and last name and email address to us if you choose to submit a request through the Site for additional information about the Site and the products and services that Reba offers.  If you sign up for our mailing list, we will collect your first and last name and email address.  B. Information Automatically Collected Through the Site.  We may automatically collect information about you when you use the Site. For example, if you access the Site through a computer, we will automatically collect information such as your browser type and version, computer and connection information, IP address and standard web log information.  If you access the Site through a mobile device, we may also be able to identify the location of your mobile device.   You may choose not to share your location details with us by adjusting your mobile device’s location services settings.  For instructions on changing the relevant settings, please contact your service provider or device manufacturer.We may automatically collect information from you when you use the Site using “cookies” and other similar technologies, such as web beacons.  Cookies are small amounts of data that are stored within your computer’s Internet browser and that are accessed and recorded by the websites that you visit so that they can recognize the same browser navigating online at a later time.Information that may be collected by cookies when you use the Site may include, without limitation: the pages you visit within the Site; the date and time of your visit to the Site; the amount of time you spend using the Site;the Internet Protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet; and/oryour computer and connection information such as your browser type and version, operating system and platform.You can set your browser to reject cookies or to notify you when you are sent a cookie. However, if you disable cookies you may not be able to use certain features of the Site. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set on your device and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.  C. Information Collected by Third Parties throughThird Party Links and Content.  The Site may include links to other websites and other content from third party businesses, including links to third party online shops where you can buy Reba merchandise.  These third party businesses may use cookies, web beacons or other similar technology to collect information about you.  Reba does not have access to or control over these third parties or the cookies, web beacons or other technology that these third parties may use.  We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these third parties or the content on any third party website.  You are encouraged to review the privacy policies of the different websites you visit and of the advertisers whose ads you may choose to click while on our Site (see Section 3 below for additional information about Online Advertising).   D. Information Collected Directly by Third Party Analytics Services and other Service Providers.  We may work with third party analytics services to help us understand how the Site is being used, such as tracking the frequency and duration of use of the Site. We may use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”), to collect information about your use of the Site. Google and these analytics services may use cookies to collect information about the content you view, what websites you visit immediately prior to and after visiting the Site, and your system information and geographic information. The information generated by these cookies about your use of the Site will be transmitted to and stored by the applicable analytics services. The information collected by these analytics services allows us to analyze your use of the Site.  We also work with a company called Mailchimp to manage and provide email services related to requests for marketing materials and information that you submit through the Site. Mailchimp processes your email address if you provide you email address through the Site. In addition, we may work with a company called OpenFan to collect your email address and other information about you.  If you elect to join our email list through your Google or Facebook account, OpenFan may track your email address and email content to find out information about your interests and preferences, such as where you like to shop or what other artists you listen to. By joining our email list through your Google or Facebook account, you authorize OpenFan to scan and/or parse and store on its servers the contents of your email inbox (Gmail) or your Facebook account. If you do not want OpenFan to collect this information, you may elect not to provide your email address to us through your Google or Facebook account, or you can opt out by following the following link: https://openfan.com/opt-out.E. Information You Share on Third Party Websites or through Social Media Services. The Site may include links to third party websites and social media services where you will be able to post content, information and other materials.  Your use of these third party websites and social media services may result in the collection or sharing of information about you by these third party websites and social media services. We encourage you to review the privacy policies and settings on the third party websites and social media services with which you interact to make sure you understand the information that may be collected, used, and shared by those third party websites and social media services. F. Information You Provide When You Make a Purchase through the Site. The online store provided through the Site is run by our third party service provider Araca Merchandise L.P. (“Araca”) and any data collection and processing activity in connection with information submitted or purchases made through our online store is described in and subject to Araca’s Privacy Policy located here. 2. How We Use the Information We Collect.We use the information we gather through the Siteto help us operate the Site and better understand how the Site and our products and services are being used, including for the following purposes:Fulfillment of Requests. If you provide your information to us for a particular purpose we will use the information you provide for the applicable purpose. For example, if you contact us with a question about the Site or about Reba, we will use the information you provide to respond to your question, or if you send us a request for an autographed photo, we will use the address you provide to send you the photo.Operation of the Site.We use the information we gather through the Site to help us better understand how the Site and our products and services are being used. By identifying patterns and trends in usage, we are able to better design the Site to improve your experience.  Direct Marketing Communications. If you sign up for our mailing list, we may use the information you provide to send you marketing communications relating to the Site and our business generally. If you no longer wish to receive these marketing materials, please follow the instructions contained in the applicable marketing communication that allows you to unsubscribe from receiving these types of communications from us. If you unsubscribe from our marketing communications, we will remove your email information from our marketing list.3. Online Advertising; Tracking.Reba and third party businesses may use the information collected through the Site using cookies, web beacons, and other similar technologies to help manage online advertising programs.  This information may enable us, as well as third-party advertising services and other third-party businesses to track the actions of users online over time and across different web sites or platforms to measure statistics relating to marketing efforts, and to deliver electronic advertisements that may be more relevant to individual consumers and that will improve the consumer experience. For information about how tracking works for online advertising purposes, and what happens when you elect a do-not-track option, visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices.  In addition, some third party businesses may provide a mechanism to opt-out of their technology.  For more information about the opt-out process, you may visit the Network Advertising Initiative website, available at: http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp. Do Not Track:  Your browser may allow you to adjust your browser settings so that “do not track” requests are sent to the websites that you visit.  However, Reba will not disable tracking technology that may be active on the Site in response to any “do not track” requests that we receive from your browser.4. How We Share Your Information with Third Parties.We do not sell or rent user information we collect through the Site to any third parties for their own marketing purposes. In the event Reba wants to sell or rent your information to third parties for their own marketing purposes in the future, we will notify you and you will have an opportunity to affirmatively opt-in to receiving these third party marketing communications. Reba does share your information with third parties in some limited circumstances as follows: A. Third-Party Processors and Third-Party Service Providers. We will disclose your information to our contractors, affiliates, distributors, dealers, vendors and suppliers (“Service Providers”) who provide certain services to us or on our behalf, such as operating and supporting the Site, analyzing data, or performing marketing or consulting services.  These Service Providers will only have access to the information needed to perform these limited functions on our behalf. B. Response to Subpoenas or Court Orders or to Protect Rights and to Comply with Our Policies. To the extent permitted by law, we will disclose your information to government authorities or third parties if: (i) required to do so by law, or in response to a subpoena or court order; (ii) we believe in our sole discretion that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect against fraud, to protect the property or other rights of us or other users, third parties or the public at large; or (iii) we believe that you have abused the Site by using it to attack other systems or to gain unauthorized access to any other system, to engage in spamming or otherwise to violate applicable laws. You should be aware that, following disclosure to any third party, your information may be accessible by others to the extent permitted or required by applicable law.C. Business Transfers; Bankruptcy. In the event of a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy or other sale of all or a portion of our assets, any user information owned or controlled by us may be one of the assets transferred to third parties. We reserve the right, as part of this type of transaction, to transfer or assign your information and other information we have collected from users of the Site to thirdparties.  Other than to the extent ordered by a bankruptcy or other court, the use and disclosure of all transferred user information will be subject to this Privacy Notice. However, any information you submit or that is collected after this type of transfer may be subject to a new privacy policy adopted by the successor entity.D. Aggregate Information.  We may share information relating to users of the Site with affiliated or unaffiliated third parties on an anonymous, aggregate basis. While this information will not identify you personally, in some instances these third parties may be able to combine this aggregate information with other data they have about you, or that they receive from third parties, in a manner that allows them to identify you personally.  5. Children Under Age 13.The Site is not intended for children under age 13, or for anyone under age 18 or the applicable age of majority without involvement of a parent or guardian.  We do not knowingly collect or distribute personal information from or about children under the age of 13.6. Security.We implement industry standard security measures intended to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Please be aware that no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, Reba cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit on or through the Site and you do so at your own risk.7. Amendments to this Privacy Notice.We may occasionally make changes to this Privacy Notice. When we make material changes to this Privacy Notice, we’ll provide you with prominent notice as appropriate under the circumstances, e.g., by displaying a prominent notice within the Site or by sending you an email. 8. Special Notice for Users Located Outside of the United States of America.At this time, the Site is only intended to be available to residents of the United States of America and it is not intended to be directed to anyone residing outside of the United States of America.  If this current limitation changes, we expect that the Privacy Notice available to non-U.S. residents will reflect the laws and regulations of the territories where the Site is intentionally made available. 9. Accessing, Changing and Managing Your Information.You may request changes to the information you have provided to us by contacting us using the contact form located here. Following receipt of a request from you, we will take reasonable steps to update, correct or delete your information as requested.10. How to Contact Us.Please also feel free to contact us using the contact form located here if you have any questions about this Privacy Notice.