https://www.live4ever.uk.com/terms-conditions/
HomePrivacy & Terms
RESALE OR DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES:
Live4ever does not sell, rent, loan, trade, or lease any personal information collected at this site, including membership forms or email lists.
ANALYTICS
Live4ever uses software programs to create statistics that are used for assessing what information is of most or least interest to our users, determining optimal technical design specifications, and identifying system performance issues. Live4ever strives to provide the best experience for our Web site users. To help us achieve this goal, Live4ever collects and stores the following information:
* * The name of the domain from which you access the Internet
* * The Internet Protocol address of the computer you are using
* * The date and time you access the site
* * The pages you visit
* * The Internet address of the Web site from which you linked directly to our site
* * Characteristics of your system configuration including browser type, operating system, monitor resolution, and connection speed.
COMMENTS
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection
If you choose to provide us with personal information, as in an e-mail message, Live4ever will use this information to respond to your request. Except for the foregoing exceptions and for authorized law enforcement activities, Live4ever does not share e-mail with outside organizations without obtaining your permission.
COOKIES
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
AFFILIATE AD SERVERS
With respect to our affiliates: We try and bring you offers that are of interest to you and have relationships with other companies that we allow to place ads on our Web pages. As a result of your visit to our site, ad server companies may collect information such as your domain type, your IP address and clickstream information. For more information, consult the privacy policies of:
Awin
Addthis
Google Adsense
Google
Lijit
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers’ respective websites.
Click to visit
Privacy Manager
COPYRIGHTS
All photos, articles, titles and content contained herein were collected freely from the internet or contracted for or produced by Live4ever and are believed to be either public domain or owned outright by Live4ever.
CONTACT
Live4ever wants to hear from any copyright owners who are not properly identified on this Web site so that we may make the necessary corrections.
If you believe you own the copyright to any images or content that appears on this site and need it taken down, please send an email to paul.bachmann @ Live4ever.uk.com
EXTERNAL LINKS
These links are being provided as a convenience and for informational purposes only; they do not constitute an endorsement or an approval by Live4ever of any of the products, services or opinions of the corporation or organization or individual. Live4ever bears no responsibility for the accuracy, legality or content of the external site or for that of subsequent links. Contact the external site for answers to questions regarding its content.
CONTENT SUBMISSION
By posting or submitting any materials (including but not limited to any games, videos, movies, audio, music, creative material, remarks, ideas, graphics, photos, comments, product concepts, flash, and suggestions for improving or changing existing content) to this Website, you automatically grant (or warrant that the owner of such rights has expressly granted) to Live4ever royalty-free, nonexclusive, perpetual and irrevocable right and license to use, reproduce, modify, publish, edit, translate, perform, display and distribute such materials alone or as part of other works in any form or technology now known or later developed, (you waive any moral rights you may have in having the material altered or changed in a manner not agreeable to you) and to sublicense such rights through multiple tiers of sublicensees.
You warrant that any materials you upload, post, email or otherwise distribute, publish or transmit on Live4ever contains nothing that will give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any local, state, national or foreign law, including nothing that is harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, invasive of another’s privacy or publicity rights, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane or indecent, or that constitutes an infringement of anyone’s patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary right, or derivative rights with respect thereto.
User acknowledges and agrees that Live4ever neither endorses the contents of any user communications nor assumes responsibility for any threatening, libelous, obscene, harassing or offensive material contained therein, any infringement of third party intellectual property rights arising therefrom or any crime facilitated thereby. User understands that by using Live4ever.us the user may be exposed to content that is offensive, indecent or objectionable.
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
INDEMNIFICATION
By using this site and the content obtained on the site, you agree to indemnify, hold harmless and defend Live4ever from any claims, damages, losses, liabilities, and all costs and expenses of defense, including but not limited to, attorneys’ fees, resulting directly or indirectly from a claim by a third party that is based on your use of this content or use from your computer in violation of these terms.
The information and opinions expressed in reviews, articles, links and media files found on this website do not necessarily reflect those of Live4ever or its affiliated or related entitities. Live4ever makes no representations of warranties regarding that information or those ideas or opinions.
Your use of the Live4ever website constitutes your acceptance and agreement without modification of these terms of use.
Live4ever Media LLC © 2002-2020
Leave a Reply Cancel Reply
TRENDING
REVIEWS
Album Review: The White Stripes – Greatest …
Album Review: Various Artists – Brits & …
Review: Laundromat – Green EP
Album Review: Tourists – Another State
Album Review: The Jacques – The Four …
Features
Live4ever Interview: ‘It felt back to where …
Live4ever Interview: Goat Girl reflect on the …
Live4ever Interview: Cabbage talk survival and releasing …
Live4ever Presents: Katy J Pearson
Live4ever Interview: James Walsh on new Starsailor …