http://www.earlycinema.com/term/policy/
Entertainment
How-Tos
Make Money Online
Contact
Privacy Policy
If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by email at Contact Us.
At https://earlycinema.com/ we consider the privacy of our visitors to be extremely important. This privacy policy document describes in detail the types of personal information is collected and recorded by https://earlycinema.com/ and how we use it.
Log Files
Like many other Web sites, https://earlycinema.com/ makes use of log files. These files merely logs visitors to the site - usually a standard procedure for hosting companies and a part of hosting services's analytics. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. This information is used to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
Cookies and Web Beacons
https://earlycinema.com/ uses cookies to store information about visitors' preferences, to record user-specific information on which pages the site visitor accesses or visits, and to personalize or customize our web page content based upon visitors' browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.
DoubleClick DART Cookie
-> Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on https://earlycinema.com/.
-> Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our site's visitors based upon their visit to https://earlycinema.com/ and other sites on the Internet.
-> Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL - http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Our Advertising Partners
Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include ...
Google
Other
While each of these advertising partners has their own Privacy Policy for their site, an updated and hyperlinked resource is maintained here:
Privacy Policies.
You may consult this listing to find the privacy policy for each of the advertising partners of https://earlycinema.com/.
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology in their respective advertisements and links that appear on https://earlycinema.com/ and which are sent directly to your browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons) may also be used by our site's third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on the site.
https://earlycinema.com/ has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
Third Party Privacy Policies
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. https://earlycinema.com/'s privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites. You may find a comprehensive listing of these privacy policies and their links here:
Privacy Policy Links.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers' respective websites.
What Are Cookies?
Children's Information
We believe it is important to provide added protection for children online. We encourage parents and guardians to spend time online with their children to observe, participate in and/or monitor and guide their online activity.
https://earlycinema.com/ does not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian believes that https://earlycinema.com/ has in its database the personally-identifiable information of a child under the age of 13, please contact us immediately (using the contact in the first paragraph) and we will use our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This privacy policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website and regarding information shared and/or collected there.
This policy does not apply to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.
Consent
By using our website, you hereby consent to our privacy policy and agree to its terms.
Update
This Privacy Policy was last updated on: Thursday, November 1st, 2018.
Should we update, amend or make any changes to our privacy policy, those changes will be posted here.
Cookies Policy
This is the Cookie Policy for UXStyle, accessible from earlycinema.com
What Are Cookies
As is common practice with almost all professional websites this site uses cookies, which are tiny files that are downloaded to your computer, to improve your experience. This page describes what information they gather, how we use it and why we sometimes need to store these cookies. We will also share how you can prevent these cookies from being stored however this may downgrade or 'break' certain elements of the sites functionality.
For more general information on cookies see the Wikipedia article on HTTP Cookies.
How We Use Cookies
We use cookies for a variety of reasons detailed below. Unfortunately in most cases there are no industry standard options for disabling cookies without completely disabling the functionality and features they add to this site. It is recommended that you leave on all cookies if you are not sure whether you need them or not in case they are used to provide a service that you use.
Disabling Cookies
You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser Help for how to do this). Be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit. Disabling cookies will usually result in also disabling certain functionality and features of the this site. Therefore it is recommended that you do not disable cookies.
You can learn how to manage cookies on your web browser by following the Browser Cookies Guide.
The Cookies We Set
Forms related cookies
When you submit data to through a form such as those found on contact pages or comment forms cookies may be set to remember your user details for future correspondence.
Third Party Cookies
In some special cases we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties. The following section details which third party cookies you might encounter through this site.
This site uses Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solution on the web for helping us to understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content.
For more information on Google Analytics cookies, see the official Google Analytics page.
The Google AdSense service we use to serve advertising uses a DoubleClick cookie to serve more relevant ads across the web and limit the number of times that a given ad is shown to you.
For more information on Google AdSense see the official Google AdSense privacy FAQ.
Several partners advertise on our behalf and affiliate tracking cookies simply allow us to see if our customers have come to the site through one of our partner sites so that we can credit them appropriately and where applicable allow our affiliate partners to provide any bonus that they may provide you for making a purchase.
More Information
Hopefully that has clarified things for you and as was previously mentioned if there is something that you aren't sure whether you need or not it's usually safer to leave cookies enabled in case it does interact with one of the features you use on our site.
However if you are still looking for more information then you can contact us through one of our preferred contact methods:
Email: cinemaearly@gmail.com
Popular Posts
Free Movie Streaming Sites
BIN Checker Service
How to Get iMessage on PC 2020 Edition
How to Get Paid to be an Online Virtual Friend
iPhone is Disabled Connect to iTunes
Realistic Easy Ways to Make Free Money Now 2020
Highest Paying Survey Sites to Make Money Online
How to Activate iPhone Without SIM Card
Top Best Classified Sites in USA
Proven Ways to Make Money on Snapchat
Best Free Mac Cleaners in 2020
Best Free Movie Applications To Watch Movies Online
How to Fix Apple iPhone Won't Turn on Problem?
Get FREE Gifts here. Or something cool for Freebies nothing but free stuff.Once done, hit anything below
Refresh