http://www.grooveradio.com/privacy-policy/
Apps
Android
iOS
Videos
Contests
Events
Culture
Groove Radio Intl
Charts
Watch Back
Listen Back
Listen
Watch
Apps
Android
iOS
Videos
Contests
Events
Culture
Groove Radio Intl
Charts
Watch Back
Listen Back
grooveradio.com PRIVACY POLICY
grooveradio.com has created this Privacy Statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy and to limiting the collection and use of personal information to what is necessary to facilitate our business, to provide you with the highest quality experience, and to offer you information we think will be of interest. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices.
Our site’s registration form collects personal information (like name or email address) and demographic information (like zip code or age) from our visitors on a voluntary basis only. We use customer contact information from the registration form to send the user information about our company and promotional material from some of our partners. The user’s contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary. This information is shared with advertisers on an aggregate basis only.
This site contains links to other sites. grooveradio.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
We have a variety of special relationships with other companies, including “powered by” partners, business partners, sponsors, and co-branded sites. We may share any of the information we have collected from you with our business partners on an aggregate basis. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings.
We may run contests on our site in which we ask visitors for contact information (like their email address) and demographic information (like their zip code or age). We use contact data from our contests to send users information about our company and promotional material from some of our partners. The customer’s contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings.
We use an outside ad company to display ads on our site. These ads may contain cookies. While we use cookies in other parts of our Web site, cookies received with banner ads are collected by our ad company, and we do not have access to this information. Some customer data is shared with the advertising companies on an aggregate basis.
This site will make blog posts, message boards and/or other forums available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this web site, you can contact groove@grooveradio.com
grooveradio.com ACCEPTABLE USE
grooveradio.com provides this internet site and related services subject to your compliance with these terms and conditions. Your continued use of this site evidences your agreement to them. Please read the following information carefully:
All pages within this site are the property of Groove Radio or its affiliates. All material on this site is protected by copyrights that are owned or controlled by Groove Radio or by other parties that have licensed their material to Groove Radio. Material from the site may not be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted or distributed in any way absent Groove Radio’s prior written consent. Modification of the materials or use of the materials for any purpose other than personal, non-commercial use is a violation of copyright and other proprietary rights. The use of any such material on any other web site or networked computer environment, or their re-distribution or syndication, is prohibited absent Groove Radio’s prior written consent.
“Groove Radio” and the “Groove Radio” logo are trademarks and service marks of Groove Radio. All other trademarks, service marks and logos used on this site are the trademarks, service marks or logos of their respective owners.
Without Groove Radio’s prior permission, access to the site does not grant to you the right to reproduce, copy, or distribute by any means, method, or process, now known or later developed, any of the musical compositions, sound recordings, pictorial or photographic images, video or film footage, text, HTML, applications, or other “content” transmitted through the site, such as by way of transferring or downloading them to a computer hard drive, or otherwise copying them onto any other storage medium. In addition, access to the site does not grant to you the right to perform publicly, by any means, method, or process, now known or later developed, any of the above when transmitted by Groove Radio through the site, including any transmission, retransmission, or further transmission of them.
Groove Radio has made every effort to secure appropriate clearances for all proprietary intellectual properties used on this site. If you believe any material on this site is infringing, please contact groove@grooveradio.com immediately.
This site, including any content or information contained within it or any site-related service, is provided “as is” with no representations or warranties of any kind, either expressed or implied, including the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. Though we do our best, Groove Radio does not warrant that the functions contained in or the materials on the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that the site or the server that makes them available are free of viruses or other harmful components. Groove Radio does not warrant or make any representations regarding the use or the results of the use of the materials in the site, in terms of their correctness, accuracy, reliability, or otherwise. You assume total responsibility and risk for your use of this site and all site-related services. Groove Radio is not responsible for the content of any sites that may be linked to this site. The linked sites are for your convenience only, and you access them at your own risk.
Groove Radio, its affiliates and sponsors, are neither responsible nor liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, special, exemplary, punitive or other damages arising out of or relating in any way to the site, site-related services or content, or information contained within the site. Your sole remedy for dissatisfaction with the site and/or site-related services is to stop using the site or those services.
Although Groove Radio attempts to ensure the integrity and accurateness of the site, it makes no guarantees as to the correctness or accuracy of the site. It is possible that the site could include inaccuracies or errors, and that unauthorized additions, deletions and alternations could be made to the site by third parties. In the event that an inaccuracy arises, please inform Groove Radio so that it can be corrected. Groove Radio’s e-mail is groove@grooveradio.com.
The material you read in the site is provided solely for entertainment and promotional purposes. The information and opinions expressed in blog posts, message boards, or other forums conducted on the site are not necessarily those of Groove Radio or its affiliated or related entities or content providers. Groove Radio makes no representations or warranties regarding that information or those opinions. Neither Groove Radio nor its affiliated or related entities or its content providers are responsible or liable to anybody, including persons who may use or rely on such data or materials, or to whom such data or materials may be furnished, for any loss, damage (whether actual, consequential, punitive or otherwise), injury, claim, liability or other cause of any kind or character based upon or resulting from any information or opinions provided at the site.
Any notes, message or billboard postings, ideas, suggestions, concepts or other material submitted will become the property of Groove Radio throughout the universe, and Groove Radio shall be entitled to use the material for any type of use forever including in any media whether now known or later devised. When you submit material to the site, you agree that Groove Radio has the right to publish the material for any type of use as outlined above, including promotional and advertising purposes.
Groove Radio is not responsible for any material posted or submitted by users in any e-mails, blog posts, message boards, or other forums. You shall not submit or otherwise publish any content that libels, defames, invades privacy, or is obscene, pornographic, abusive, or threatening; infringes any intellectual property or other right of any entity or person, including violating anyone’s copyrights or trademarks; violates any law; advocates illegal activity; or advertises or otherwise solicits funds or is a solicitation for goods or services (unless it is on a page that specifically is devoted to auctions, classified advertising, or some other appropriate purpose). “Spamming” is prohibited. You will indemnify Groove Radio and its officers, directors, employees, agents, distributors and affiliates from and against any and all third-party claims, demands, liabilities, costs or expenses, including reasonable attorney’s fees, resulting from your breach of any of the foregoing agreements, representations and warranties.
Some users may find materials on this site to be objectionable. Some content may be sexually explicit, advocate violence, or use indecent language, and may be inappropriate for minors. If you are concerned about this issue, please discontinue access to this site. If you are under 18 years of age, you should obtain your parent or legal guardian’s consent prior to using the site.
Unless otherwise specified, all materials in the site are presented solely for the purpose of entertainment and promoting programs, music and other products available in the United States, its territories, possessions and protectorates (though they also may be available elsewhere). This site is controlled and operated by Groove Radio from its offices within the State of California, U.S.A. Groove Radio makes no representation that materials on the site are appropriate or available for use in other locations. Those who choose to access this site from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable. Use of or access to the site should not be construed as the purposeful availment of the benefits or privilege of doing business in any state other than the State of California by Groove Radio.
This agreement shall be governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of California, as it is applied to agreements entered into and to be performed entirely within such state. Any action you, any third party, or Groove Radio bring to enforce this agreement, or in connection with any matters related to this site, shall be brought only in either the state or Federal courts located in Los Angeles County, California. You expressly consent to the jurisdiction of said courts.
If any provision of this agreement shall be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from this agreement, and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. This is the entire agreement between the parties, and may not be modified except in writing, signed by Groove Radio.
Groove Radio reserves the right to change or update these terms and conditions of use at any time. Any changes or updates will be effective immediately upon posting to the site.
© 2018 grooveradio.com. All rights reserved.
About UsOur Story
Contact
Groove Radio © 2020 All Rights Reserved
Privacy Policy
Current track
TITLE
ARTIST
GrooveRadio