http://www.verobeachartclub.org/privacy-policy
Home
About
All Events
About Us
Membership
Club Collectibles
Advertising & Sponsors
Volunteer Opportunities
Contact
Sitemap
Art Exhibits/For Sale
2020 Virtual Galleries
Art Club Annex & Gallery
Art By The Sea
Art In The Park
Art Trail
Other Exhibits & Sales
New Dimensions
Under The Oaks
Education
Classes
Teacher Proposal
Open Studios
Salons
Workshops
Scholarships
Members
Artist Applications
Calendar
Current Members
Featured Member
Forms
Meetings
Notifications
Renew Online
Privacy Policy
Vero Beach Art ClubPrivacy PolicyOur Privacy Policy is in place to protect your private information. It is in effect until such time as a revised Privacy Policy is posted on our website. By using our website, you signify acceptance of our Privacy Policy.Gathering Information on Users: Vero Beach Art Club receives aggregate reports on the use of and traffic visiting our site from our hosting company and its third party services. This information may include your URL, Browser type, Operating System, IP Address, general location and other information. It is not sold or released to any third party companies for the purpose of marketing, contacting you or for any other use. It is simply used to provide you the best experience possible while on our website. This information does not contain any personal data including your email address, name, specific location or other identifiable information. For more information, see our Terms of Use. Submitting Your Information On Our Forms: By filling out the Applications or other online Forms, you are supplying us with personal information solely for the purpose of obtaining details required to apply for our events, membership or other services. Your personal information is gathered only for that purpose and is never sold, shared with, or released to anyone other than employees or members of the Vero Beach Art Club. You supply this personal information at your discretion and freely without recourse in any way. You must be 18 years of age or older to use our form. If you are under the age of 18, please do NOT fill out our form. Cookies: Vero Beach Art Club website uses cookies (small pieces of information stored in your browser to more quickly load websites) to learn more about the way in which people use our site. Cookies allow us to tell what type of browsers are used, which in turn helps us create a site that is accessible to most users. It also may tell us which areas of our site are visited most and help us make design decisions based on user traffic. Cookies typically do not store personal data on users that visit our site. You may disable Cookies on your browser, however that may prevent you from using certain features. You also may, at your discretion, clear your Cookies from time to time in your browser, which is another option. Our Hosting Company: Squarespace hosting for the Vero Beach Art Club uses a secure firewall to keep out unauthorized users and ensure the integrity of our systems. Since we do not use commerce or collect any personal information from our users, the information collected is only used to create statistical analysis on the traffic visiting our site. Minors: We do not directly target or market to minors and do not wish to collect any personal information on anyone under the age of 18. Users filling out our form are informed that they must be 18 years of age or older to use our form. We have a plainly visible notice that requests that no one under the age of 18 (Minors) use the Form on our Contact page. If you are applying for Junior Membership, we ask that you download and print out the Junior Membership and have your parent or legal guardian read, approve and sign the application. This policy is to protect minors on the internet and is not intended to prevent access by our Junior Members. To the parent or guardian of a Junior Member using our website, be assured that we make every effort to provide a safe environment for your child, but we can not be held responsible for all content on the internet or for links we make to external sights. Legal Information Requests: We reserve the right to share any information upon the request of any law enforcement or government agency as deemed appropriate or necessary.If you have any questions regarding our Privacy Policy or our Website, please send us an email. Thank you for visiting our site and we hope you enjoy your experience.If you do not agree to the terms of our Privacy Policy, please do not use this site.Back to the Top