http://www.halloweenmovies.com/terms-of-use/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebar Skip to footerNEWS
FEATURE ARTICLES
FILM SERIES
MERCH
EVENTS
IN THEATERS
Halloweenmovies.com (the “Site”) is owned and operated by Trancas International Films within the United States. These terms of service or “TOS” apply to and govern your use of this Site and the Services (as defined below). Your use of the Site and/or any Service signifies your agreement to be bound by these Terms of Service and the Trancas International Films Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy”), which is hereby incorporated by reference.
For purposes of the TOS, the following defined terms shall have these meanings: (A) “Services” shall mean any and all services on, or provided by, the Site, whether or not such services are also provided or delivered by other means or media such as software or wireless devices; (B) “Site” shall mean this site; (C) “Site Content” shall mean any and all human readable patent audio and/or visual elements of this Site, created or owned by Trancas International Films, or third parties, including, without limitation, any text, graphics, images, illustrations, photographs, animations, video, audio or audiovisual works (including, for example, without limitation, movie trailers or episodic works), designs, logos, information, and other content made available through the Site; (D) “Site Code” means any and all underlying elements of the Site, including without limitation, source code, script, object code, software, computer programs, and other sets of statements and instructions contained in the underlying Site; (E) “User Account” means any account created by you, through a registration process for the purpose of accessing or using certain Services.
LICENSE TO USE THE SITE
Trancas International Films grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited right and license to access, use and privately display the Site and the Site Content as described herein for your personal use only, by way of one (1) computer connected to the Site over the Internet, provided that you comply fully with these TOS. You may “cache” pages of the Site for the sole purpose of increasing the speed and efficiency at which you access the Site. Any other copy or use of a portion of the Site is not authorized, will be a violation of these TOS and will constitute a copyright violation. You shall not interfere, or attempt to interfere, with the operation of the Site in any way through any means or device, including, but not limited to, spamming, hacking, uploading computer viruses or time bombs, or any other means expressly prohibited by any provision of these TOS or by law.
CHANGES TO SITE AND/OR TERMS OF SERVICE
Trancas International Films reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, modify, add or remove any portion of the Site, the Site Content, the TOS, and/or the Privacy Policy, in whole or in part, at any time. Changes to the TOS and Privacy Policy will be effective when posted. You agree to review the TOS and Privacy Policy periodically to become aware of any changes. Your use of the Site after any changes to the TOS and/or Privacy Policy are posted will be considered acceptance of those changes and will constitute your agreement to be bound thereby.
OWNERSHIP OF TRADEMARKS, COPYRIGHTS, INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
The Site, Site Content, Site Code, and all copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade names and all other intellectual property or property rights therein are proprietary to Trancas International Films and are owned by Trancas International Films and/or its licensors and content providers, and are protected by applicable domestic and international copyright laws. Unless expressly permitted in writing by Trancas International Films, you shall not copy, capture, reproduce, perform, transfer, sell, license, modify, manipulate, create derivative works from or based upon, republish, upload, edit, post, transmit, publicly display, frame, link, distribute, or exploit in whole or in part the Site, the Site Content or Site Code, or otherwise use the Site, Site Content or Site Code on any other web site, other networked computer environment, or in any medium now known or hereafter developed (each, an “Unauthorized Use”). Any Unauthorized Use constitutes an infringement of the copyrights and other proprietary rights of Trancas International Films and/or its licensors and content providers and constitutes a violation of these TOS. Any violation of copyright laws may be subject to severe civil and criminal penalties.
LINKED SITES
Trancas International Films sites may frame, and/or contain links to or advertisements about, non-Trancas International Films Web sites. Other sites may also reference, advertise, or link to Trancas International Films sites. Trancas International Films does not endorse or sponsor other Web sites and is not responsible for the content of such sites. Trancas International Films expressly disclaims any statements or assertions made on non-Trancas International Films Web sites, and denies all liability associated with your use of, and the content on, such other sites and advertisements.
NON-UNITED STATES RESIDENTS
Trancas International Films makes no representation that the Site Content, including merchandise offered for sale on the Site, and their copyrights, trademarks, patents, and licensing arrangements, are appropriate or available for use in locations other than the United States of America. Those who choose to access the Site from locations outside of the U.S.A. do so on their own initiative and at their own risk, and are responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable. With respect to shipments of merchandise to consumers, wherever they may reside, title to the merchandise and risk of loss shall pass to the buyer upon delivery of the merchandise to the common carrier.
JURISDICTIONAL ISSUES
The Site is controlled and operated by Trancas International Films from its offices within the State of California, United States of America. Use of this Site constitutes your consent and submission to service of process under applicable United States or California law and to personal jurisdiction in a court of competent jurisdiction in the State of California for the purposes of any legal action or claim pertaining to these Terms of Service, or arising from the use of your User Account and/or any Trancas International Films Site or Service.
COPYRIGHT NOTICE
If you believe that any Submissions or any Site Content has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please forward the following information to the Copyright Agent named below: Your name, address, telephone number, and email address; A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed; The exact URL or a description of where the alleged infringing material is located; A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest; and A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf. Copyright Agent 2021 Pontius Avenue 2nd floor Los Angeles, CA 90025 E-Mail: CAagent@trancasfilms.com By this notice, Trancas International Films seeks to preserve any and all exemptions from liability that may be available under the copyright law, but does not necessarily stipulate that it is a service provider as defined in 17 USC Section 512c or elsewhere in the law of the United States or any state or territory within the United States.
GOVERNING LAW; ARBITRATION
These Terms of Service shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to the choice of law principles thereof. You agree that any and all disputes or controversies of any nature between them arising at any time shall be determined by binding arbitration in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) before a single neutral arbitrator (“Arbitrator”). The Arbitrator shall be an attorney or retired judge with at least ten (10) years experience in the software industry and shall be mutually agreed upon by you and Trancas International Films (collectively, “the parties”). If the parties are unable to agree on an Arbitrator, the Arbitrator shall be appointed by the AAA. The fees of the Arbitrator shall be borne equally by the parties, provided that the Arbitrator may require that such fees be borne in such other manner as the Arbitrator determines is required in order for this arbitration clause to be enforceable under applicable law. The parties shall be entitled to conduct discovery in accordance with Section 1283.05 of the California Code of Civil Procedure, provided that (a) the Arbitrator must authorize such discovery in advance based on findings that the material sought is relevant to the issues in dispute and that the nature and scope of such discovery is reasonable under the circumstances, and (b) discovery shall be limited to depositions and production of documents unless the Arbitrator finds that another method of discovery (e.g., interrogatories) is the most reasonable and cost efficient method of obtaining the information sought. There shall be a record of the proceedings at the arbitration hearing and the Arbitrator shall issue a Statement of Decision setting forth the factual and legal basis for the Arbitrator’s decision. If neither party gives written notice requesting an appeal within ten (10) business days after the issuance of the Statement of Decision, the Arbitrator’s decision shall be final and binding as to all matters of substance and procedure, and may be enforced by a petition to the California Superior Court, which may be made ex parte, for confirmation and enforcement of the award. If either party gives written notice requesting an appeal within ten (10) business days after the issuance of the Statement of Decision, the award of the Arbitrator shall be appealed to three (3) neutral arbitrators (the “Appellate Arbitrators”), each of whom shall have the same qualifications and be selected through the same procedure as the Arbitrator. The appealing party shall file its appellate brief within thirty (30) days after its written notice requesting the appeal and the other party shall file its brief within thirty (30) days thereafter. The Appellate Arbitrators shall thereupon review the decision of the Arbitrator applying the same standards of review and all of the same presumptions) as if the Appellate Arbitrators were a California Court of Appeals reviewing a judgment of the California Superior Court, except that the Appellate Arbitrators shall in all cases issue a final award and shall not remand the matter to the Arbitrator. The decision of the Appellate Arbitrators shall be final and binding as to all matters of substance and procedure, and may be enforced by a petition to the California Superior Court, which may be made ex parte, for confirmation and enforcement of the award. The party appealing the decision of the Arbitrator shall pay all costs and expenses of the appeal, including the fees of the Appellate Arbitrators and the reasonable outside attorneys’ fees of the opposing party, unless the decision of the Arbitrator is reversed, in which event the expenses of the appeal shall be borne as determined by the Appellate Arbitrators. The Arbitrator shall have the power to enter temporary restraining orders, preliminary and permanent injunctions. Prior to the appointment of the Arbitrator or for remedies beyond the jurisdiction of an arbitrator, at any time, either party may seek pendente Lite relief in a court of competent jurisdiction in Los Angeles County, California without thereby waiving its right to arbitration of the dispute or controversy under this section. All arbitration proceedings (including proceedings before the Appellate Arbitrators) shall be closed to the public and confidential and all records relating thereto shall be permanently sealed, except as necessary to obtain court confirmation of the arbitration award. The provisions of this paragraph shall supersede any inconsistent provisions of any prior agreement between the parties. Nothing in this paragraph shall prevent either party from seeking interlocutory and/or injunctive relief from a court of competent jurisdiction pursuant to the preceding paragraph.
THE PARTIES HEREBY WAIVE THEIR RIGHT TO JURY TRIAL WITH RESPECT TO ALL CLAIMS AND ISSUES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT WHETHER SOUNDING IN CONTRACT OR TORT, AND INCLUDING ANY CLAIM FOR FRAUDULENT INDUCEMENT THEREOF.
SEVERABILITY
If any provision of the TOS shall be held unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these Terms of Service and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS
You agree to comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations in connection with your activities under this TOS, including without limitation the applicable regulations of the U.S. Department of Commerce and the United States Export Administration Act, as amended to assure that the Site Content, Site Code, and the Software are not exported in violation of the United States laws.
Effective Date: July 1, 2008
Primary SidebarSearch this website
FOLLOW US ONLINE
FacebookInstagramTwitterYouTube
Feature Articles
“It’s shocking, as it doesn’t seem that much time has passed!” Halloween: The Curse of Michael Myers … [Read More...] about EXCL: On Its 25th Anniversary, Writer Daniel Farrands Looks Back at Halloween: The Curse of Michael Myers – Part 1Halloween Kills' Jamie Lee Curtis took to Instagram yesterday with the below behind-the-scenes video … [Read More...] about Halloween Kills’ Jamie Lee Curtis Shares Behind-the-Scenes Video from SetFor many, the nostalgia of small-town drug stores of the 50’s through 80’s endures, from the soda … [Read More...] about Return to Halloween 4: Where’s Haddonfield’s Vincent Drug, and What’s It Look Like Now?MORE FEATURED ARTICLES
FooterFacebookInstagramTwitterYouTube
Privacy Policy
|
Terms of Use
|
Legal Notices
HalloweenMovies.com could care less about cookies, but because this is a [WORDPRESS] site, they are present solely to provide you with the best experience on the website, which if you continue to use this website you acknowledge you are agreeable to this. Please also know that HalloweenMovies.com will NEVER sell or utilize your data in any way.    Ok    Privacy Policy