http://www.sevensistersgroup.com/privacy-policy
News
Projects
Participate
Welcome
Articles
About
Connect
Back
The Twelfth Player
Trainstation
Like A Fish Out Of Water
Salome
Boxed
Atalanta
The Forest
Back
Seven Sisters Group
People
Privacy PolicySeven Sisters Group’s contact address is Hesketh Barn, Clapham, Lancaster LA2 8JB, UK. We respect your right to privacy and are committed to maintaining your trust and confidence when you provide us with your personal information. We are the data controller for your personal data and will ensure it is used and stored in accordance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation.This Privacy Policy explains how we will use any personal information we collect about you and how we keep it secure. It also explains how you can control the data we hold, including how to update your information when it changes.Sharing with you clear and detailed information about how we use your personal data for our legitimate interest and protect your privacy helps deliver a more personalised experience with each of you.What information we collect about youMailing ListWe collect your personal information when you decide to interact with us. This is generally when you sign up to receive emails from us, and consent to receive news about our latest productions, tour dates and various activities and projects. We use Mad Mimi to deliver our newsletter and gather statistics around email opening and clicks using their insight tools to help us monitor and improve our newsletter. For more information please see Mad Mimi’s privacy policy here.Social MediaDepending on your settings or the privacy policies for social media services like Facebook, Instagram or Twitter, we may access to your personal information on those accounts when you message us. We also collect and track anonymised data on our social media audiences to better understand the profiles and behaviour of people who engage with us online. For more information on how to control your privacy settings for these services, make sure you read the Terms & Conditions of the relevant social media platform.Why do we collect information from youThe personal information you supply when you join our email list is used to keep you up-to-date with our events and activities. It also helps us understand your needs better and contact you if we need to obtain or provide additional information.Who we share your information withPlease be assured that we do not share your personal details with any other company or third party without your consent. Data is never sold or shared.How long we hold your information forWe will hold your personal information for as long as is necessary to meet the purpose for which it was originally collected.Where you have given consent for direct marketing, we will stop processing your data once we receive a withdrawal of your consent.How we protect dataSeven Sisters Group is committed to protecting the personal information you entrust to us. We adopt robust and appropriate technologies and policies, so the information we have about you is protected from unauthorised access and improper use. Our own network is protected with encrypted records.Access to your personal informationWe want to make sure you feel in control of your personal information. You have certain rights under the EU data protection laws which may be subject to limitations and/or restrictions.Each email we send you gives the opportunity to unsubscribe at any time, or you can ask us to do this by emailing us at admin@sevensistersgroup.com If you would like to amend the information you have provided or think that our records are incorrect, please email us at admin@sevensistersgroup.com  to update us.Changes to our privacy policyWe keep our privacy policy under regular review. This privacy policy was last updated on 20 May 2019.