http://www.indielondon.co.uk/privacy.php
About | Home | Contact | Join
Navigation
Going Out
» Film
» Theatre
» Music
» Events
» Shopping
» Tickets
Staying In
» A/V Room
» Books
» DVD
» TV
» Competitions
» Galleries
Shopping
» Features
www.t75.org
Privacy Policy
IndieLondon takes the privacy of its readers seriously.
We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our readers while providing an informative review service. You can access our Web site home page and browse our site without disclosing any personal data. This privacy policy describes how and why we obtain, store and process data which can identify you. We may update this policy from time to time and shall indicate on the web site when changes have been made. If you have any requests concerning your personal information or any queries with regard to these practices please contact us by e-mail at editor@indielondon.co.uk
The information we collect
Our Web site will sometimes enable our readers to post comments to articles that can be read by other readers. We reserve the right to edit or delete these comments as we see fit. By posting a comment to any of our articles the author of the comment agrees to the terms and conditions herein. If the reader decides to complete the email address of the comment form they understand that this will be available for everyone to see.
IndieLondon.co.uk does not automatically capture or store personal
information, other than the following:
Your computer's Internet Protocol
(IP) address
The domain from which you access the Internet (for example, aol.com,
if you are connecting from an America Online account)
The Internet address of the Website, if any, from which you came
to our site (for example, www.bbc.co.uk if you came to us from the
BBC's Website)
The date and time you arrived at our site
The name and version of your computer's operating system and browser:
for example, Windows 95/Netscape Navigator 4.5. (This information
is supplied automatically by your computer.)
This information is provided by a web
server and is only used for system administration and to provide
statistics which IndieLondon.co.uk uses to measure the hits to the site.
We do not use cookies for
collecting information about you. However, some of our advertising partners
do use cookies. These are placed on your computer so that they can track
whether or not you purchase something from their site as a result of
seeing their advertising on IndieLondon
IndieLondon.co.uk may ask you for personal information if you want
to take part in online competitions or if you wish to subscribe to our
newsletter. In each case we will only use the information you provide
to deliver the feature you have requested.
This privacy policy only covers the IndieLondon.co.uk
website. Other links within this site to external websites are not covered
by this policy.
Volunteered information collection
Information is collected from you when you submit a comment on one of our articles or if you enter one of our competitions. We do not collect information about our visitors from other sources, such as public records or bodies, or private organisations.
The information we collect for competitions is via an HTML form that generates an email sent to us for administration of the competitons. Comments left by readers are recorded in our content management systems's database. We do not collect or use personal data for any purpose other than that indicated.
If we wish to use your personal data for a new purpose, we offer you the means to consent to this new purpose.
Submitting Your Email Address via our Comments form
Please be aware that if you include your email address in our Comments forms your email address will be visible to all visitors - potentially for years to come. Please also be aware that your email address could be copied and added to spam mail lists. We have no control over this. If you decide to include your email address you are accepting that this could happen and probably will.
Why we collect it
If you enter a competition we collect information about you in order to enter you into the competition prize draw. If you submit a comment to one of our articles we record your comment, your email address and your website address if you choose to provide it to us. None of these fields are mandatory, you complete them at your own risk.
Who we disclose it to
We do not disclose your personal data to our subsidiaries or other organisations.
Data Protection
IndieLondon.co.uk takes the security of your information very seriously. We never keep personal details on the website other than those details that you voluntarily submit through our online comments forms.
Security
We do not give visitors to our Web site the option of using a secure transmission method to send us their personal data.
We have implemented security policies, rules and technical measures to protect the personal data that we have under our control from:
unauthorised access
improper use or disclosure
unauthorised modification
unlawful destruction or accidental loss
All our employees and data processors, who have access to, and are associated with the processing of personal data, are obliged to respect the confidentiality of our visitors' personal data.
We ensure that your personal data will not be disclosed to State institutions and authorities except if required by law or other regulation.
Questions?
If you have any questions or complaints relating to this Privacy Policy or how we use the personal information we have about you, please contact enquiries@aardvarkmedia.co.uk. We will endeavour to respond to you promptly.
Summary of terms
Browser
Used to locate and display Web pages.
Cookies
Message given to a web browser
by a
web server.The message
is then stored by the browser in a text file called cookie.txt. Each
time the browser requests a page from the server, this message is sent
back. A cookie's main objective is to identify users and personalise
their visit by customising web pages for them for example by welcoming
them by name next time they visit the same site. A site using cookies
will usually invite you to provide personal information such as your
name, e-mail address and interests.
IP (Internet Protocol) address
All networks connected to the internet speak IP, the technical standard
which allows data to be transmitted between two devices. TCP/IP (Transmission
Control Protocol/Internet Protocol) is responsible for making sure messages
get from one host to another and that the messages are understood.
If you are connected to the Internet you have one, for example it may
look something like this 198.184.98.9
Web Server
Delivers (serves up) web pages to your computer.
Footer
© 2001 - 2020 IndieLondon.co.uk | Terms and Conditions | Privacy | RSS Feed | What is RSS?