https://www.ichfevents.co.uk/privacy/
THE UK'S LEADING SEWING, HOBBY, CRAFT, GIFT & CAKE SHOWS
TICKET HOTLINE01425 277988
Email Sign Up
Tickets
Buy Tickets
What’s On
Competitions
Coach Trips
The Learning Hub
Shopping
FAQs
Exhibitor Zone
Blog
This Privacy Policy explains the practices employed by International Craft & Hobby Fair Ltd (“ICHF”) in collecting and using your information and the ways in which you can influence these. This Privacy Policy relates to websites operated and services provided from time to time by ICHF. By using our websites or our services you are consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
ICHF will be the Data Controller of any personal data we collect about you.
What information do we collect about you?
You may give us information about you by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. This includes information you provide to us at our events, when you register to use our services, subscribe to our newsletters, enter a competition, promotion or survey, purchase tickets on our website or over our ticket hotline, or participate in social media functions on our website.
The type of personally identifiable information that may be collected includes, but is not limited to: your name, address, e-mail address and telephone number. We may temporarily collect your credit/debit card information in the event that you purchase tickets over our ticket hotline – however, such information is not retained by ICHF after the payment has been processed through our secure payment platform. You may also choose to provide information when using our social media functions.
We also work closely with third parties (including, for example, sub-contractors in ticketing, marketing and payment services and our business partners) and may receive information about you from them.
Cookies
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our website. For detailed information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them see our Cookies Policy.
How will we use the information about you?
We will use the personal information you provide to us to process your orders and requests. We may also use this information to communicate with you directly, for example to notify you in the event you have won a competition or to contact you in relation to a ticket purchase. We may also use this information for marketing – please see ‘Marketing’ below.
We will use the information we collect about you through our use of cookies to administer our website and for internal operations, to improve our website and to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service. We also use this information to analyse web usage and compile aggregate statistics about our users. We will use this non-personally identifiable information for advertising and marketing purposes and to enable us to provide a more personalised internet experience. For further information, please see our Cookies Policy.
We may combine the information we obtain from third parties with information you give to us and information we collect about you. We may use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above.
Marketing
From time to time we will ask you whether you wish to receive marketing material from ICHF and/or selected third parties containing information about events and services that may interest you. If you do not wish to receive such information, please ensure that you opt-in or opt-out of receiving such information as appropriate by ticking the relevant box on the form on which we collect your data.
If you have consented to receiving such material you may opt-out at a later stage from:
Emails – by clicking on an email unsubscribe link; and
Post – by writing to info(Replace this parenthesis with the @ sign)ichf.co.uk.
What will we disclose to third parties?
We may share your personal information with any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 of the Companies Act 2006.
We may share your information with business partners and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with them or you (for example to enable them to process a request, order or service, to supply you with a prize in the event you win a competition, or in order to obtain professional advice).
If you consent, we may sell, rent or trade your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes. Such third parties will be carefully selected and registered with the Information Commissioner.
We may provide anonymous, non-personally identifiable aggregate information to advertisers and our business partners, including information relating to sales and web-usage, to enable us to sell advertising and monitor the efficacy of our business partnerships. We may also pass such statistical information onto reputable third parties for onward sale.
It is possible that ICHF could merge or be acquired by another business. If this happens we may share the information that relates to you. ICHF reserves the right to disclose personally identifiable information in order to comply with the law, applicable regulations and government requests. We also reserve the right to use such information in order to protect our operating systems and integrity as well as other users.
How do we protect your information?
Once we have received your data we will ensure that it is treated with the utmost respect and in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 and any applicable regulations. Your data will be stored on our secure servers. We follow strict security procedures in order that the data we collect is stored and disclosed appropriately and securely.
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
Unfortunately the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although ICHF will do its best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk.
Other Websites
Please note that clicking on links and advertisements on our websites may result in your transferral to another website, where data privacy practices may vary to that of ICHF. If transferred to another site you should consult their privacy policy as we are not responsible for and have no control over information that is submitted to or collected by these third parties.
Changes to our privacy policy
ICHF keeps this Privacy Policy under review and may update it at any time. Any updates will be made on this page so that you can always find out what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we will disclose it.
How to contact us
If you have any queries relating to the ICHF Privacy Policy, please email us at info(Replace this parenthesis with the @ sign)ichf.co.uk.
ICHF Events organise craft, cake & sugarcraft, design, textile & sewing, hobbycraft, handmade fairs and Christmas shows across the UK.
These unique events include exclusive exhibitions, workshops and much more…
TICKET HOTLINE
01425 277988
GENERAL ENQUIRIES
info(Replace this parenthesis with the @ sign)ichf.co.uk
SALES ENQUIRIES
01425 460812
PRESS CONTACTS
One Voice Media · 01392 278801
Sharon-jo(Replace this parenthesis with the @ sign)onevoicemedia.co.uk
COACHES & GROUPSOrganise a coach trip
HOTEL DEALSExclusive deals!
FAQs
CONTACT US
ABOUT ICHF
Click here if page is not displaying correctly
INTERNATIONAL CRAFT & HOBBY FAIR LTD.
Dominic House
Seaton Road
Highcliffe
Dorset BH23 5HW
United Kingdom
Registered in England No. 1290524
VAT No. 291 7701 44
PLEASE NOTE
Event details may change due to unforeseen circumstances.
COOKIE POLICY · PRIVACY POLICY · SITEMAP · TERMS & CONDITIONS
STAY UP TO DATE!
Sign up to our free eNewsletters to stay up to date with the latest news from ICHF’s creative craft shows, and receive information about new exciting online content.
By submitting your information, you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy.
X