http://www.arschopp.com/privacy-policy
Products
Gallery
About Us
Contact Us
Products
Gallery
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
This website (arschopp.com) may collect customer information to improve your overall experience with us. We respect your privacy and are committed to maintaining and using this information responsibly. Except as otherwise mentioned below, this privacy policy only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you on this website.
Sharing personal information
Any personal information you provide to us on this website when you request information (i.e., name, address, e-mail address, telephone number) is maintained in private files on a secure web server and our internal systems. A.R. Schopp’s Sons, Inc. will not sell, rent, or share your email address with others for them to send you unsolicited email. If you are visiting arschopp.com from a location outside of the United States, you will be connected through and to servers located within the United States. You should also be aware that we may disclose specific information about you if required to do so by law, governmental request, or court order or based on our good faith belief that it is necessary to conform or comply with such law, request, or court order or to protect the users of our website or the public.
Links to other sites
To enhance user experience, the arschopp.com website may have links to other websites. Those websites will have their own policies on privacy that you may wish to review. The website arschopp.com has no responsibility for these linked websites.
Privacy of young children
A.R. Schopp’s Sons, Inc. is concerned about the privacy of young children, and we do not knowingly collect any personal information from a child under age 13.
Policy changes and questions
The website arschopp.com may update our privacy policy from time to time and the use of the information we collect now is subject to the privacy policy in effect at the time of use. Whenever we make a change, we will post the updated policy at this site, and we encourage you to check our policy periodically. By using our website following the posting of a change in the privacy policy, you consent to the updated policy. If you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policy, please contact us.
Errors and inaccuracies
Although we try to always have up-to-date information on this website, it is not possible to be sure there are no errors. We reserve the right to correct these errors at any time. We can also change or update the current information at any time. We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause.
Return to Homepage