http://www.mindyklasky.com/index.php/privacy-policy/
PRIVACY POLICY
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for Mindy Klasky and the website: http://www.mindyklasky.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website, except where stated otherwise. It will notify you of the following:
What information we collect;
With whom it is shared;
How it can be corrected;
How it is secured;
How policy changes will be communicated; and
How to address concerns over misuse of personal data.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We only collect information that you voluntarily give us via contact form, newsletter signup form, comment box, or shopping checkout. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
Personally identifiable information collected on this site may include:
Name
Email address
Website address
Street address
Phone number
We use your information to respond to you regarding the reason you contacted us. In the case of shopping checkout, we use your information to determine taxes due. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g., answer your question, send a newsletter if you signed up for our mailing list, or send ebooks that you have purchased.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may request information about the personally identifiable information we maintain about you. For example, you may:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change or correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you, including unsubscribing you from our newsletter.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data
To make any of the above requests, use the contact page on our website, or send mail to us at P.O. Box 42133, Arlington, VA 22204.
Affiliate Advertising
This site participates in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites. This site may be a participant in other affiliate advertising programs, including programs administered by Google Play, iBooks, Kobo, and Nook Press. Affiliate advertising programs do not result in any higher cost to you.
Sharing
We may share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. That information is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.
Internet Security
We strive to protect your personal information; however, we urge you to take every precaution to protect your personal data when you are on the Internet. Change your passwords often, and use strong passwords that contain combinations of letters, numbers, and special characters.
Cookies
This site uses cookies – small text files that are placed on your machine to help the site provide a better user experience. In general, cookies are used to retain user preferences and provide anonymized tracking data to third party applications like Google Analytics. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
As a rule, cookies will make your browsing experience better. However, you may prefer to disable cookies on this site and on others. The most effective way to do this is to disable cookies in your browser. We suggest consulting the Help section of your browser.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our site requests information via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address) and demographic information (such as zip code and age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used to monitor and improve users’ satisfaction with this site.
Age of Consent
By using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change, modify or update this policy at any time without notice. Any substantial changes in the way we use your personal information will be posted on this site.
If you believe that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately.
Share this:FacebookPinterestTumblrTwitterEmailPrint
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Cancel
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
This site uses cookies to provide you with a great user experience. By using this site, you accept our use of cookies.Ok