http://www.rscds-seattle.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyHome Privacy Policy
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for the Seattle Branch of the Royal Scottish Country Dancing Society (RSCDS-Seattle) and for this website (http://www.rscds-seattle.org/). It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
This policy is designed to be consistent with the following principles:
Privacy policies should be human readable and easy to find.
Data collection, storage, and processing should be simplified as much as possible to enhance security, ensure consistency, and make the practices easy for users to understand.
Data practices should always meet the reasonable expectations of users.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
As used in this policy, “personal information” means information that would allow someone to identify you, including your name, email address, IP address, or other information from which someone could deduce your identity.
When you sign up for an event hosted or supported by RSCDS, you may be asked to provide some personal information, including your name, email address, and other information as needed. We collect and use this personal information pursuant to a legitimate interest in organizing and running the relevant event. We may share your personal information with Teachers, event venues or event staff, where necessary, for managing your attendance at an event or an exam. This information will be used only for these purposes, and for no others, without your explicit consent.
We may collect information about you if/when you become a member with us. This allows RSCDS to administer your membership and provide you with agreed member benefits by email or post. In this case, we will collect your name, address, and email address.
We also collect information about your use of our websites and how you arrived at our website in the first place. This can include what links or adverts you have viewed or clicked on to reach us, or any search terms you have used. We can also see which pages of our websites have been viewed by you and for how long.
We and our service providers may collect information using cookies or similar technologies for the purposes described above. Cookies are pieces of information that are stored by your browser on the hard drive or memory of your computer or other Internet access device.  Cookies may enable us to maintain a persistent session, passively collect demographic information about your computer, and monitor other activities. The website may use different kinds of cookies and other types of local storage (such as browser-based or plugin-based local storage).
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You have the right to ask for a copy of the information held by us in our records. You also have the right to require us to correct any inaccuracies in your information. We respect your right to privacy. If you tell us that you do not wish to have your information used in the ways we have specified, we will respect your wishes. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number is given on our website:
See what data we have about you if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline. We have implemented reasonable physical, technical, and organizational security measures to protect personal information against accidental or unlawful destruction, or accidental loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access, in compliance with applicable law.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites.
Privacy Policy