https://www.aldolagrutta.com/terms-and-conditions/
About
Contact
Blog
AgenaTrader
FREE Training
Home TERMS & CONDITIONS
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO YOUR USE OF THIS SITE AND THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES PROVIDED HEREUNDER CAREFULLY.
TERMS & CONDITIONS
About Us
This website is operated by Aldo Lagrutta (we/us – AldoLagrutta.com Websites). The services supplied via this website are supplied by Aldo Lagrutta.
AldoLagrutta.com Websites is used below to refer to all the websites,URLs and their subdomains that we use for conducting our businesses. These include: aldolagrutta.com, evolutiontradingprotocols.com, tradeoilprofitably.net, daytradecrudeoil.com, trendlinemastery.com, elliottwavemadeeasy.net, tradingpsychology.us, tradeonlineprofitably.net, in addition to our Facebook pages and groups.
By i) using AldoLagrutta.com Websites ii) purchasing any products or services from AldoLagrutta.com Websites or any of their subdomains or iii) utilizing any of the products or services through this AldoLagrutta.com Websites, you are deemed to have agreed to these Terms and Conditions. We reserve the right to modify them at any time. You should check these Terms and Conditions periodically for changes. By using this site after we post any changes to these Terms and Conditions, you agree to accept those changes, whether or not you have reviewed them. With regard to products and services purchased or utilized from this site, the version of these Terms and Conditions that were posted at the time of purchase or utilization apply. If at any time you choose not to accept these Terms and Conditions of use, do not use this site.
Access and / or use of AldoLagrutta.com Websites constitutes acceptance of these Terms and Conditions from the date on which you made your first visit to the site.
Payment Terms
Payment is by credit or debit card at the time of purchase or subscription. The credit or debit card will be authorised and charged for the full purchase amount using secure online purchasing facilities provided by PayPal or other online payment services. We accept payment with all major credit and debit cards.
Value Added Tax
Prices quoted on this website exclude VAT. For clients based in the United Kingdom or the European Union, AldoLagrutta.com Websites  are obliged to charge and collect VAT in addition to the price of the product or service purchased. Clients based outside the European Union fall outside the scope of VAT and are not subject to this additional cost.
Currencies
AldoLagrutta.com Websites charges in Pounds Sterling (GBP). If you are not located in the USA, your credit card company may charge you in your local currency and convert sufficient funds to meet the fixed USD amount in each billing period. Therefore the bill in your local currency may vary between payments depending on the prevailing exchange rate at the time each payment is processed.
Subscriptions
Memberships and subscriptions are automatically billed on a recurring billing whether monthly, quarterly, yearly or any other frequent offered at the time of subscribing. The credit or debit card used at the time of subscribing will be billed automatically for on-going subscriptions unless cancelled by yourself or by AldoLagrutta.com Websites, prior to the next renewal date.
Cancelling
You may cancel at any time and owe nothing further. To cancel a subscription agreement you can either (a) log into your PayPal account and cancel your recurring billing agreement, or (b) request that AldoLagrutta.com Websites cancel the subscription by writing to support@aldolagrutta.com.  If you cancel by e-mail, you must notify us at least 48 hours prior to the next payment.
Re-joining
Re-joining a service will provide immediate access and start a new billing cycle from that date. However if you wish to re-join using your original username please contact us beforehand (support@aldolagrutta.com) so that we can unsuspended your username. We don’t do this automatically.
Refund Policy
8.1 If you are contracting as a consumer and subject to clause 19.5, you may cancel a Contract at any time within seven working days, beginning on the day after you purchased (the Cooling Off Period). In this case, you will receive a full refund of the price paid as soon as possible and, in any case, within 30 days.
8.2 When you return a physical product to us, because you have cancelled the Contract between us within the Cooling Off Period, we will process the refund due to you as soon as possible and, in any case, within 30 days of the day you have given notice of your cancellation. In this case, we will refund the price of the Product in full, including the cost of sending the item to you. However, you will be responsible for the cost of returning the item (physical product) to us.
8.3 We will usually refund any money received from you using the same method originally used by you to pay for your purchase.
Username & Password
When you subscribe to some of our services on AldoLagrutta.com Websites, you will need to choose a valid username and password (or at times we my issue these to you automatically). Each purchase and/or subscription is for a single user only and is not transferable. We do not permit you to share your username and password with any other person nor with multiple users on a network.
You must keep your username and password confidential and you must not disclose them to any third party.
Suspension
This system is designed to detect sharing and suspend any account where more than one person is suspected of using the same username and password. You will not be able to log back in for 24 hours. Repeated suspensions will result in termination (without any refund). If you feel that you have been suspended accidentally then please send us a message to: support@aldolagrutta.com
The Service Supplied
AldoLagrutta.com Websites services are purely educational in nature.  We do not supply any type of financial advice or service.
The training modules provided as part of certain services are also for educational purposes only and no warrantee is made that these will lead to future profits, nor that all students will be able to replicate them entirely.
Some services described on this website also allow subscribers to look over the shoulder of professional traders in our organisation and see exactly the trades they are placing for themselves.  Such traders may include officers, directors or employees of AldoLagrutta.com Websites as well as other former students of the service and outside professional guest speakers.  (This regularly updated news and information is provided for educational purposes only and is not to be misinterpreted as any sort of financial advice, nor leading or enabling the subscriber to transact in any sort of financial instruments.)
AldoLagrutta.com Websites does not supply or recommend any form of brokerage services.  Any references made to brokers we have used or have knowledge of is provided on an informal informational basis only.  It must not be misinterpreted as any sort of professional recommendation and you should undertake your own due diligence and consult your financial advisor before contracting with any such broker.  AldoLagrutta.com Websites does not provide financial advice or recommend brokers.
How You May Use The Service
You may use the services provided by AldoLagrutta.com Websites only in your own personal trading business.  They may not be used within any fund or any kind of managed money activity, unless specifically agreed in writing under a bespoke contract.  If you have any doubts about your eligibility to make use of the services provided, please contact AldoLagrutta.com Websites to clarify the position and agree how best to proceed.
Conduct & Chat Rooms/Forums/Facebook Groups
Please use your own username when posting to the discussion groups / Facebook groups etc. Do not impersonate anyone else.
Treat other members with courtesy and respect when posting messages. No unnecessary name calling or abuse toward any member is allowed. Do not use vulgarity, obscenity, profanity, ethnic slurs, hate speech, sexually explicit language, or harass, abuse, or threaten other subscribers in the chat rooms. Do not libel or defame others. We reserve the right to exclude any member whose conduct causes offense to other members, without warning and without recompense.
When you post content in the rooms, you permit this site to display and distribute the content, and to use it for advertising and promotion. You grant to this website the complete, perpetual, but non-exclusive right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, translate, distribute, sub-license, etc. the content in whole or in part, throughout the world, on a royalty-free basis.
Copyright
All editorial content and graphics on this site are protected by copyright and international treaties and may not be copied or re-used without the express written permission of AldoLagrutta.com Websites, which reserves all rights.
Do not reprint, republish, repost, or otherwise distribute or transmit content, images or video training unless you have permission. Unauthorised use of or copying of content, trademarks, video training and other proprietary material can subject you to civil or even criminal liability. Please don’t violate copyright.
Limitation of Liability
AldoLagrutta.com Websites provides the information, services and products on it’s websites “as is” without warranties of any kind. You also agree that AldoLagrutta.com Websites shall not be responsible for any content found in the these website forums and Facebook and that your use of these website forums and Facebook and any downloading of materials found on or throughout them is done at your own risk and that you will be solely responsible for any damages to your computer or data that results.
All express warranties and all implied warranties, including without limitation warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement of proprietary rights are hereby disclaimed to the full extent permitted by law. AldoLagrutta.com Websites does not warrant that the performance of it’s websites will be timely, uninterrupted or free of error, or that this website or its server will be free of viruses. In no event shall AldoLagrutta.com Websites, its officers, directors, agents or employees be liable for any loss or injury, direct or indirect, incidental, consequential, special or exemplary damages, or any damages whatsoever arising from the use or performance of it’s websites or from any information, services or products provided through it’s websites, even if AldoLagrutta.com Websites has been advised of the possibility of such damages. In the event that applicable law prevents the exclusion of liability for certain warranties, such exclusion does not apply to you to the extent limited by law.
Your Status
By placing an order through this website, you warrant that you are legally capable of entering into binding contracts
How The Contract Between Us Is Formed
17.1 After placing an order, you will receive an e-mail from us acknowledging that we have received your order. Please note that this does not mean that your order has been accepted. Your order constitutes an offer by you to us to buy a service. All orders are subject to acceptance by us, and we will confirm such acceptance to you by sending you an e-mail that confirms that your purchase or subscription is now live (the Confirmation). The contract between us (Contract) will only be formed when we send you the Confirmation.
17.2 The Contract will relate only to those services we have confirmed in the Confirmation. We will not be obliged to supply any other products or services which may have been part of your order until the availability of such products or services has been confirmed in a separate Confirmation.
Links To Other Websites
We may provide links on our websites to the websites of other companies, whether affiliated with us or not. We cannot give any undertaking that products you purchase from companies to whose website we have provided a link on this website, will be of satisfactory quality, and any such warranties are disclaimed by us absolutely. This disclaimer does not affect your statutory rights against the third party seller.
Consumer Rights
19.1 If you are contracting as a consumer and subject to clause 19.5, you may cancel a Contract at any time within seven working days, beginning on the day after you subscribed (the Cooling Off Period). In this case, you will receive a full refund of the price paid within 30 days.
19.2 If you are contracting as a business you may not cancel a Contract at any time within seven working days, beginning on the day after you subscribed.  There is no cooling off period for business purchases.
19.3 To cancel a Contract, you must inform us in writing via email.
19.4 This provision does not affect your statutory rights.
19.5 You will not have any right to cancel a Contract for the supply of:
(a) Digital items (such as e-books, videos or other downloadable media) if before the end of the Cooling Off Period you have started downloading or viewing the items.
(b) Services (such as coaching, mentorship or use of a private discussion group etc) if we have started performing the services unless otherwise stated on a specific ‘refund guarantee’ on AldoLagrutta.com Websites.
(c) Your subscription once we have taken payment details, save that any notice to terminate your subscription will be effective at the end of the subscription period (monthly, quarterly, annually or other frequency as agreed at the time of purchase) during which you provided notice of cancellation.
Our Liability
20.1 Subject to clause 20.4, we warrant to you that any service purchased from us through this website is of satisfactory quality and reasonably fit for all the purposes for which services of the kind are commonly supplied.
20.2 Our liability for losses you suffer as a result of us breaching these terms and conditions is strictly limited to the purchase price of the service you purchased.
20.3 This does not include or limit in any way our liability:
(a) For death or personal injury caused by our negligence
(b) For fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation
(c) For any deliberate breaches of these terms and conditions by us that would entitle you to terminate the Contract between us; or
(d) For any matter for which it would be illegal for us to exclude, or attempt to exclude, our liability.
20.4 We are not responsible for indirect losses which happen as a side effect of the main loss or damage and which are not foreseeable by you and us including but not limited to:
(a) loss of income or revenue; (b) loss of business;
(c) loss of profits or contracts;
(d) loss of anticipated savings;
(e) loss of data; or
(f) waste of management or office time however arising and whether caused by tort (including negligence), breach of contract or otherwise; provided that this clause 20.4 shall not prevent claims for loss of or damage to your tangible property that fall within the terms of clause 20.1 or clause 20.2 or any other claims for direct financial loss that are not excluded by any of categories (a) to (f) inclusive of this clause 20.4.
Notices
All notices given by you to us must be given to Aldo Lagrutta at our registered office address. We may give notice to you at either the e-mail or postal address you provide to us when subscribing. Notice will be deemed received and properly served immediately when posted on our website, 24 hours after an e-mail is sent, or seven days after the date of posting of any letter. In proving the service of any notice, it will be sufficient to prove, in the case of a letter, that such letter was properly addressed, stamped and placed in the post and, in the case of an e-mail, that such e-mail was sent to the specified e-mail address of the addressee.
Support
22.1 Technical Support – AldoLagrutta.com Websites will provide basic support in accessing, viewing, and downloading (as appropriate) content purchased from us.  This is limited to the use of the most common browsers (Chrome, Firefox, Safari) which must be up to date.  We do not offer assistance with any internet connectivity or device specific issues.
22.2 Product Support – AldoLagrutta.com Websites will provide any support offered with each product at the time of purchase.  Product support is limited to that offered at this time and no additional support is included unless additional support packages are purchased.  Higher end products will typically include higher degrees of personal coaching and support.  Lower ticket products are offered purely as “home study” materials unless otherwise stated.
22.3 Discounted Products – Unless otherwise stated explicitly at the time of purchase, a product that normally includes support when purchased at its standard price, will not qualify for support if it is purchased at a discount.
22.4 Support Packages – From time to time AldoLagrutta.com Websites may offer for sale additional support packages as bolt ons to stand alone products.  Where available these may be purchased and consumed as and when agreed with the customer or as detailed in the particular offering.  However all support purchased must be consumed within 12 months of purchase, after which it will expire.
General
23.1 The Contract between you and us is binding on you and us and on our respective successors and assigns. You may not transfer, assign, charge or otherwise dispose of a Contract, or any of your rights or obligations arising under it, without our prior written consent.
23.2 We may transfer, assign, charge, sub-contract or otherwise dispose of a Contract, or any of our rights or obligations arising under it, at any time during the term of the Contract.
23.3 We will not be liable or responsible for any failure to perform, or delay in performance of, any of our obligations under a Contract that is caused by events outside our reasonable control (Force Majeure Event)
23.4 A Force Majeure Event includes any act, event, non-happening, omission or accident beyond our reasonable control and includes in particular (without limitation) the following:
(a) Strikes, lock-outs or other industrial action
(b) Civil commotion, riot, invasion, terrorist attack or threat of terrorist attack, war (whether declared or not) or threat or preparation for war.
(c) Fire, explosion, storm, flood, earthquake, subsidence, epidemic or other natural disaster.
(d) Impossibility of the use of railways, shipping, aircraft, motor transport or other means of public or private transport.
(e) Impossibility of the use of public or private telecommunications networks.
(f) The acts, decrees, legislation, regulations or restrictions of any government.
23.5 Our performance under any Contract is deemed to be suspended for the period that the Force Majeure Event continues, and we will have an extension of time for performance for the duration of that period. We will use our reasonable endeavours to bring the Force Majeure Event to a close or to find a solution by which our obligations under the Contract may be performed despite the Force Majeure Event.
23.6 If we fail, at any time during the term of a Contract, to insist upon strict performance of any of your obligations under the Contract or any of these terms and conditions, or if we fail to exercise any of the rights or remedies to which we are entitled under the Contract, this shall not constitute a waiver of such rights or remedies and shall not relieve you from compliance with such obligations. No waiver by us of any of these terms and conditions shall be effective unless it is expressly stated to be a waiver and is communicated to you in writing in accordance with clause 21 above.
23.7 If any of these terms and conditions or any provisions of a Contract are determined by any competent authority to be invalid, unlawful or unenforceable to any extent, such term, condition or provision will to that extent be severed from the remaining terms, conditions and provisions which will continue to be valid to the fullest extent permitted by law.
23.8 These terms and conditions, and any document expressly referred to in them, constitute the whole agreement between us and supersede any previous arrangement, understanding or agreement between us, relating to the subject matter of any Contract.
23.9 We each acknowledge that, in entering into a Contract, (and the documents referred to in it), neither of us relies on any statement, representation, assurance or warranty (Representation) of any person (whether a party to that Contract or not) other than as expressly set out in these terms and conditions.
23.10 Each of us agrees that the only rights and remedies available to us arising out of or in connection with a Representation shall be for breach of contract as provided in these terms and conditions. Nothing in this clause shall limit or exclude any liability for fraud.
23.11 We have the right to revise and amend these terms and conditions from time to time. You will be subject to the policies and terms and conditions in force at the time that you order services from us, unless any change to those policies or these terms and conditions is required to be made by law or governmental authority (in which case it will apply to orders previously placed by you), or if we notify you of the change to those policies or these terms and conditions before we send you the Confirmation (in which case we have the right to assume that you have accepted the change to the terms and conditions, unless you notify us to the contrary within seven working days of receipt by you of the services).
23.12 Contracts for the purchase of services through our AldoLagrutta.com Websites and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with them or their subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) will be governed by German law. Any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with such Contracts or their formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Germany.
23.13 Your trading activity in which you use the services supplied by AldoLagrutta.com Websites via this website constitutes a business activity (whether conducted in the name of an incorporated entity, partnership or that of an individual) and you are therefore contracting as a business.
Contact:
e-mail: support@aldolagrutta.com
Mailing Address: Aldo Lagrutta Preussenstr. 48a 26388 Wilhelmshaven, Germany
Join thousands of traders and receive exclusive news, updates and tips directly from Prof. Aldo Lagrutta
We respect your email privacy
Categories
General
Trading Education
Trading Psychology