http://www.algonquintheatre.ca/en/visit-us/privacy-policy.aspx
Close Alert Banner
Close Old Browser Notification
Browser Compatibility Notification
It appears you are trying to access this site using an outdated browser.
As a result, parts of the site may not function properly for you.
We recommend updating your browser to its most recent version at your earliest convenience.
Privacy Policy
More
HomeVisit UsPrivacy Policy
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Email
Purpose
The purpose of the statement is to inform users of this site with regard to the collection and use of personally identifiable information. The following is not intended and should not be interpreted as a contract of any nature, either stated or implied.
Definition of Personally Identifiable Information
For the purposes of this statement "personally identifiable information" means any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual who is the subject of the information.
Personally Identifiable Information Available
The IP (Internet Protocol) numbers of computers (servers) used to visit sites are noted as part of our statistical analysis on use of our web sites so we may better design services and improve access to them. However, the site does not attempt to gain personally identifiable information on individual users and associate them with IP addresses.
Restrictions on the disclosure of customer information
Our users are important to us. We do not sell or rent our users' information to any outside company or organization. We do not reveal specific information about users or other personally identifiable data to unaffiliated third parties for their independent use, except if required to do so by law. We endeavor to ensure that we collect only the minimum amount of information needed to meet the purpose for which the network was created.
Other Websites and Social Media
Various websites may be linked through the Town of Huntsville's website. Visitors to those sites are advised to check the privacy statements of these sites and be cautious about providing personally identifiable information without a clear understanding of how the information will be used.
The Town of Huntsville uses interfaces with social media sites such as Facebook, Twitter, YouTube and others. If you choose to "like" or "share" information from this website through these services, you should review the privacy policy of that service.  If you are a member of a social media site, the interfaces may allow the social media site to connect your visits to this site with other Personal Information.
Website Analytics
Our website uses Google Analytics, a service that transmits website traffic data to Google servers. The Town of Huntsville uses reports provided by Google Analytics to help us understand website traffic and webpage use. By using huntsville.ca and any affiliate municipal websites you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner described in Google's Privacy Policy.  You can opt out of Google Analytics if you disable or refuse the use of cookies, disable JavaScript, or use the opt-out service provided by Google.
Use, collection, and retention of customer information at the Town of Huntsville
For each visitor, we do collect information about the Internet Protocol (IP) address, type browser used, the date and time of the visit, and the IP addresses of the locations to which the visitor linked during his or her visit to our Web site. This information is strictly used for statistical reporting purposes.
We only collect, retain and use personal information where we believe it is essential (and allowed by law) to administer our business and to provide products, services and other opportunities requested by our customers.
Protection of information via established security procedures
We maintain security standards and procedures regarding unauthorized access to customer information to prevent unauthorized removal or alteration of data.
Limiting employee access to information
Our Information Technology Policy limits employee access to personally identifiable information to only those employees who need access in order to perform their assigned duties. The employee's supervisor is instructed to enforce with staff their responsibilities in protecting personally identifiable information.
Freedom of Information (FOI)
The Town of Huntsville endeavors to make its information accessible to the public. Some records however contain information that is either privileged or of a personal nature. The Municipal Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act compels the municipality to review such documents prior to their disclosure. Request to access such records requires a written request.
Visit Us
Toggle Section Visit Us Menu
AccessibilityArt ShowsBox Office HoursContact UsGetting HerePrivacy PolicySeating ChartVisit HuntsvilleYour Theatre ExperienceCalendar
Contact Us
Subscribe to this Page