http://www.auroraawards.com/about/privacy-policy/
About
The Award
Benefits
Entry Process
Categories
Judges
Services
FAQ
News
Deadlines
News & Updates
Blog
Winners
About
Lists
2016 Aurora Awards Winners
2017 Aurora Awards Winners
2018 Aurora Awards Winners
2019 Aurora Awards Winners
2015 Aurora Awards Winners
Aurora winner images
Contact Us
Login
PRIVACY POLICY – AURORA AWARDSEffective February 19, 2016
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our email list, respond to a survey or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be required to enter your name, title, company, email address, mailing address, shipping addresses, phone number, and/or credit card information.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience (Your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs.)
To improve our website (We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.)
To improve customer service (Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs and allows us to make your online experience better.)
To process transactions (Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.)
To administer a competition, promotion, order, survey or other site feature.
To send periodic emails (The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.)
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. All servers are inspected and rated as PCI DCSS Compliant.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies?
No cookies are used on this site. There is temporary information you enter which are used to keep your contents loaded on your screen and will not be saved until you send them to our office. The info on your computer screen is deleted when you close your browser.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.Stripe Privacy Policy can be found here.
Compliance with outside organizations
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance (CalOPPA) -- Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent. As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our site may make any changes to their information at any time by logging into their account and going to the 'Profile' pages.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance (COPPA) -- We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA, we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
TERMS & CONDITIONS
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions page establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at https://www.AuroraAwards.com/Terms-Conditions/
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on 11/27/2018.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the following information below.
https://www.AuroraAwards.comThe Aurora Awards299 S. Main Street, Suite 1300Salt Lake City, UT 84111 USAeightzeroone-535-4339
2020 Aurora Awards
Terms of Use | Privacy Policy