http://www.infidels.org/infidels/privacy-policy.html
You can dismiss the support request pop up for 4 weeks (28 days) if you want to be reminded again.
Or you can dismiss until our next donations drive (typically at the beginning of October).
Before you dismiss, please consider making a donation.
Thanks!
One Time
$5/month (US)
$10/month (US)
Internet Infidels Needs Your Support!
dismiss for
28 days
1 year
info
Paid Advertisements
2020 Internet Infidels Fundraising Drive / $33,018.52 of $40,000.00
Failing to heed science and reason has real-world consequences. We need critical thinking now more than ever. Help us maintain a drop of sanity by donating to keep the Secular Web online today!
82.55%
Mailing List
More Donation Options
Menu
Home
What's New
Support Us
Bookstore
Kiosk
Library
News Wire
Products
Blog
E-Resources
About Us
FAQ
Honorary Board
Contact Us
Link to Us
Submissions
Search
Home » Infidels »
Internet Infidels Privacy Policy
We do not share personal information with third parties, nor do we store any information that we collect about your visit to this website for use other than to analyze content performance through the use of cookies, which you can turn off at any time by modifying your Internet browser's settings. We are not responsible for the republishing of content found on this site on other web sites or media. This privacy policy is subject to change without notice.
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for infidels.org and applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used, and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to or collect information that you voluntarily give us via e-mail or other direct contact from you. We will not sell, rent, or share this information with anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you regarding the reason that you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to respond.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via e-mail in the future to tell you about donation drives, special projects, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information, that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the Web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via our contact page (here).
Join our mailing list
Top
Copyright © 1995-2020 Internet Infidels®. All rights reserved.
« disclaimer »
Privacy and Cookie Policy