http://www.rscds.org/legals-privacy-cookies
Skip to main content
Choose
English
French
Italian
Japanese
Russian
Spanish
Basket
Legals, privacy & cookies
Breadcrumb
Home
Legals, privacy & cookies
Privacy policy
The Royal Scottish Country Dance Society (RSCDS) is committed to protecting the security of your personal information in accordance with the principles set out in the Data Protection Acts (DPA) of 1994 and 1998 and the General Data Protection Regulations 2018. This policy explains how we use the personal information that you provide to us.
What information do we collect?
We collect information about you when you become a member with us. This allows RSCDS to administer your membership and provide you with agreed member benefits by email or post. In this case, we will collect your name, address and email address.
We will also collect information when you register with us, place an order for our products or services, sign up for an event or register for exams. In these cases we will only collect the information necessary to allow us to process your order, administer your booking or manage your attendance at an exam. This will include your contact details, including your name and address, your telephone number and, if necessary, your job title. We do not store financial information, such as bank account or credit card numbers.
We may also hold information when you complete a survey or send us an enquiry.
We also collect information about your use of our websites and how you arrived at our website in the first place. This can include what links or adverts of ours you have viewed or clicked on to reach us, or any search terms you have used. We can also see which pages of our websites have been viewed by you and for how long. All this information helps tell us what content is popular with our customers so we can improve our services and products.
How will we use this information about you?
RSCDS has a lawful basis under the General Data Protection Regulations when we process information in order to administer your membership, event booking or exam, or when we do so to process a shop order. This is because the processing is necessary in order to provide you with a service, process your order, manage your account or ensure quality monitoring. This information will only be used for those purposes.
RSCDS may seek your consent if we wish to process information for any other purpose. We will only process your information in such a manner if we receive your proactive consent to do so. We may seek such consent when we wish to distribute marketing information, undertake market research or share other content, which is appropriate for our audience.
Will we pass this information on to other companies?
We process RSCDS member information on our website, which can be accessed securely by appointed officials within that member’s Branch. This processing will only take place to allow us and the Branch to manage or administer your membership. In this case, both parties have a lawful basis for processing the information, as long as it is used for no other purpose.
We may also share information with Teachers, event venues or event staff, where necessary, for managing your attendance at an event or an exam. This information will be used only for these purposes, and for no other.
Information will not be shared with any other third parties for any other purpose, except where we have a lawful basis for doing so in order to fulfil a legal, contractual or safeguarding commitment.
How do we keep your information secure?
We take the security of your information very seriously and are certified to ISO 27001 standard. We use multiple layers of firewalls to ensure user data is kept as secure as possible, specialist devices to detect and prevent intrusion attempts, and encryption systems to ensure data is scrambled while being transmitted from system to system. We employ equally rigorous physical security policies to prevent physical access to our data centres. We perform regular system patching and employ an independent security company to perform penetration tests (authorised attempts to try to hack our systems to show any risks) annually and when we bring new systems online. We ensure that third parties employ the same rigour when handling data, ensuring that they apply security far in excess of regulatory requirements.
How long will we keep information?
We will only keep information about you for as long as we need to fulfil our obligations to you. We make sure that any third parties who may process your information on our behalf do the same. We have an internal retention policy with varying retention periods for different categories of information depending on our legal obligations and whether there is a commercial need to retain the information, such as to help us answer member account queries. After a retention period has elapsed, the data is deleted.
Other websites
Our websites may contain links to the websites of other organisations. This privacy policy only applies to our websites so, when you link to other websites, you should read their own privacy policies and terms and conditions. We cannot accept responsibility for your use of these websites.
Credit card policy
All transactions made on the RSCDS website are safe and secure. To comply with the current legislation we would like to remind everyone that the RSCDS no longer accepts credit card numbers via email or post and we do not hold any credit card information on-site.
The RSCDS accepts payment by cash in person, by credit card over the phone or by cheque.
Thank you for your understanding and for further information please get in touch with our Finance Officer Sandra Parish at: sandra.parish@rscds.org.
How we use cookies
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser to enable our systems to recognise your browser and to provide personalised information.
The Help menu on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies altogether. Additionally, you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons. However, because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of our websites’ features, we recommend that you leave them turned on.
If you do leave cookies turned on, be sure to sign out of any logged-in service when you finish using a shared computer.
Changes to our privacy policy
We keep our privacy policy under regular review and we will place any updates on this webpage. If there is a material change that could have an effect on you, we will notify you by placing a prominent announcement on our web pages.
Your rights
You have the right to ask for a copy of the information held by us in our records, in return for which we will charge a small fee. You also have the right to require us to correct any inaccuracies in your information. We respect your right to privacy. If you tell us that you do not wish to have your information used in the ways we have specified, we will respect your wishes. If you would like a copy of some or all of the personal information we hold about you, please write to us:
Your rights change from 25th May 2018. From this date, all individuals who provide us with personal information have the right to:
Be informed;
Access their information;
Request erasure;
Request rectification;
Request that processing is restricted;
Object to the use of their information;
Data portability;
For more information about these rights, and what they mean for you, please visit: https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public/
If you would like to make an access request using these rights, you can do so by contacting us:
RSCDS, 12 Coates Crescent, Edinburgh, Scotland EH3 7AF
The Royal Scottish Country Dance Society (RSCDS) is registered as a Scottish Charitable Company Limited by Guarantee, Charity No. SC 016085 / Company No. SC 480530
Sign up for the RSCDS eNewsletter
Sign up to:
Keep up to date with RSCDS events
Join a worldwide community of Scottish country dance and music
First name
Second name
Your email address
Yes, I would like to receive the regular RSCDS newsletter.
Join an RSCDS Branch & receive member benefits
There are 159 RSCDS Branches and over 300 Affiliated Groups in more than 50 countries around the world, located on all continents (except Antarctica).
They organise and run classes, dances and other social events in their own areas and are committed to helping develop Scottish Dance and Music for future generations.
We encourage you to try Scottish Country Dancing for yourself to see just how much fun it can be, so please come along and learn how to 'Dance Scottish'.
Wherever you are in the world there is most likely Scottish Country Dancing.
Find my nearest branch
Copyright © 2020 Royal Scottish Country Dance Society
Registered Charity No. SC 016085
Company No. SC 480530
12 Coates Crescent, Edinburgh, EH3 7AF
Site designed by The Lane Agency
GET INVOLVED
New to Scottish Country Dancing?
Find a dance class
Support the future development of SCD
Dance Scottish At Home
MEMBERSHIP
Join your local Branch
HQ membership
Member recognition
Start a Branch or Group
QUALIFICATIONS
Get accredited for your dance skills
Become a dance teacher through the RSCDS
Continuing Personal Development
YOUNG DANCERS
Get creative
Youth activities
YS Committee
Join young dancers
Working with young people
Uniformed organisations
HELP SUPPORT THE RSCDS WITH A DONATIOn
ABOUT US
Governance
Management Board & Committees
RSCDS office
People
HISTORY
The founders
The history of SCD
Our Patron
RSCDS Archives
DONATE
Funding opportunities
Donors & legacies
Jean Milligan Memorial Fund (JMMF)
HEALTH STRATEGY
Downloadable pack
Health benefits of SCD
PRESS
Photo use & media pack
Approaching the media
MEMBERS' MAGAZINE
Adverts & submissions
eNewsletter
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
CONTACT US OR LEAVE FEEDBACK
LEARN
What is Scottish Country Dance & music?
What is Step Dancing?
What is Highland Dancing?
What is Ceilidh Dancing?
STEPS & TECHNIQUES
SCD terminology
Guide to basic steps
Formations
Steps & holds
RESOURCES FOR DANCERS
Questions on technique
Questions about dances
The Manual of SCD
Publication updates
DANCING SKILLS ASSESSMENT
Medal Tests
Dancing Achievement Awards
Become an assessor
TEACHING SCD
Teacher CPD & support
Teachers in primary & secondary schools
Mentoring
Tutoring
RESOURCES FOR SCD TEACHERS
Introducing SCD to beginners
Teachers' organisations
eLearning for teachers
TEACHER TRAINING
Basic Teaching Skills
Teaching Certificate
Core Training for Instructors
Train and assess the teachers
RESOURCES FOR MUSICIANS
Types of tunes
Terminology
Familiar SCD tunes
Teaching tracks
Find a dance class near you
SOCIETY EVENTS
Dance Scottish - A Summer Celebration
Summer School
The Autumn Gathering
Winter School
Spring Fling
WORLDWIDE EVENTS
Global dance listings
Festivals & workshops
SCHOLARSHIPS
Visit our Upcoming Events Page
Royal Scottish Country Dance Society
Expanded mobile nav
Home
Get Involved
New to Scottish Country Dancing?
Find a dance class
Membership
Branch membership
Headquarters membership
Start a Branch or Group
Member recognition
Qualifications
Get accredited for your dance skills
Become an RSCDS dance teacher
Continuing Personal Development
Young Dancers
Youth activities
Junior Summer School
Spring Fling
Global Youth Week
Virtual Festival
Youth Mascot
Workshops and youth activities
Get creative
Printables
Activities
Let's connect
Youth Services Committee
Join young dancers
Uniformed organisations
Working with young people
Youth Leadership Award
Ceilidh Dancing
Where to Ceilidh dance?
Ceilidh in a box
Popular Ceilidh dances
Global dance listings
Festivals and workshops
Scholarships
Dance Scottish At Home
Online classes
Dance Scottish - A Summer Celebration
Events
Learn
What is Scottish Country Dance & music?
What is Step Dancing?
What is Highland Dancing?
Steps & techniques
Quick start guide
Scottish dance terminology
Formations
Steps & holds
Simple Scottish dances
Music & how it fits the dance
Resources for dancers
Technique Advisory Panel: General
Technique Advisory Panel: Dances
The Manual of SCD
Publication updates
Thirty Popular Dances Vol. Two
Culla Bay
James Coutts & his Scottish Dance Band
Miss Johnstone of Ardrossan
The Dancing Master
Dancing skills assessments
Medal Tests
Dancing Achievement Awards
Become an assessor
Assessor form
Teaching Scottish Country Dance
Resources for SCD teachers
Introducing SCD to beginners
Teacher CPD & support
Teachers in primary & secondary schools
Jigs & Reels
Dance Trad
Primary School Accreditation
Mentoring
Tutoring
Teachers' organisations
eLearning for teachers
Teacher training
Basic Teaching Skills
Basic Teaching Skills - children
Teaching Certificate
Unit 1
Unit 2
Unit 3
Unit 4
Unit 5
Forms & general information
Exam FAQs & fees
Core Training for Instructors (CTI)
Train & assess the teachers
Music resources
Types of tunes
Jig
Reel
Strathspey
Waltz
March
Terminology
Popular sets of music
Teaching tracks
Book 49
Book 50
Book 51
Book 52
Unit 2: Prescribed Dances
Unit 3: Resources
Courses for musicians
Music Director
Music FAQs
Shop
Volunteering
Management Board volunteers
Committee volunteers
General volunteering
About
History
The founders
The history of SCD
Our Patron
12 Coates Crescent
RSCDS Archive
Governance
Legal & administrative
Management Board & Committees
AGM 2020
Constitutional panel
FGAP
RSCDS office
Donate
Donors and legacies
JMMF
Health strategy
Health benefits of SCD
Members' magazine
Adverts & submissions
eNewsletter
Press
Photo use & media pack
Approaching media outlets
Funding
People
Frequently asked questions
Contact
News & Blog
Branch & Group Finder
Search
Search
DONATE
My RSCDS