http://www.wlky.com/article/hearst-television-news-policy-statements/14471973
Skip to content
NOWCAST
WLKY News at 11pm
Watch on Demand
Copy Link
Copy
{copyShortcut} to copy
Link copied!
Press enter to search
Type to Search
Search location by ZIP code
ZIP
Advertisement
Hearst Television News Policy Statements
Advertisement
Our PurposeHearst Television operates under the premise that first is desired, right is required in everything we do.
Our purpose is one of service, providing quality news and information to the local television markets in which we operate.
We are passionate about truthful, independent, fair, non-biased reporting of stories and issues that impact the communities we serve.
We work daily to uncover and discover news that matters and are committed to recognizing and celebrating the differences that make each of our markets unique.
We work to strengthen and support our communities through public service projects addressing various needs, for example, clothing and food drives, foster care/adoption initiatives, drug take back events, blood drives, emergency telethons. We work to be leaders in the markets we serve and the media industry as a whole.
Our PeopleOur team of journalists reflects the very diverse communities we serve in 26 different local television markets.
We are committed to encouraging, cultivating and fostering a culture of diversity and inclusion. Hearst Television actively supports and recruits from minority journalists organizations and employs a Director of Veteran Recruiting. We celebrate and support the differences among our team members, never discriminating based on age, gender, race, religion, sexual orientation, disabilities or other personal characteristics.
We believe the differences among our team allow us to offer the most relevant, reflective and meaningful news coverage to our communities. Our Commitment to Ethical Standards & Practices Ethics StatementHearst Television news operations seek the truth, remain independent, ensure accuracy and report with respect. We commit to checking facts, questioning information, providing context and remaining transparent with our reporting, our affiliations and potential conflicts of interest.We operate independently and without influence of outside organizations or internal pressures.Fact-checking StandardsIn an effort to ensure every story we produce and publish is accurate, we approach each with a healthy dose of skepticism and operate by the premise that ‘first is desired, right is required.’
That means taking time to research a subject and identify experts who can confirm facts or clarify information.
We seek multiple sources to corroborate claims. We structure our newsrooms to allow for multiple sets of eyes to read or view a story before it is published or broadcast.
Sourcing PolicyHearst Television typically doesn’t rely on single sources and avoids using unnamed sources unless necessary to protect the source from the threat of real or perceived retaliation.
Corrections & Clarification Policy & PracticeHearst Television is committed to accuracy and transparency in reporting.
When mistakes are identified, we seek to quickly and thoughtfully acknowledge and address errors.
Stories published to our websites note when a correction has been made. Our Commitment to Communication Actionable Feedback/Public Engagement activitiesWe encourage our audience to offer input and ideas, interacting by phone, email and social media platforms.
Our high-profile news employees participate in community events and serve as spokespeople for station supported community service efforts. As local news providers, our employees live and work in the communities they serve.
Our Ownership Hearst Television owns and operates local television and radio stations serving 26 media markets across 39 states reaching over 21 million U.S. television households. Through its partnership with nearly all of the major networks, Hearst Television distributes national content over nearly 70 video channels including programming from ABC, NBC, CBS, CW, MY Net, MeTV, This TV, Estrella and more.
Hearst Television is recognized as one of the industry's premier companies, and has been honored with numerous awards for distinguished journalism, industry innovation, and community service.
Hearst Television is a wholly owned subsidiary of Hearst.
The Company’s Web address is www.hearsttelevision.com.