http://www.stcalaska.org/privacy-policy/
Home
About Us
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us.
It is stc alaska’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website. Accordingly, we have developed this privacy policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate, disclose and otherwise make use of personal information. We have outlined our privacy policy below.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use personal information solely for fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other ancillary purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by using reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We will only retain personal information for as long as necessary for the fulfilment of those purposes.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained. stc alaska may change this privacy policy from time to time at stc alaska’s sole discretion.
Recent Posts
Reasons Why You Should Hire an Experienced Photographer
Hacks in Removing the Rust from Metal Things
Things to Consider When Hiring a Caterer
Check Your Car Before You Go
The Reasons as to Why Carpet Cleaning is Crucial to Us
Search for:
Recent Comments
STC AlaskaReasons Why You Should Hire an Experienced Photographer November 20, 2019Thanks to camera phones and social media, there are now a lot of images in this world that before and this simply means that competition is huge. In fact, in the hospitality field, a great photography is very important as their main goal is to attract more potential customers as much as possible. As consumers, […] stc2017Hacks in Removing the Rust from Metal Things August 22, 2019Most of the people would throw immediately the metal things that they have at home when they have noticed that it is full of rust and you think it’s useless. But for those bigger container boxes that we can in the port, they have been cleaned very well by doing the sandblasting so that they would […] stc2017Things to Consider When Hiring a Caterer August 5, 2019A true lifesaver at an event is the ability to enjoy a quality meal or cocktail hour. People use food as bonding moments whenever they’re at events. This is also the time where people use the event as an excuse to indulge a bit more than usual.   If you are planning an event, you have […] stc2017Check Your Car Before You Go April 24, 2019Many car accidents have occurred and one of the reasons why those accidents occur is not checking the car’s well-being and its essentials that is a must to properly check. Car accidents are currently one of the top causes of accidents and deaths, if you are not careful enough of the road then you might […] stc2017The Reasons as to Why Carpet Cleaning is Crucial to Us April 17, 2019Carpets are a great addition to any home; it is something that has proven its advantages to any homeowner. It has also helped the home bills from going out of control. This is very advantageous for people who is always looking for something to make sure that their living is worth it. However, carpets will […] stc2017Walking with A Shake April 15, 2019Everyday this kind of phenomena is in a constant movement. Walking along the streets, doing your dishes or even sitting in the living room and watch your favorite series on the television. Earthquake has been already the first natural phenomena that we felt or experience when we were born in this world. Sometimes we just […] stc2017Should you Visit a Dentist? April 30, 2018Your oral health is essential, whether you are 8 or 80. Did you know? Every year, even though good oral hygiene and routine oral check-ups could avoid almost all oral disease and improve your health, 50% of Americans still fail to visit a dentist.   Here are some signs that you must see a dentist:  Severe […] stc20174 Different Types of Tow Trucks and their Purposes  April 1, 2018Towing trucks are really helpful when it comes to rescuing malfunctioned vehicles. You can also see those hauling illegally parked vehicles and those vehicles that are involved in an accident. Tow trucks are everywhere, and the world is different without them. A towing company like http://www.bocadelraytowing.com/ offers different towing services. They don’t have a single truck, they […] stc20172 Ways to Easily Remove Tree Stump March 7, 2018The big reason why the tree removal should be done by professionals is that it’s laborious and at the same time laborious. Doing the DIY way is tricky, since you need to have the proper equipment and tools and past experience to successfully do it. Unlike Kansas City tree trimming, tree removal couldn’t be accomplished alone […] stc2017 Archives
November 2019
August 2019
April 2019
April 2018
March 2018
Categories
Carpet Cleaning
Catering Service
Dentist
Electrician
Photographer
Sandblasting
Tow Trucks
Tree Stump
Windshield Repair
Designed by
Elegant Themes