http://www.nashvillesongwriters.com/nashville-songwriters-privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Nashville Songwriters Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting the nashvillesongwriters.com website ("Website"). The Website is operated by the Nashville Songwriters Association International (“Nashville Songwriters,” “we,” “us,” “our” or similar pronoun).  Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy, we provide this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used at the Website. This Privacy Policy applies only to the Website, and covers information collected on or through or in connection with your use of the Website.
We reserve the right to modify the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy or to change, modify or otherwise alter any feature of the Website in our sole discretion at any time. Changes may be communicated to you via one of the following methods: (1) by sending an email alerting you to the revised Privacy Policy; or (2) by otherwise making the revised Privacy Policy available for your review. Any modifications to this Privacy Policy will supersede the prior provisions for all activity occurring after the revised version has been made available in the manner described above. Your continued use of the Website after the revised version is made available constitutes your agreement to the revision.  We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
The Information We Collect At the Website, you can view and obtain information about NSAI and our programs.  When you submit a request for information about our programs, we will collect personal data from you in order to process your request.
When you sign up to be a member of NSAI through the Website, we may collect information we ask you for, like your username, password, address, e-mail address, telephone number, date of birth, gender, postal code, and country. We may also collect information you voluntarily add to your profile, such as information about you or your song writing, or information you share in a member lounge on the Website. We may store this information so that it can be used for the purposes explained in the How We Use the Information We Collect section below.
When you sign up to be a member of NSAI or make any purchases through the Website, your credit card information and other financial data that we need to process your payment are collected and stored by third party payment processors. We may collect some limited information, such as your postal code and details of your transaction history. In addition, the third party payment processors generally provide us with some limited information related to you, such as a unique token that enables you to make additional purchases using the information they’ve stored, and your card’s type, expiration date, and last four digits.
It is our policy to take all necessary steps to ensure that personal data held by us is processed fairly and lawfully.  We will take all necessary steps to implement this policy.  All our employees and data processors who have access to personal data are obliged to respect the confidentiality of your personal data. It is our policy to comply with all applicable laws.
We, as well as any third party advertisers and/or service providers, also may collect certain non-personal data when you visit the Website or access the Website (“Usage Information”). Usage Information may include: (i) information about your type of membership and your interactions with the Website, and advertising, products and services which are offered, linked to or made available on the Website; (ii) the details of the queries you make; (iii) any material you post, upload and/or contribute to the Website; (iv) technical data, which may include the URL you are coming from, the type of browser you are using (e.g., Mozilla Firefox, Netscape, Internet Explorer), the type of operating system you are using, (e.g., Mac or PC), the IP address of any of your computer(s) or devices which may be used to access the Website, certain information necessary for us to uniquely identify your computer(s) or devices, the domain name of your Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, unique deviceIDs, network and computer performance, language and identifying information, date/time stamp, clickstream data, and pixel tags.  In addition, when you visit the Website our servers automatically collect information describing your use of the Website, including content accessed by you, page/screen visits, length of time viewing a certain page or program, how the content is viewed, etc.
To enhance your experience with the Website, our web pages on the Website may use cookies, analytics software and/or pixel tags. Cookies are text files we place in your computer's browser to store your preferences. Pixel tags are transparent graphic images placed on a web page which indicates that a page has been viewed.  Cookies and pixel tags, by themselves, do not tell us your email address or other personal data unless you choose to provide this information to us by, for example, registering on the Website. However, once you choose to furnish the Website with personal data, this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie and/or pixel tag.
We use cookies, analytics software and pixel tags to understand Website usage and to improve the content and offerings on the Website. For example, we may use cookies to personalize your experience at our web pages (e.g., to recognize you by name when you return to the Website), and provide content customized to your interests and preferences.
To learn how you may be able to reduce the number of cookies you receive from us, or delete cookies that have already been installed in your browser’s cookie folder, please refer to your browser’s help menu or other instructions related to your browser.  If you do disable or opt out of receiving cookies, please be aware that some features and services on our Website may not work properly because we may not be able to recognize and associate you with your account(s). In addition, the offers we provide when you visit us may not be as relevant to you or tailored to your interests.
How We Use the Information We CollectWe may use the information we collect or you provide about yourself to fulfill your requests for our programs and services and to respond to your inquiries about our programs and services.  In addition, we may share your personal information data with our regional workshop coordinators, who are volunteers working with NSAI on a regional level to service our members.
We may also use the information we collect to: (i) ensure technical functioning of the Website and products and services made available through the Website, develop new products and services, and analyse your use of the Website, including your interaction with applications, advertising, products and services that are made available, linked to or offered in the Website; (ii) enable and promote the Website, including features and content of the Website and products and services made available through the Website, such as sharing, user interactions, notifications and suggestions, and integration with third party services; (iii) enforce this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use, including to protect the rights, property or safety of the Website, users or any other person and the copyright-protected content of the Website; and (iv) as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy.
We sometimes use this information to communicate with you, such as to notify you about our programs, to fulfill your requests, or to contact you about your requests.
We sometimes use the non-personal data that we collect to improve the design and content of the Website and to enable us to personalize your experience in using the Website. We also may use this information in the aggregate to analyze Website usage.
ADROLL
Information Collection, Use, and SharingAt NSAI, we have a huge respect for your privacy. Third parties (such as AdRoll) may place cookies on your browser for targeted advertising purposes. Information collected may include IP addresses, cookie identifiers and website activity. You may opt out here. We promise to not share your e-mail address, or any other customer information, with third parties. Your information is used, as necessary, to fulfill orders, keep you informed (if you wish) and for customer service. If you have any questions about the details of our privacy policy, please do not hesitate to contact us.
AdRoll -- AdRoll Privacy Policy
How We Share the Information We CollectWe may share the information we collect, including your personal information, as follows:
Third Parties Providing Services On Our Behalf.  We may share your personal information with third parties that perform functions on our behalf (or on behalf of our partners) such as service providers that host or operate our Website, analyze data, process transactions and payments, fulfill orders or provide customer service; mailing houses that send out mass mailings for us; advertisers; sponsors or other third parties that participate in or administer our promotions, contests, sweepstakes, surveys or provide marketing or promotional assistance and “powered by” partners or partners in co-branded sites.  Your Personal Information may also be used by us or shared with our subsidiaries, affiliates, sponsors, partners, advertisers, or other third parties to provide you with product information and promotional and other offers.
Please recognize that we and/or our third party service providers (such as mailing houses, or customer service vendors) may store this information, and may share this information with third parties as necessary to process your requests and provide access to the Website by you.  We may also use this information for internal review and analysis of the Website.
We may disclose personal data in response to legal process, for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena. We also may disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency’s request, or transfer such information to a successor of NSAI or any person or entity that acquires ownership or control of NSAI or the Website via any means, including, but not limited to merger, sale reorganization, consolidation, or liquidation. In such event, you recognize that such successor, person or entity may make changes or modifications to this Privacy Policy, and your continued use of the Website constitutes consent to any such changes or modifications.
Agents and contractors of NSAI who have access to personal data are required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information, we cannot assure you that personal data that we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy.
Your Agreement To Have Your Personal Information Shared.  While on our Website, you may have the opportunity to receive information and/or marketing offers from someone else or to otherwise have your information shared with a third party. In connection with the foregoing, your personal information will be disclosed to the third party and the personal information you disclose will be subject to the privacy policy and business practices of that third party.
Opting OutIf at any time you wish to opt out of receiving communications related to the Website, we will provide an unsubscribe link at the bottom of each email you receive with options to opt out of one list, all lists, or to be added to a global do-not-email list.
You should note that in some instances, certain information or services can only be provided to you if personal data is provided. If you elect not to provide such personal data or opt out of receiving electronic communications, you may not be able to receive certain content or information.
Your Privacy Rights, Choice and AccessIf you wish to modify, verify, correct, or delete any of your personal information collected through the Website, you may edit your registered user information or contact us at the above address or email. In accordance with our routine record keeping, we may delete certain records that contain personal information collected through the Website. We are under no obligation to store such personal information indefinitely and disclaim any liability arising out of, or related to, the destruction of such personal information. It may not always possible to completely remove or delete all of your information from our databases without some residual data because of backups and other reasons. We will retain your information (including geo-location data) for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you with the Website. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you with the Website contact us at admin@nashvillesongwriters.com.  We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Consent to Processing and Transfer of InformationThe Website is governed by and operated in, and in accordance with the laws of the United States. We make no representation that the Website is governed by or operated in accordance with the laws of any other nation. Given that we are an international business, our use of your information necessarily involves the transmission of data on an international basis. If you are located in the European Union, Canada or elsewhere outside of the United States, please be aware that information we collect may be transferred to and processed in the United States. By using the Website, or providing us with any information, you (a) acknowledge that the Website is subject to the laws of the United States, (b) consent to the collection, processing, maintenance and transfer of such information in and to the United States and other applicable territories in which the privacy laws may not be as comprehensive as or equivalent to those in the country where you reside and/or are a citizen, and (c) waive any claims that may arise under those laws.
Collection of Information by Third-Party Websites and SponsorsThe Website may contain links to other sites we do not own or operate and whose information practices may be different than ours. This includes links from advertisers, sponsors and/or partners that may use our logo(s) as part of a co-branding or co-marketing agreement. We do not control, recommend or endorse and are not responsible for these sites or their content, products, services or privacy policies or practices. These other sites may send their own cookies to your computer or device, they may independently collect data or solicit personal information and may or may not have their own published privacy policies. Visitors should consult the other websites' privacy notices as we have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties.
We sometimes may offer content (e.g., contests, sweepstakes, or promotions) that is sponsored by or co-branded with identified third parties. By virtue of these relationships, the third parties may obtain personal data that visitors voluntarily submit to participate in the Website activity. We have no control over these parties' use of this information. We will notify you at the time of requesting personal data if these parties will obtain such information.  We may also disclose aggregate statistics regarding user behavior as a measure of interest in, and use of, our Website and emails to third parties in the form of aggregate data, such as overall patterns or demographic reports that do not describe or identify any individual user.
The Website may make available chat rooms, forums, message boards, and news groups. Remember that any information that you disclose in these areas becomes public information and is not subject to the provisions of this Privacy Policy.
SecurityWe take information security seriously and use reasonable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the information we collect online.
Of course, no data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure, and any message or information you send to the Website may be read or intercepted by others, even if there is a special notice that a particular transmission is encrypted, so please be aware that you provide your personal data at your own risk.If we believe that the security of your personal data in our possession or control may have been compromised, we may seek to notify you of that development. If a notification is appropriate, and, to the extent we have your email address, we may notify you by email. You consent to our use of email as a means of such notification.  Collection of Information by Children The Website is not directed to children under 13.  NSAI does not knowingly collect any personal data submitted to the Website from individuals under the age of 13 without first obtaining verifiable consent from the child's parent or legal guardian, except in the limited circumstances described below.   If we determine upon collection that a user is under this age, we will not use or maintain his/her personal information without the parent/guardian’s consent. If we become aware that we have unknowingly collected personally identifiable information from a child under the age of 13, we will make reasonable efforts to delete such information from our records.
How You Can Access or Correct InformationFor instructions on how you can access the personal data that the Website has collected about you online, or how to correct factual errors in such information, please visit here: http://members.nashvillesongwriters.com/profile.php (you must be logged in to see this information).
To protect your privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to help verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
How to Contact UsIf you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy for the Website or its implementation you may contact us at reception@nashvillesongwriters.com.
Effective DateJanuary 01, 2015
Updated April 1, 2018
My Cart [0 items]
TESTIMONIAL
Blue Broussard
“I first heard about NSAI from a songwriting friend of mine. He encouraged me to join and become as active as possible.... read more