http://www.badmovies.org/information/privacy.html
"A website to the detriment of good film"
Custom Search
HOMEB-MOVIE REVIEWSREADER REVIEWSFORUMINTERVIEWSUPDATESABOUT
Badmovies.org Home | B-Movie Reviews | Reader Reviews | Capsule Reviews | TV Show ReviewsBadmovies.org Home | Slime Awards | Finding Bad Movies | Random Thoughts | BannersBadmovies.org Home | FAQ | Fair Use Law | Advertising | Privacy Policy | ContactBadmovies.org Home | Favorites | B-Movies | Monsters | Studios | Horror | Purchasing | Around the Web
WHO ARE YOU?
Online privacy should be important to you.
This page outlines exactly what information is gathered when you visit Badmovies.org.
Do not make the mistake of thinking you are anonymous while online.
If someone wants to find you, they will.
The Badmovies.org server does keep logs, intended to assist in debugging and also controlling criminal activity.
These logs contain information such as your IP address.
Log files are private, only available to myself and the hosting administrators.
A program on the server provides general statistical information about traffic and that is all.
If you click on the review for Plan Nine from Outer Space then the program lets me know ten thousand and one people have now read the review, vice ten thousand.
Only by manually checking the server log can I start to identify you.
Unless you have been doing something naughty, I really do not have the time.
So who can track you easily?
Advertising agencies who I am affiliated with, Google Analytics, and Quantcast.
Third-party advertising companies serve ads when you visit the website.
These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. You can get more information and opt-out of targeted advertising for any members of the Network Advertising Initiative by visiting this webpage.
If you are looking for more on the subject I suggest reading the Electronic Frontier Foundation's website.
You are not required to register or provide any personal information on this site.
The site does use cookies for the Forum.
They are required for the software; I do not use them to gather information.
Once you leave the Internet stockade that is Badmovies.org I can not guarantee your safety.
Beware, grinning tentacled death or a naked woman may be one click away.
Share on Facebook
Subscribe by RSS
Subscribe by Email
Recommended Articles
How To Find A Bad Movie
The Champions of Justice
Plan 9 from Outer Space
Manos, The Hands of Fate
Podcast: Todd the Convenience Store Clerk
Faster, Pussycat!
Kill!
Kill!
The Human Tornado
Maniac
The Educational Archives: Driver's Ed
Godzilla vs. Monster Zero
Do you have a zombie plan?
FROM THE BADMOVIES.ORG ARCHIVES
The Giant Claw -
Earth is visited by a GIANT ANTIMATTER SPACE BUZZARD!
Gawk at the amazingly bad bird puppet, or chuckle over the silly dialog.
This is one of the greatest b-movies ever made.
Lesson Learned: Osmosis: os·mo·sis (oz-mo'sis, os-) n., 1. When a bird eats something.
Subscribe to Badmovies.org and get updates by email:
HOME
B-Movie Reviews
Reader Reviews
Forum
Interviews
TV Shows
Advertising
Information
Sideshows
Links
Contact
Badmovies.org is owned and operated by Andrew Borntreger.
All original content is © 1998 - 2014 by its respective author(s).
Image, video, and audio files are used in accordance with Fair Use, and are property of the film copyright holders.
You may freely link to any page (.html or .php) on this website, but reproduction in any other form must be authorized by the copyright holder.