http://www.southwalespotters.org.uk/data-privacy.aspx
Data Privacy Notice
South Wales Potters (SWP) is committed to protecting your personal information and being clear about what information we hold about you and how we use it. This privacy notice tells you what to expect when SWP collects personal information. This applies to information we collect about:
SWP members
Temporary members attending SWP events
Suppliers of Goods and Services, including demonstrators and advisors
Visitors to our website
Recipients of our Shards Newsletter
We process personal information which includes names, addresses, email addresses and telephone numbers, and hold some banking details to enable us to:
promote and administer our services to members
provide information about events and exhibitions
send invoices and receipts as well as make bank payments relating to SWP activities, events and exhibitions
maintain our accounts
We have only the personal data you have provided to us. We do not gather information on our members from any third-party agencies or services.
SWP takes care to ensure the security of all personal data. We make sure that your information is protected from unauthorised access, loss, manipulation, falsification, destruction or unauthorised disclosure. This is done through appropriate technical measures and practices. We use an encrypted GDPR-compliant secure cloud service with servers located in a country outside of the EU with data privacy laws compatible with the EU requirements. We will only keep your data for the purposes for which it was collected and only for as long as is necessary, after which it will be deleted.
Members
When you join SWP you provide your name, address, email address, telephone number, website address. In administering your membership your banking details may be retained in the online banking systems and your name will be included in the accounting records when you pay subscriptions, pay for events, activities or exhibition entry or are paid exhibition sales receipts, or are refunded for expenses.
The legal basis for collection and processing of your personal data is deemed to be the Legitimate Interests of South Wales Potters. We are unable to administer your membership without the personal information we request. When you join SWP you can reasonably expect to receive information about SWP activities, services, events and exhibitions. We will not use personal data in ways that would be regarded as intrusive or could compromise your interests.
When we process your personal information for our legitimate interests, we make sure to consider and balance any potential impact on you and your rights under data protection laws.
When you join SWP we ask for your consent for your details to be included in the printed membership booklet and as new members in Shards. Members can also request inclusion or removal from the next edition of the members' handbook at any time by sending a request to the SWP Data Protection Officer at email@southwalespotters.org.uk or in writing to South Wales Potters, 77 High Cross Lane, Rogerstone, Newport, NP10 9DJ.
We use a GDPR-compliant service called Mailchimp to contact members by email, which includes an unsubscribe facility.
We store the membership database on an encrypted GDPR-compliant secure cloud service and access is restricted to SWP officers who need this information to provide services to members.
We will only keep your data for the purposes for which it was collected and only for as long as is necessary, after which it will be deleted.
We may need to share the financial information with the auditor of the SWP accounts.
Solely for verification purposes, we provide members' names and membership numbers to the few third-party pottery suppliers who provide discounts to members. They do not receive any other data from us.
You have the legal right to request a copy of your personal information and to request that we correct your personal information if it is inaccurate. If you have any concerns about the processing of your personal information, you have the right to object. Please bear in mind that if you object then this may affect our ability to deliver the SWP services to you. To exercise any of these rights please contact the SWP Data Protection Officer at email@southwalespotters.org.uk. or write to South Wales Potters, 77 High Cross Lane, Rogerstone, Newport, NP10 9DJ.
Suppliers, Demonstrators and Advisors
If you are supplying Goods and Services to SWP we may process personal information about you, such as your contact details and financial details, in order to enter into agreements and make payments.
The legal basis for collection and processing of this personal data is necessary for the performance of the Contract for the provision of the goods and services.
We will not use your data for any other purpose and will retain your details for as long as required to deliver the Contract, and as part of the accounting records which are held for 7 years. We may need to share this information with the auditor of the SWP accounts.
You have the legal right to request a copy of your personal information and to request that we correct your personal information if it is inaccurate. To do this please
contact the SWP Data Protection Officer at email@southwalespotters.org.uk or write to South Wales Potters, 77 High Cross Lane, Rogerstone, Newport, NP10 9DJ.
Recipients of our Newsletters
We send out our Shards newsletter to SWP members using contact details provided by members when they join SWP. The lawful basis of this processing is legitimate interests of SWP as this is a service provided to our members.
We also send out the Shards newsletter to our advertisers and other ceramic-related organisations and pottery groups across the UK.
Our lawful basis for processing this information is consent.
The contact names and addresses used to post the Shards newsletter are retained on an encrypted GDPR-compliant secure cloud service and access is restricted to SWP officers who need this information to provide services to members.
We will not use your data for any other purpose.
You have the legal right to request a copy of your personal information and to request that we correct your personal information if it is inaccurate. You also have the right to request the deletion or the restriction of the processing of your personal information. To exercise any of these rights please send a request to the SWP Data Protection Officer at email@southwalespotters.org.uk or write to South Wales Potters, 77 High Cross Lane, Rogerstone, Newport, NP10 9DJ.
Website
When you visit www.southwalespotters.org.uk we collect information using cookies. A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added, and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about you.
We use Google Analytics cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to members’ needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser settings to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Our website contains links to other websites, such as other organisations involved in ceramics and sponsors who are suppliers. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that this privacy policy does not extend to any other website.
In Summary
In accordance with the law, we only collect the limited amount of information about you that is necessary for correspondence, information and service provision. We do not do any automated decision making; we do not use profiling; we do not sell your data to third parties. We do not use your data for purposes other than those specified. We make sure your data is stored securely and used appropriately. We delete all information deemed to be no longer necessary. We will regularly review our Privacy Policies to keep up to date and to protect your data.
You can read more about GDPR and your rights, including the circumstances in which they apply, in the Guidance from the UK Information Commissioner's Office (ICO) https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public.
Complaints
If you wish to complain about the way your personal data is stored by SWP, please send a request to the SWP Data Protection Officer:
The SWP Data Protection Officer Sue Humphreys
Contact email@southwalespotters.org.uk Telephone 01633 422223
Postal Address 77 High Cross Lane, Rogerstone, Newport, NP10 9DJ.
If you are not happy with our response to any complaint you also have the right to complain about our use of personal data to the ICO. You can do this by contacting the ICO via their website https://ico.org.uk/concerns or by calling them.
Changes to this privacy notice
We keep our privacy notice under regular review. This privacy notice was last updated on 19 May 2018 and is version SWP001.