http://www.spoilertv.com/p/privacy-policy.html
SpoilerTV - TV Spoilers
Start
We bring you a comprehensive and up to date spoiler service on all the major US TV shows and Movies. You can find specific show content by clicking the menu system at the top of the screen. We scour the Internet for spoilers as well as posting our own
exclusive spoilers (Scripts, Casting Calls, Set Photos etc) as well as recaps and other fun articles and polls. We hope you enjoy your stay.
Columns
A Month at the Movies
Movie Reviews
Performer of the Month
Pitch Your Idea
Podcast
Quote of the Week
Scene of the Week
Scene of the Month
Throwback Thursday
User Submitted Polls
Weekly Round Table
Reference
2020/21 Primetime Schedule
Cancellation Table
Development Watch
Events Calendar
Full Season Ratings
Pilot Watch
Premiere Calendar
Show Status Report
Weekly Ratings Table
Features
Android App
Browser Extension
Site Configuration
Episode Database
Image Gallery
What's Hot!
Community
Facebook and Twitter
Giveways (Win stuff!)
Hall of Fame
Introduce Yourself
Meet the Team
Open Discussion
Quizzes
Submit Scoop
Need Help?
Contact Us
FAQ/Help Files
Privacy Policy
Ratings FAQ
Release Notes
Send Feedback
Troubleshooting
Broadcast
ABC
A Million Little Things
American Housewife
Big Sky
Black-ish
Call Your Mother
For Life
Grey's Anatomy
Home Economics
Mixed-ish
Rebel
Station 19
The Conners
The Goldbergs
The Good Doctor
The Rookie
Women of the Movement
CBS
All Rise
B Positive
Blood and Treasure
Blue Bloods
Bob Hearts Abishola
Bull
Clarice
CSI: Vegas
Evil
F.B.I
F.B.I Most Wanted
MacGyver
Magnum P.I.
Mom
NCIS
NCIS: Los Angeles
NCIS: New Orleans
SEAL Team
S.W.A.T
The Equalizer
The Neighborhood
The Unicorn
United States of Al
Young Sheldon
CW
All American
Batwoman
Black Lightning
Charmed
Dynasty
In the Dark
Kung Fu
Legends of Tomorrow
Legacies
Nancy Drew
Pandora
Riverdale
Roswell, New Mexico
Stargirl
Supergirl
Superman and Lois
The Flash
The Outpost
The Republic of Sarah
Two Sentence Horror Stories
Walker
FOX
9-1-1
9-1-1 : Lone Star
Bless the Harts
Bob's Burgers
Call Me Kat
Duncanville
Family Guy
Housebroken
Last Man Standing
Next
Prodigal Son
The Great North
The Moodys
The Resident
The Simpsons
This Country
NBC
Brooklyn Nine-Nine
Chicago Fire
Chicago Med
Chicago PD
Debris
Good Girls
Joe Exotic
Kenan
Law and Order: OC
Law and Order: SVU
Manifest
Mr. Mayor
New Amsterdam
Superstore
The Blacklist
This is Us
Young Rock
Zoey's Extraordinary Playlist
Cable (A-N)
AMC
61st Street
Better Call Saul
Creepshow
Dispatches from Elsewhere
Fear The Walking Dead
Kevin Can F**k Himself
La Fortuna
National Anthem
Pantheon
Soulmates
Tales Of The Walking Dead
The Terror
The Walking Dead
The Walking Dead: World Beyond
BBC America
Doctor Who
Killing Eve
The Watch
Disney
Raven's Home
Spider-Man
Freeform
Cruel Summer
Everything's Gonna Be Okay
Good Trouble
Grown-ish
Motherland: Fort Salem
The Bold Type
FX
American Crime Story
American Horror Story
Archer
Atlanta
Better Things
Breeders
Dave
Fargo
It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia
Mayans MC
Mr. Inbetween
Redeemer
Platform
Pose
Shogun
Snowfall
Taboo
What We Do In The Shadows
HBO
A5
Avenue 5
Barry
Betty
Curb Your Enthusiasm
Contraband
Euphoria
Gentleman Jack
Gorilla and the Bird
House of the Dragon
In Treatment
Industry
Insecure
Lovecraft Country
Mare of Easttown
Perry Mason
Qualityland
Somebody Somewhere
HBO
Succession
The Gilded Age
The Last of Us
The Nevers
The Plot Against America
The Righteous Gemstones
The Son
The Time Traveler's Wife
The Undoing
The White House Plumbers
Unruly
Untitled Lakers Project
We Are Who We Are
Westworld
Cable (S-U)
Showtime
Billions
Black Monday
Blackbird
City on a Hill
Dexter
First Ladies
Flatbush Misdemeanors
Kavalier and Clay
Moonbase 8
Ripley
Rust
Shameless
The Chi
The Curse
The L Word
Three Women
Work in Progress
Your Honor
Starz
American Gods
Becoming Elizabeth
Black Mafia Family
Blindspotting
Dangerous Liaisons
Heels
Hightown
Outlander
P-Valley
Power Book II: Ghost
Power Book III: Raising Kanan
Power Book IV: Force
Power Book V: Influence
Run The World
Step Up
The Continental
The Girlfriend Experience
Syfy
Chucky
Day of the Dead
Resident Alien
The Surrealtor
Van Helsing
Wynonna Earp
TNT
Animal Kingdom
Claws
Snowpiercer
The Alienist
USA Network
Dirty John
Queen of the South
The Sinner
Amazon
Amazon Shows
A League of Their Own
Bosch
Carnival Row
Citadel
Daisy Jones and The Six
Dead Ringers
Dirty Diana
Fallout
Goliath
Hanna
Homecoming
Hunters
I Know What You Did Last Summer
Jack Reacher
Jack Ryan
Lightyears
Modern Love
Nancy Wu Done It
On The Spectrum
Outer Range
Panic
Paper Girls
Tales From the Loop
Tell Me Your Secrets
The Boys
The Banker's
The Expanse
The Expatriates
The Horror of Dolores Roach
The Lord of the Rings
The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel
The Peripheral
The Power
The Rig
The Terminal List
The Underground Railroad
The Wheel of Time
The Wilds
Them
Things I Know To Be True
Tong Wars
Truth Seekers
Upload
Hulu
Hulu Shows
A Teacher
American Horror Stories
Candy
Conversations With Friends
Dollface
Dopesick
Helstrom
Into The Dark
Light as a Feather
Little Fires Everywhere
Love Beth
Love, Victor
M.O.D.O.K.
Monsterland
Nine Perfect Strangers
Only Murders In The Building
Pen15
Ramy
Shrill
Solar Opposites
The Dropout
The Girl From Plainville
The Great
The Handmaid's Tale
The Old Man
The Orville
Utopia Falls
Woke
Wu-Tang: An American Saga
Y: The Last Man
Netflix
Netflix Shows
10 After Midnight
After Life
All Of Us Are Dead
American Jesus
Anatomy of a Scandal
Another Life
Archive 81
Atypical
Black Summer
Blood and Water
Brand New Cherry Flavor
Bridgerton
Chilling Adventures of Sabrina
Cobra Kai
Country Comfort
Cowboy Bebop
Cursed
Dad Stop Embarrassing Me
Dash and Lily
Dead to Me
Dear White People
Elite
Emily In Paris
Fate: The Winx Saga
Firefly Lane
First Kill
From Scratch
Ginny and Georgia
Grace and Frankie
God's Favorite Idiot
Grand Army
Halston
Heartbreak High
Hit and Run
In From the Cold
Inventing Anna
Julie and the Phantoms
Jupiter's Legacy
Jurassic World: Camp Cretaceous
Kaos
Kings of America
Living With Yourself
Locke and Key
Lost in Space
Lucifer
Maid
Medical Police
Midnight Mass
Monster: The Jeffrey Dahmer Story
Narcos
Narcos Mexico
Never Have I Ever
Notes on Love
On The Verge
One Piece
Outer Banks
Ozark
Painkiller
Pieces of Her
Raising Dion
Ratched
Resident Evil
Russian Doll
Selena
Sentient
Sex Education
Sex Life
Shadow and Bone
Social Distance
Space Force
Spinning Out
Stay Close
Stranger Things
Sweet Magnolias
Sweet Tooth
The Baby-Sitters Club
The Chair
The Crew
The Crown
The Duchess
The Girl on the Bus
The Kominsky Method
The Last Airbender
The Last Bus
The Last Kingdom
The Letter For The King
The Midnight Club
The One
The Politician
The Rain
The Sandman
The Three Body Problem
The Umbrella Academy
The Upshaws
The Witcher: Blood Origin
The Witcher
The Woman In The House
Tiny Pretty Things
True Story
Vikings: Valhalla
Virgin River
Warrior Nun
White Stork
You
Young Wallander
Zero Chill
Streaming
AppleTV+
Amazing Stories
Dickinson
Echo 3
Five Days At Memorial
For All Mankind
Foundation
Ghostwriter
Hedy Lamarr
High Desert
Home Before Dark
Invasion
Lisey’s Story
Little Voice
Masters of the Air
Mosquito Coast
Mr. Corman
Mythic Quest: Raven's Banquet
Physical
Platonic
See
Servant
Severance
Shantaram
Shining Girls
Slow Horses
Surface
Suspicion
Swagger
Ted Lasso
The Afterparty
The Essex Serpent
The Last Thing He Told Me
The Morning Show
The Shrink Next Door
The Sting
Truth Be Told
Trying
CBSAA/Paramount+
Coyote
Grease: Rise Of The Pink Ladies
Guilty Party
iCarly
Lioness
No Activity
Star Trek: Discovery
Star Trek: Lower Decks
Star Trek: Picard
Star Trek: Section 31
Star Trek: Strange New Worlds
Tell Me a Story
The Good Fight
The Man Who Fell to Earth
The Offer
The Stand
The Twilight Zone
Why Women Kill
Disney+
Big Shot
Doogie Kamealoha M.D.
Hawkeye
High School Musical
Just Beyond
Leslye Headland Star Wars Project
Lizzie McGuire
Loki
Moon Knight
Ms.Marvel
Obi-Wan Kenobi
Rogue One
She-Hulk
Star Wars: The Bad Batch
The Falcon and the Winter Soldier
The Mandalorian
The Mighty Ducks
The Mysterious Benedict Society
The Proud Family
The Right Stuff
Turner and Hooch
WandaVision
What If
Willow
HBO MAX
Blair
College Girls
Crime Farm
DC Super Hero High
DMZ
Doom Patrol
Dune: The Sisterhood
Duster
Generation
Gossip Girl
Green Lantern
Justice League Dark
Love Life
Made for Love
Our Flag Means Death
Overlook
Peacemaker
Pretty Little Liars: Original Sin
Raised by Wolves
Rap Sh*t
Station Eleven
Strange Adventures
The Flight Attendant
The Prince
The Sex Lives Of College Girls
The Uninhabitable Earth
The Westing Game
Titans
Tokyo Vice
peacock
Angelyne
Battlestar Galactica
Bel-Air
Dr. Death
GIRLS5EVA
Lady Parts
MacGruber
One of Us Is Lying
Punky Brewster
Rutherford Falls
Saved by the Bell
Wiped Out
Misc and UK
Misc Shows
Absentia
American Dad
Chesapeake Shores
Leverage
South Park
Vikings
Warrior
When Calls the Heart
Yellowstone
Younger
All Other Misc Shows
UK Shows
A Discovery of Witches
Doctor Who
His Dark Materials
Line of Duty
Peaky Blinders
The End of the Fucking World
The Night Manager
Victoria
All Others
Features
Feature List
Below is a full list of all the features, special articles and other key links
2020/21 Primetime Schedule
A Month at the Movies
About Us
Android App
Announcements
Banner Gallery
Browser Extensions
Cancelled Shows
Cancellation Table
Comic-Con
Daily Newsreel
Open Discussion Thread
Development Watch
Contact Us
Episode Database
Events Calendar
Fall 2020/21 Schedule
Facebook Pages
FAQ/Help Files
Hall of Fame
Image Gallery
In Development
Introduce Yourself
Meet the Team
Most Watched Shows
Movies
Movies Reviews
Pilot Shows
Pilot Watch
Pitch Your Idea
Podcast
Premiere Calendar
Production Dates
Quick Poll Submission
Quizzes
Quote of the Week
Ratings
Release Notes
Renewals/Cancellations
Reviews
Scene of the Week
Scene of the Month
Send Feedback
Show Twitter Accounts
Site Configuration
Throwback Thursday
TV Scorecard 2018/19
Submit Scoop
User Submitted Polls
Weekly Ratings Table
Weekly Round Table
What's HOT!
YouSay
Help
Need some help?
If you require any help with SpoilerTV, please don't hesitate to contact us but please check the links below to see if they will help you first.
About Us
Contact Us
FAQ/Help Files
GDPR
Meet the Team
Privacy Policy
Ratings FAQ
Release Notes
Report Audio Ads
Send Feedback
Site Configuration
Troubleshooting
Ratings
Looking for TV Ratings?
Below you will find some key links to our Ratings Articles.
Daily Early Ratings
Final Adjusted Ratings
Full Season-to-Date Broadcast Ratings
Cancellation Predicator
Live+3 Ratings
Live+7 Ratings
Weekly Nielsen Streaming Charts
Weekly Broadcast Ratings
Broadcast Shows Network Comparison
Ratings Database
Ratings FAQ
TRENDING NOW!
What's HOT!
See What's Trending
Photo Gallery
View over 350,000 Images
Pilot Watch
Latest Pilot News
Movies
Movie News and Trailers
Ratings News
Full TV Ratings
Premiere Calendar
See when your shows return
Episode Database
Ratings, Titles and Airdates
Cancellation Table
See if your show is safe!
Full Ratings Tables
This Seasons full ratings
TV Scorecard
Status of your shows
What's On Tonight
Simple TV Calendar
Submit Scoop
Send us some spoilers!
SpoilerTV Privacy Policy
If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by email at privacy@spoilertv.com.
At www.spoilertv.com, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information is received and collected by www.spoilertv.com and how it is used.
Log Files
Like many other Web sites, www.spoilertv.com makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
Cookie Policy for SpoilerTV
This is the Cookie Policy for SpoilerTV, accessible from www.spoilertv.com
What Are Cookies
As is common practice with almost all professional websites this site uses cookies, which are tiny files that are downloaded to your computer, to improve your experience. This page describes what information they gather, how we use it and why we sometimes need to store these cookies. We will also share how you can prevent these cookies from being stored however this may downgrade or 'break' certain elements of the sites functionality.
For more general information on cookies see the Wikipedia article on HTTP Cookies.
How We Use Cookies
We use cookies for a variety of reasons detailed below. Unfortunately in most cases there are no industry standard options for disabling cookies without completely disabling the functionality and features they add to this site. It is recommended that you leave on all cookies if you are not sure whether you need them or not in case they are used to provide a service that you use.
Disabling Cookies
You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser Help for how to do this). Be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit. Disabling cookies will usually result in also disabling certain functionality and features of the this site. Therefore it is recommended that you do not disable cookies.
The Cookies We Set
Account related cookies
If you create an account with us then we will use cookies for the management of the signup process and general administration. These cookies will usually be deleted when you log out however in some cases they may remain afterwards to remember your site preferences when logged out.
Login related cookies
We use cookies when you are logged in so that we can remember this fact. This prevents you from having to log in every single time you visit a new page. These cookies are typically removed or cleared when you log out to ensure that you can only access restricted features and areas when logged in.
Email newsletters related cookies
This site offers newsletter or email subscription services and cookies may be used to remember if you are already registered and whether to show certain notifications which might only be valid to subscribed/unsubscribed users.
Site preferences cookies
In order to provide you with a great experience on this site we provide the functionality to set your preferences for how this site runs when you use it. In order to remember your preferences we need to set cookies so that this information can be called whenever you interact with a page is affected by your preferences.
Third Party Cookies
In some special cases we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties. The following section details which third party cookies you might encounter through this site.
This site uses Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solution on the web for helping us to understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content.
For more information on Google Analytics cookies, see the official Google Analytics page.
From time to time we test new features and make subtle changes to the way that the site is delivered. When we are still testing new features these cookies may be used to ensure that you receive a consistent experience whilst on the site whilst ensuring we understand which optimisations our users appreciate the most.
The Google AdSense service we use to serve advertising uses a DoubleClick cookie to serve more relevant ads across the web and limit the number of times that a given ad is shown to you.
For more information on Google AdSense see the official Google AdSense privacy FAQ.
We use adverts to offset the costs of running this site and provide funding for further development. The behavioural advertising cookies used by this site are designed to ensure that we provide you with the most relevant adverts where possible by anonymously tracking your interests and presenting similar things that may be of interest.
Several partners advertise on our behalf and affiliate tracking cookies simply allow us to see if our customers have come to the site through one of our partner sites so that we can credit them appropriately and where applicable allow our affiliate partners to provide any bonus that they may provide you for making a purchase.
We also use social media buttons and/or plugins on this site that allow you to connect with your social network in various ways. For these to work the following social media sites including; {List the social networks whose features you have integrated with your site?:12}, will set cookies through our site which may be used to enhance your profile on their site or contribute to the data they hold for various purposes outlined in their respective privacy policies.
More Information
Hopefully that has clarified things for you and as was previously mentioned if there is something that you aren't sure whether you need or not it's usually safer to leave cookies enabled in case it does interact with one of the features you use on our site. This Cookies Policy was created with the help of the CookiePolicyGenerator.com
However if you are still looking for more information then you can contact us through one of our preferred contact methods:
Email: privacy@spoilertv.com
By visiting this link: https://www.spoilertv.com/p/privacy-policy.html
GDPR Specific Privacy Policy
We are very delighted that you have shown interest in our enterprise. Data protection is of a particularly high priority for the management of
SpoilerTV. The use of the Internet pages of SpoilerTV is possible without any indication of personal data; however, if a data subject wants to use special enterprise services via our website, processing of personal data could become necessary. If the processing of personal data is necessary and there is no statutory basis for such processing, we generally obtain consent from the data subject.
The processing of personal data, such as the name, address, e-mail address, or telephone number of a data subject shall always be in line with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), and in accordance with the country-specific data protection regulations applicable to SpoilerTV. By means of this data protection declaration, our enterprise would like to inform the general public of the nature, scope, and purpose of the personal data we collect, use and process. Furthermore, data subjects are informed, by means of this data protection declaration, of the rights to which they are entitled.
As the controller, SpoilerTV has implemented numerous technical and organizational measures to ensure the most complete protection of personal data processed through this website. However, Internet-based data transmissions may in principle have security gaps, so absolute protection may not be guaranteed. For this reason, every data subject is free to transfer personal data to us via alternative means, e.g. by telephone.
1. Definitions
The data protection declaration of SpoilerTV is based on the terms used by the European legislator for the adoption of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Our data protection declaration should be legible and understandable for the general public, as well as our customers and business partners. To ensure this, we would like to first explain the terminology used.
In this data protection declaration, we use, inter alia, the following terms:
a)    Personal data
Personal data means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (“data subject”). An identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.
b) Data subject
Data subject is any identified or identifiable natural person, whose personal data is processed by the controller responsible for the processing.
c)    Processing
Processing is any operation or set of operations which is performed on personal data or on sets of personal data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction.
d)    Restriction of processing
Restriction of processing is the marking of stored personal data with the aim of limiting their processing in the future.
e)    Profiling
Profiling means any form of automated processing of personal data consisting of the use of personal data to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to a natural person, in particular to analyse or predict aspects concerning that natural person's performance at work, economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behaviour, location or movements.
f)     Pseudonymisation
Pseudonymisation is the processing of personal data in such a manner that the personal data can no longer be attributed to a specific data subject without the use of additional information, provided that such additional information is kept separately and is subject to technical and organisational measures to ensure that the personal data are not attributed to an identified or identifiable natural person.
g)    Controller or controller responsible for the processing
Controller or controller responsible for the processing is the natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data; where the purposes and means of such processing are determined by Union or Member State law, the controller or the specific criteria for its nomination may be provided for by Union or Member State law.
h)    Processor
Processor is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes personal data on behalf of the controller.
i)      Recipient
Recipient is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or another body, to which the personal data are disclosed, whether a third party or not. However, public authorities which may receive personal data in the framework of a particular inquiry in accordance with Union or Member State law shall not be regarded as recipients; the processing of those data by those public authorities shall be in compliance with the applicable data protection rules according to the purposes of the processing.
j)      Third party
Third party is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or body other than the data subject, controller, processor and persons who, under the direct authority of the controller or processor, are authorised to process personal data.
k)    Consent
Consent of the data subject is any freely given, specific, informed and unambiguous indication of the data subject's wishes by which he or she, by a statement or by a clear affirmative action, signifies agreement to the processing of personal data relating to him or her.
2. Name and Address of the controller
Controller for the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), other data protection laws applicable in Member states of the European Union and other provisions related to data protection is:
SpoilerTV
9 Summers Street
PL22 0DH Lostwithiel
Cornwall
Email: andy@spoilertv.com
Website: www.spoilertv.com
3. Name and Address of the Data Protection Officer
The Data Protection Officer of the controller is:
Andy Page
SpoilerTV
9 Summers Street
PL22 0DH Lostwithiel
England
Email: andy@spoilertv.com
Website: www.spoilertv.com
Any data subject may, at any time, contact our Data Protection Officer directly with all questions and suggestions concerning data protection.
4. Cookies
The Internet pages of SpoilerTV use cookies. Cookies are text files that are stored in a computer system via an Internet browser.
Many Internet sites and servers use cookies. Many cookies contain a so-called cookie ID. A cookie ID is a unique identifier of the cookie. It consists of a character string through which Internet pages and servers can be assigned to the specific Internet browser in which the cookie was stored. This allows visited Internet sites and servers to differentiate the individual browser of the dats subject from other Internet browsers that contain other cookies. A specific Internet browser can be recognized and identified using the unique cookie ID.
Through the use of cookies, SpoilerTV can provide the users of this website with more user-friendly services that would not be possible without the cookie setting.
By means of a cookie, the information and offers on our website can be optimized with the user in mind. Cookies allow us, as previously mentioned, to recognize our website users. The purpose of this recognition is to make it easier for users to utilize our website. The website user that uses cookies, e.g. does not have to enter access data each time the website is accessed, because this is taken over by the website, and the cookie is thus stored on the user's computer system. Another example is the cookie of a shopping cart in an online shop. The online store remembers the articles that a customer has placed in the virtual shopping cart via a cookie.
The data subject may, at any time, prevent the setting of cookies through our website by means of a corresponding setting of the Internet browser used, and may thus permanently deny the setting of cookies. Furthermore, already set cookies may be deleted at any time via an Internet browser or other software programs. This is possible in all popular Internet browsers. If the data subject deactivates the setting of cookies in the Internet browser used, not all functions of our website may be entirely usable.
5. Collection of general data and information
The website of SpoilerTV collects a series of general data and information when a data subject or automated system calls up the website. This general data and information are stored in the server log files. Collected may be (1) the browser types and versions used, (2) the operating system used by the accessing system, (3) the website from which an accessing system reaches our website (so-called referrers), (4) the sub-websites, (5) the date and time of access to the Internet site, (6) an Internet protocol address (IP address), (7) the Internet service provider of the accessing system, and (8) any other similar data and information that may be used in the event of attacks on our information technology systems.
When using these general data and information, SpoilerTV does not draw any conclusions about the data subject. Rather, this information is needed to (1) deliver the content of our website correctly, (2) optimize the content of our website as well as its advertisement, (3) ensure the long-term viability of our information technology systems and website technology, and (4) provide law enforcement authorities with the information necessary for criminal prosecution in case of a cyber-attack. Therefore, SpoilerTV analyzes anonymously collected data and information statistically, with the aim of increasing the data protection and data security of our enterprise, and to ensure an optimal level of protection for the personal data we process. The anonymous data of the server log files are stored separately from all personal data provided by a data subject.
6. Comments function in the blog on the website
SpoilerTV offers users the possibility to leave individual comments on individual blog contributions on a blog, which is on the website of the controller. A blog is a web-based, publicly-accessible portal, through which one or more people called bloggers or web-bloggers may post articles or write down thoughts in so-called blogposts. Blogposts may usually be commented by third parties.
If a data subject leaves a comment on the blog published on this website, the comments made by the data subject are also stored and published, as well as information on the date of the commentary and on the user's (pseudonym) chosen by the data subject. In addition, the IP address assigned by the Internet service provider (ISP) to the data subject is also logged.
The comments on SpoilerTV are run and maintained by the 3rd Party Company called Disqus. They can be contacted at https://www.disqus.com/
7. Subscription to comments in the blog on the website
The comments made in the blog of SpoilerTV may be subscribed to by third parties. In particular, there is the possibility that a commenter subscribes to the comments following his comments on a particular blog post.
If a data subject decides to subscribe to the option, the controller will send an automatic confirmation e-mail to check the double opt-in procedure as to whether the owner of the specified e-mail address decided in favor of this option. The option to subscribe to comments may be terminated at any time.
The Email system is maintained by 3rd Party System called Followistic. They can be contacted here https://followistic.com/
8. Routine erasure and blocking of personal data
The data controller shall process and store the personal data of the data subject only for the period necessary to achieve the purpose of storage, or as far as this is granted by the European legislator or other legislators in laws or regulations to which the controller is subject to.
If the storage purpose is not applicable, or if a storage period prescribed by the European legislator or another competent legislator expires, the personal data are routinely blocked or erased in accordance with legal requirements.
9. Rights of the data subject
a) Right of confirmation
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller the confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning him or her are being processed. If a data subject wishes to avail himself of this right of confirmation, he or she may, at any time, contact any employee of the controller.
b) Right of access
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller free information about his or her personal data stored at any time and a copy of this information. Furthermore, the European directives and regulations grant the data subject access to the following information:
the purposes of the processing;
the categories of personal data concerned;
the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the personal data have been or will be disclosed, in particular recipients in third countries or international organisations;
where possible, the envisaged period for which the personal data will be stored, or, if not possible, the criteria used to determine that period;
the existence of the right to request from the controller rectification or erasure of personal data, or restriction of processing of personal data concerning the data subject, or to object to such processing;
the existence of the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority;
where the personal data are not collected from the data subject, any available information as to their source;
the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling, referred to in Article 22(1) and (4) of the GDPR and, at least in those cases, meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as the significance and envisaged consequences of such processing for the data subject.
Furthermore, the data subject shall have a right to obtain information as to whether personal data are transferred to a third country or to an international organisation. Where this is the case, the data subject shall have the right to be informed of the appropriate safeguards relating to the transfer.
If a data subject wishes to avail himself of this right of access, he or she may, at any time, contact any employee of the controller.
c) Right to rectification
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller without undue delay the rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning him or her. Taking into account the purposes of the processing, the data subject shall have the right to have incomplete personal data completed, including by means of providing a supplementary statement.
If a data subject wishes to exercise this right to rectification, he or she may, at any time, contact any employee of the controller.
d) Right to erasure (Right to be forgotten)
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller the erasure of personal data concerning him or her without undue delay, and the controller shall have the obligation to erase personal data without undue delay where one of the following grounds applies, as long as the processing is not necessary:
The personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed.
The data subject withdraws consent to which the processing is based according to point (a) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR, or point (a) of Article 9(2) of the GDPR, and where there is no other legal ground for the processing.
The data subject objects to the processing pursuant to Article 21(1) of the GDPR and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing, or the data subject objects to the processing pursuant to Article 21(2) of the GDPR.
The personal data have been unlawfully processed.
The personal data must be erased for compliance with a legal obligation in Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject.
The personal data have been collected in relation to the offer of information society services referred to in Article 8(1) of the GDPR.
If one of the aforementioned reasons applies, and a data subject wishes to request the erasure of personal data stored by SpoilerTV, he or she may, at any time, contact any employee of the controller. An employee of SpoilerTV shall promptly ensure that the erasure request is complied with immediately.
Where the controller has made personal data public and is obliged pursuant to Article 17(1) to erase the personal data, the controller, taking account of available technology and the cost of implementation, shall take reasonable steps, including technical measures, to inform other controllers processing the personal data that the data subject has requested erasure by such controllers of any links to, or copy or replication of, those personal data, as far as processing is not required. An employees of SpoilerTV will arrange the necessary measures in individual cases.
e) Right of restriction of processing
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller restriction of processing where one of the following applies:
The accuracy of the personal data is contested by the data subject, for a period enabling the controller to verify the accuracy of the personal data.
The processing is unlawful and the data subject opposes the erasure of the personal data and requests instead the restriction of their use instead.
The controller no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of the processing, but they are required by the data subject for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
The data subject has objected to processing pursuant to Article 21(1) of the GDPR pending the verification whether the legitimate grounds of the controller override those of the data subject.
If one of the aforementioned conditions is met, and a data subject wishes to request the restriction of the processing of personal data stored by SpoilerTV, he or she may at any time contact any employee of the controller. The employee of SpoilerTV will arrange the restriction of the processing.
f) Right to data portability
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator, to receive the personal data concerning him or her, which was provided to a controller, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. He or she shall have the right to transmit those data to another controller without hindrance from the controller to which the personal data have been provided, as long as the processing is based on consent pursuant to point (a) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR or point (a) of Article 9(2) of the GDPR, or on a contract pursuant to point (b) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR, and the processing is carried out by automated means, as long as the processing is not necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller.
Furthermore, in exercising his or her right to data portability pursuant to Article 20(1) of the GDPR, the data subject shall have the right to have personal data transmitted directly from one controller to another, where technically feasible and when doing so does not adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
In order to assert the right to data portability, the data subject may at any time contact any employee of SpoilerTV.
g) Right to object
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to object, on grounds relating to his or her particular situation, at any time, to processing of personal data concerning him or her, which is based on point (e) or (f) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR. This also applies to profiling based on these provisions.
SpoilerTV shall no longer process the personal data in the event of the objection, unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override the interests, rights and freedoms of the data subject, or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
If SpoilerTV processes personal data for direct marketing purposes, the data subject shall have the right to object at any time to processing of personal data concerning him or her for such marketing. This applies to profiling to the extent that it is related to such direct marketing. If the data subject objects to SpoilerTV to the processing for direct marketing purposes, SpoilerTV will no longer process the personal data for these purposes.
In addition, the data subject has the right, on grounds relating to his or her particular situation, to object to processing of personal data concerning him or her by SpoilerTV for scientific or historical research purposes, or for statistical purposes pursuant to Article 89(1) of the GDPR, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.
In order to exercise the right to object, the data subject may contact any employee of SpoilerTV. In addition, the data subject is free in the context of the use of information society services, and notwithstanding Directive 2002/58/EC, to use his or her right to object by automated means using technical specifications.
h) Automated individual decision-making, including profiling
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects concerning him or her, or similarly significantly affects him or her, as long as the decision (1) is not is necessary for entering into, or the performance of, a contract between the data subject and a data controller, or (2) is not authorised by Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject and which also lays down suitable measures to safeguard the data subject's rights and freedoms and legitimate interests, or (3) is not based on the data subject's explicit consent.
If the decision (1) is necessary for entering into, or the performance of, a contract between the data subject and a data controller, or (2) it is based on the data subject's explicit consent, SpoilerTV shall implement suitable measures to safeguard the data subject's rights and freedoms and legitimate interests, at least the right to obtain human intervention on the part of the controller, to express his or her point of view and contest the decision.
If the data subject wishes to exercise the rights concerning automated individual decision-making, he or she may, at any time, contact any employee of SpoilerTV.
i) Right to withdraw data protection consent
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to withdraw his or her consent to processing of his or her personal data at any time.
If the data subject wishes to exercise the right to withdraw the consent, he or she may, at any time, contact any employee of SpoilerTV.
10. Data protection provisions about the application and use of Facebook
On this website, the controller has integrated components of the enterprise Facebook. Facebook is a social network.
A social network is a place for social meetings on the Internet, an online community, which usually allows users to communicate with each other and interact in a virtual space. A social network may serve as a platform for the exchange of opinions and experiences, or enable the Internet community to provide personal or business-related information. Facebook allows social network users to include the creation of private profiles, upload photos, and network through friend requests.
The operating company of Facebook is Facebook, Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, United States. If a person lives outside of the United States or Canada, the controller is the Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland.
With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Internet website, which is operated by the controller and into which a Facebook component (Facebook plug-ins) was integrated, the web browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically prompted to download display of the corresponding Facebook component from Facebook through the Facebook component. An overview of all the Facebook Plug-ins may be accessed under https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/. During the course of this technical procedure, Facebook is made aware of what specific sub-site of our website was visited by the data subject.
If the data subject is logged in at the same time on Facebook, Facebook detects with every call-up to our website by the data subject—and for the entire duration of their stay on our Internet site—which specific sub-site of our Internet page was visited by the data subject. This information is collected through the Facebook component and associated with the respective Facebook account of the data subject. If the data subject clicks on one of the Facebook buttons integrated into our website, e.g. the "Like" button, or if the data subject submits a comment, then Facebook matches this information with the personal Facebook user account of the data subject and stores the personal data.
Facebook always receives, through the Facebook component, information about a visit to our website by the data subject, whenever the data subject is logged in at the same time on Facebook during the time of the call-up to our website. This occurs regardless of whether the data subject clicks on the Facebook component or not. If such a transmission of information to Facebook is not desirable for the data subject, then he or she may prevent this by logging off from their Facebook account before a call-up to our website is made.
The data protection guideline published by Facebook, which is available at https://facebook.com/about/privacy/, provides information about the collection, processing and use of personal data by Facebook. In addition, it is explained there what setting options Facebook offers to protect the privacy of the data subject. In addition, different configuration options are made available to allow the elimination of data transmission to Facebook. These applications may be used by the data subject to eliminate a data transmission to Facebook.
11. Data protection provisions about the application and use of Google AdSense
On this website, the controller has integrated Google AdSense. Google AdSense is an online service which allows the placement of advertising on third-party sites. Google AdSense is based on an algorithm that selects advertisements displayed on third-party sites to match with the content of the respective third-party site. Google AdSense allows an interest-based targeting of the Internet user, which is implemented by means of generating individual user profiles.
The operating company of Google's AdSense component is Alphabet Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, United States.
The purpose of Google's AdSense component is the integration of advertisements on our website. Google AdSense places a cookie on the information technology system of the data subject. The definition of cookies is explained above. With the setting of the cookie, Alphabet Inc. is enabled to analyze the use of our website. With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Internet site, which is operated by the controller and into which a Google AdSense component is integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject will automatically submit data through the Google AdSense component for the purpose of online advertising and the settlement of commissions to Alphabet Inc. During the course of this technical procedure, the enterprise Alphabet Inc. gains knowledge of personal data, such as the IP address of the data subject, which serves Alphabet Inc., inter alia, to understand the origin of visitors and clicks and subsequently create commission settlements.
The data subject may, as stated above, prevent the setting of cookies through our website at any time by means of a corresponding adjustment of the web browser used and thus permanently deny the setting of cookies. Such an adjustment to the Internet browser used would also prevent Alphabet Inc. from setting a cookie on the information technology system of the data subject. Additionally, cookies already in use by Alphabet Inc. may be deleted at any time via a web browser or other software programs.
Furthermore, Google AdSense also uses so-called tracking pixels. A tracking pixel is a miniature graphic that is embedded in web pages to enable a log file recording and a log file analysis through which a statistical analysis may be performed. Based on the embedded tracking pixels, Alphabet Inc. is able to determine if and when a website was opened by a data subject, and which links were clicked on by the data subject. Tracking pixels serve, inter alia, to analyze the flow of visitors on a website.
Through Google AdSense, personal data and information—which also includes the IP address, and is necessary for the collection and accounting of the displayed advertisements—is transmitted to Alphabet Inc. in the United States of America. These personal data will be stored and processed in the United States of America. The Alphabet Inc. may disclose the collected personal data through this technical procedure to third parties.
Google AdSense is further explained under the following link https://www.google.com/intl/en/adsense/start/.
12. Data protection provisions about the application and use of Google Analytics (with anonymization function)
On this website, the controller has integrated the component of Google Analytics (with the anonymizer function). Google Analytics is a web analytics service. Web analytics is the collection, gathering, and analysis of data about the behavior of visitors to websites. A web analysis service collects, inter alia, data about the website from which a person has come (the so-called referrer), which sub-pages were visited, or how often and for what duration a sub-page was viewed. Web analytics are mainly used for the optimization of a website and in order to carry out a cost-benefit analysis of Internet advertising.
The operator of the Google Analytics component is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, United States.
For the web analytics through Google Analytics the controller uses the application "_gat. _anonymizeIp". By means of this application the IP address of the Internet connection of the data subject is abridged by Google and anonymised when accessing our websites from a Member State of the European Union or another Contracting State to the Agreement on the European Economic Area.
The purpose of the Google Analytics component is to analyze the traffic on our website. Google uses the collected data and information, inter alia, to evaluate the use of our website and to provide online reports, which show the activities on our websites, and to provide other services concerning the use of our Internet site for us.
Google Analytics places a cookie on the information technology system of the data subject. The definition of cookies is explained above. With the setting of the cookie, Google is enabled to analyze the use of our website. With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Internet site, which is operated by the controller and into which a Google Analytics component was integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject will automatically submit data through the Google Analytics component for the purpose of online advertising and the settlement of commissions to Google. During the course of this technical procedure, the enterprise Google gains knowledge of personal information, such as the IP address of the data subject, which serves Google, inter alia, to understand the origin of visitors and clicks, and subsequently create commission settlements.
The cookie is used to store personal information, such as the access time, the location from which the access was made, and the frequency of visits of our website by the data subject. With each visit to our Internet site, such personal data, including the IP address of the Internet access used by the data subject, will be transmitted to Google in the United States of America. These personal data are stored by Google in the United States of America. Google may pass these personal data collected through the technical procedure to third parties.
The data subject may, as stated above, prevent the setting of cookies through our website at any time by means of a corresponding adjustment of the web browser used and thus permanently deny the setting of cookies. Such an adjustment to the Internet browser used would also prevent Google Analytics from setting a cookie on the information technology system of the data subject. In addition, cookies already in use by Google Analytics may be deleted at any time via a web browser or other software programs.
In addition, the data subject has the possibility of objecting to a collection of data that are generated by Google Analytics, which is related to the use of this website, as well as the processing of this data by Google and the chance to preclude any such. For this purpose, the data subject must download a browser add-on under the link https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout and install it. This browser add-on tells Google Analytics through a JavaScript, that any data and information about the visits of Internet pages may not be transmitted to Google Analytics. The installation of the browser add-ons is considered an objection by Google. If the information technology system of the data subject is later deleted, formatted, or newly installed, then the data subject must reinstall the browser add-ons to disable Google Analytics. If the browser add-on was uninstalled by the data subject or any other person who is attributable to their sphere of competence, or is disabled, it is possible to execute the reinstallation or reactivation of the browser add-ons.
Further information and the applicable data protection provisions of Google may be retrieved under https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/ and under http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html. Google Analytics is further explained under the following Link https://www.google.com/analytics/.
13. Data protection provisions about the application and use of Google+
On this website, the controller has integrated the Google+ button as a component. Google+ is a so-called social network. A social network is a social meeting place on the Internet, an online community, which usually allows users to communicate with each other and interact in a virtual space. A social network may serve as a platform for the exchange of opinions and experiences, or enable the Internet community to provide personal or business-related information. Google+ allows users of the social network to include the creation of private profiles, upload photos and network through friend requests.
The operating company of Google+ is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, UNITED STATES.
With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this website, which is operated by the controller and on which a Google+ button has been integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject automatically downloads a display of the corresponding Google+ button of Google through the respective Google+ button component. During the course of this technical procedure, Google is made aware of what specific sub-page of our website was visited by the data subject. More detailed information about Google+ is available under https://developers.google.com/+/.
If the data subject is logged in at the same time to Google+, Google recognizes with each call-up to our website by the data subject and for the entire duration of his or her stay on our Internet site, which specific sub-pages of our Internet page were visited by the data subject. This information is collected through the Google+ button and Google matches this with the respective Google+ account associated with the data subject.
If the data subject clicks on the Google+ button integrated on our website and thus gives a Google+ 1 recommendation, then Google assigns this information to the personal Google+ user account of the data subject and stores the personal data. Google stores the Google+ 1 recommendation of the data subject, making it publicly available in accordance with the terms and conditions accepted by the data subject in this regard. Subsequently, a Google+ 1 recommendation given by the data subject on this website together with other personal data, such as the Google+ account name used by the data subject and the stored photo, is stored and processed on other Google services, such as search-engine results of the Google search engine, the Google account of the data subject or in other places, e.g. on Internet pages, or in relation to advertisements. Google is also able to link the visit to this website with other personal data stored on Google. Google further records this personal information with the purpose of improving or optimizing the various Google services.
Through the Google+ button, Google receives information that the data subject visited our website, if the data subject at the time of the call-up to our website is logged in to Google+. This occurs regardless of whether the data subject clicks or doesn’t click on the Google+ button.
If the data subject does not wish to transmit personal data to Google, he or she may prevent such transmission by logging out of his Google+ account before calling up our website.
Further information and the data protection provisions of Google may be retrieved under https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/. More references from Google about the Google+ 1 button may be obtained under https://developers.google.com/+/web/buttons-policy.
14. Data protection provisions about the application and use of Instagram
On this website, the controller has integrated components of the service Instagram. Instagram is a service that may be qualified as an audiovisual platform, which allows users to share photos and videos, as well as disseminate such data in other social networks.
The operating company of the services offered by Instagram is Instagram LLC, 1 Hacker Way, Building 14 First Floor, Menlo Park, CA, UNITED STATES.
With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Internet site, which is operated by the controller and on which an Instagram component (Insta button) was integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically prompted to the download of a display of the corresponding Instagram component of Instagram. During the course of this technical procedure, Instagram becomes aware of what specific sub-page of our website was visited by the data subject.
If the data subject is logged in at the same time on Instagram, Instagram detects with every call-up to our website by the data subject—and for the entire duration of their stay on our Internet site—which specific sub-page of our Internet page was visited by the data subject. This information is collected through the Instagram component and is associated with the respective Instagram account of the data subject. If the data subject clicks on one of the Instagram buttons integrated on our website, then Instagram matches this information with the personal Instagram user account of the data subject and stores the personal data.
Instagram receives information via the Instagram component that the data subject has visited our website provided that the data subject is logged in at Instagram at the time of the call to our website. This occurs regardless of whether the person clicks on the Instagram button or not. If such a transmission of information to Instagram is not desirable for the data subject, then he or she can prevent this by logging off from their Instagram account before a call-up to our website is made.
Further information and the applicable data protection provisions of Instagram may be retrieved under https://help.instagram.com/155833707900388 and https://www.instagram.com/about/legal/privacy/.
15. Data protection provisions about the application and use of LinkedIn
The controller has integrated components of the LinkedIn Corporation on this website. LinkedIn is a web-based social network that enables users with existing business contacts to connect and to make new business contacts. Over 400 million registered people in more than 200 countries use LinkedIn. Thus, LinkedIn is currently the largest platform for business contacts and one of the most visited websites in the world.
The operating company of LinkedIn is LinkedIn Corporation, 2029 Stierlin Court Mountain View, CA 94043, UNITED STATES. For privacy matters outside of the UNITED STATES LinkedIn Ireland, Privacy Policy Issues, Wilton Plaza, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland, is responsible.
With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Internet site, which is operated by the controller and on which a LinkedIn component (LinkedIn plug-in) was integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically prompted to the download of a display of the corresponding LinkedIn component of LinkedIn. Further information about the LinkedIn plug-in may be accessed under https://developer.linkedin.com/plugins. During the course of this technical procedure, LinkedIn gains knowledge of what specific sub-page of our website was visited by the data subject.
If the data subject is logged in at the same time on LinkedIn, LinkedIn detects with every call-up to our website by the data subject—and for the entire duration of their stay on our Internet site—which specific sub-page of our Internet page was visited by the data subject. This information is collected through the LinkedIn component and associated with the respective LinkedIn account of the data subject. If the data subject clicks on one of the LinkedIn buttons integrated on our website, then LinkedIn assigns this information to the personal LinkedIn user account of the data subject and stores the personal data.
LinkedIn receives information via the LinkedIn component that the data subject has visited our website, provided that the data subject is logged in at LinkedIn at the time of the call-up to our website. This occurs regardless of whether the person clicks on the LinkedIn button or not. If such a transmission of information to LinkedIn is not desirable for the data subject, then he or she may prevent this by logging off from their LinkedIn account before a call-up to our website is made.
LinkedIn provides under https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls the possibility to unsubscribe from e-mail messages, SMS messages and targeted ads, as well as the ability to manage ad settings. LinkedIn also uses affiliates such as Eire, Google Analytics, BlueKai, DoubleClick, Nielsen, Comscore, Eloqua, and Lotame. The setting of such cookies may be denied under https://www.linkedin.com/legal/cookie-policy. The applicable privacy policy for LinkedIn is available under https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy. The LinkedIn Cookie Policy is available under https://www.linkedin.com/legal/cookie-policy.
16. Data protection provisions about the application and use of Pinterest
On this website, the controller has integrated components of Pinterest Inc. Pinterest is a so-called social network. A social network is an Internet social meeting place, an online community that allows users to communicate and interact with each other in a virtual space. A social network may serve as a platform for the exchange of opinions and experiences, or allow the Internet community to provide personal or company-related information. Pinterest enables the users of the social network to publish, inter alia, picture collections and individual pictures as well as descriptions on virtual pinboards (so-called pins), which can then be shared by other user's (so-called re-pins) or commented on.
The operating company of Pinterest is Pinterest Inc., 808 Brannan Street, San Francisco, CA 94103, UNITED STATES.
With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Internet site, which is operated by the controller and on which a Pinterest component (Pinterest plug-in) was integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject automatically prompted to download through the respective Pinterest component a display of the corresponding Pinterest component. Further information on Pinterest is available under https://pinterest.com/. During the course of this technical procedure, Pinterest gains knowledge of what specific sub-page of our website is visited by the data subject.
If the data subject is logged in at the same time on Pinterest, Pinterest detects with every call-up to our website by the data subject—and for the entire duration of their stay on our Internet site—which specific sub-page of our Internet page was visited by the data subject. This information is collected through the Pinterest component and associated with the respective Pinterest account of the data subject. If the data subject clicks on one of the Pinterest buttons, integrated on our website, then Pinterest assigns this information to the personal Pinterest user account of the data subject and stores the personal data.
Pinterest receives information via the Pinterest component that the data subject has visited our website, provided that the data subject is logged in at Pinterest at the time of the call-up to our website. This occurs regardless of whether the person clicks on the Pinterest component or not. If such a transmission of information to Pinterest is not desirable for the data subject, then he or she may prevent this by logging off from their Pinterest account before a call-up to our website is made.
The data protection guideline published by Pinterest, which is available under https://about.pinterest.com/privacy-policy, provides information on the collection, processing and use of personal data by Pinterest.
17. Data protection provisions about the application and use of Tumblr
On this website, the controller has integrated components of Tumblr. Tumblr is a platform that allows users to create and run a blog. A blog is a web-based, generally publicly-accessible portal on which one or more people called bloggers or web bloggers may post articles or write down thoughts in so-called blogposts. For example, in a Tumblr blog the user can publish text, images, links, and videos, and spread them in the digital space. Furthermore, Tumblr users may import content from other websites into their own blog.
The operating company of Tumblr is Tumblr, Inc., 35 East 21st St, Ground Floor, New York, NY 10010, UNITED STATES.
Through each call to one of the individual pages of this Internet site, which is operated by the controller and on which a Tumblr component (Tumblr button) has been integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject causes automatically the download of a display of the corresponding Tumblr component of Tumblr. Learn more about the Tumblr-buttons that are available under https://www.tumblr.com/buttons. During the course of this technical procedure, Tumblr becomes aware of what concrete sub-page of our website was visited by the data subject. The purpose of the integration of the Tumblr component is a retransmission of the contents of this website to allow our users to introduce this web page to the digital world and to increase our visitor numbers.
If the data subject is logged in at Tumblr, Tumblr detects with every call-up to our website by the data subject—and for the entire duration of their stay on our Internet site—which specific sub-page of our Internet page was visited by the data subject. This information is collected through the Tumblr component and associated with the respective Tumblr account of the data subject. If the data subject clicks on one of the Tumblr buttons, integrated on our website, then Tumblr assigns this information to the personal Tumblr user account of the data subject and stores the personal data.
Tumblr receives information via the Tumblr component that the data subject has visited our website, provided that the data subject is logged in at Tumblr at the time of the call-up to our website. This occurs regardless of whether the person clicks on the Tumblr component or not. If such a transfer of information to Tumblr is not desirable for the data subject, then he or she may prevent this by logging off from their Tumblr account before a call-up to our website is made.
The applicable data protection provisions of Tumblr may be accessed under https://www.tumblr.com/policy/en/privacy.
18. Data protection provisions about the application and use of Twitter
On this website, the controller has integrated components of Twitter. Twitter is a multilingual, publicly-accessible microblogging service on which users may publish and spread so-called ‘tweets,’ e.g. short messages, which are limited to 140 characters. These short messages are available for everyone, including those who are not logged on to Twitter. The tweets are also displayed to so-called followers of the respective user. Followers are other Twitter users who follow a user's tweets. Furthermore, Twitter allows you to address a wide audience via hashtags, links or retweets.
The operating company of Twitter is Twitter, Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, UNITED STATES.
With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Internet site, which is operated by the controller and on which a Twitter component (Twitter button) was integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically prompted to download a display of the corresponding Twitter component of Twitter. Further information about the Twitter buttons is available under https://about.twitter.com/de/resources/buttons. During the course of this technical procedure, Twitter gains knowledge of what specific sub-page of our website was visited by the data subject. The purpose of the integration of the Twitter component is a retransmission of the contents of this website to allow our users to introduce this web page to the digital world and increase our visitor numbers.
If the data subject is logged in at the same time on Twitter, Twitter detects with every call-up to our website by the data subject and for the entire duration of their stay on our Internet site which specific sub-page of our Internet page was visited by the data subject. This information is collected through the Twitter component and associated with the respective Twitter account of the data subject. If the data subject clicks on one of the Twitter buttons integrated on our website, then Twitter assigns this information to the personal Twitter user account of the data subject and stores the personal data.
Twitter receives information via the Twitter component that the data subject has visited our website, provided that the data subject is logged in on Twitter at the time of the call-up to our website. This occurs regardless of whether the person clicks on the Twitter component or not. If such a transmission of information to Twitter is not desirable for the data subject, then he or she may prevent this by logging off from their Twitter account before a call-up to our website is made.
The applicable data protection provisions of Twitter may be accessed under https://twitter.com/privacy?lang=en.
19. Data protection provisions about the application and use of YouTube
On this website, the controller has integrated components of YouTube. YouTube is an Internet video portal that enables video publishers to set video clips and other users free of charge, which also provides free viewing, review and commenting on them. YouTube allows you to publish all kinds of videos, so you can access both full movies and TV broadcasts, as well as music videos, trailers, and videos made by users via the Internet portal.
The operating company of YouTube is YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, UNITED STATES. The YouTube, LLC is a subsidiary of Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, UNITED STATES.
With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Internet site, which is operated by the controller and on which a YouTube component (YouTube video) was integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically prompted to download a display of the corresponding YouTube component. Further information about YouTube may be obtained under https://www.youtube.com/yt/about/en/. During the course of this technical procedure, YouTube and Google gain knowledge of what specific sub-page of our website was visited by the data subject.
If the data subject is logged in on YouTube, YouTube recognizes with each call-up to a sub-page that contains a YouTube video, which specific sub-page of our Internet site was visited by the data subject. This information is collected by YouTube and Google and assigned to the respective YouTube account of the data subject.
YouTube and Google will receive information through the YouTube component that the data subject has visited our website, if the data subject at the time of the call to our website is logged in on YouTube; this occurs regardless of whether the person clicks on a YouTube video or not. If such a transmission of this information to YouTube and Google is not desirable for the data subject, the delivery may be prevented if the data subject logs off from their own YouTube account before a call-up to our website is made.
YouTube's data protection provisions, available at https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/, provide information about the collection, processing and use of personal data by YouTube and Google.
20. Legal basis for the processing
Art. 6(1) lit. a GDPR serves as the legal basis for processing operations for which we obtain consent for a specific processing purpose. If the processing of personal data is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is party, as is the case, for example, when processing operations are necessary for the supply of goods or to provide any other service, the processing is based on Article 6(1) lit. b GDPR. The same applies to such processing operations which are necessary for carrying out pre-contractual measures, for example in the case of inquiries concerning our products or services. Is our company subject to a legal obligation by which processing of personal data is required, such as for the fulfillment of tax obligations, the processing is based on Art. 6(1) lit. c GDPR.
In rare cases, the processing of personal data may be necessary to protect the vital interests of the data subject or of another natural person. This would be the case, for example, if a visitor were injured in our company and his name, age, health insurance data or other vital information would have to be passed on to a doctor, hospital or other third party. Then the processing would be based on Art. 6(1) lit. d GDPR.
Finally, processing operations could be based on Article 6(1) lit. f GDPR. This legal basis is used for processing operations which are not covered by any of the abovementioned legal grounds, if processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by our company or by a third party, except where such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject which require protection of personal data. Such processing operations are particularly permissible because they have been specifically mentioned by the European legislator. He considered that a legitimate interest could be assumed if the data subject is a client of the controller (Recital 47 Sentence 2 GDPR).
21. The legitimate interests pursued by the controller or by a third party
Where the processing of personal data is based on Article 6(1) lit. f GDPR our legitimate interest is to carry out our business in favor of the well-being of all our employees and the shareholders.
22. Period for which the personal data will be stored
The criteria used to determine the period of storage of personal data is the respective statutory retention period. After expiration of that period, the corresponding data is routinely deleted, as long as it is no longer necessary for the fulfillment of the contract or the initiation of a contract.
23. Provision of personal data as statutory or contractual requirement; Requirement necessary to enter into a contract; Obligation of the data subject to provide the personal data; possible consequences of failure to provide such data
We clarify that the provision of personal data is partly required by law (e.g. tax regulations) or can also result from contractual provisions (e.g. information on the contractual partner).
Sometimes it may be necessary to conclude a contract that the data subject provides us with personal data, which must subsequently be processed by us. The data subject is, for example, obliged to provide us with personal data when our company signs a contract with him or her. The non-provision of the personal data would have the consequence that the contract with the data subject could not be concluded.
Before personal data is provided by the data subject, the data subject must contact any employee. The employee clarifies to the data subject whether the provision of the personal data is required by law or contract or is necessary for the conclusion of the contract, whether there is an obligation to provide the personal data and the consequences of non-provision of the personal data.
24. Existence of automated decision-making
As a responsible company, we do not use automatic decision-making or profiling.
This Privacy Policy has been generated by the Privacy Policy Generator of the External Data Protection Officers that was developed in cooperation with RC GmbH, which sells used notebooks and the Media Law Lawyers from WBS-LAW.
Common ID CookieThis site uses cookies and similar tracking technologies such as the Common ID cookie to provide its services. Cookies are important devices for measuring advertising effectiveness and ensuring a robust online advertising industry. The Common ID cookie stores a unique user id in the first party domain and is accessible to our ad partners. This simple ID that can be utilized to improve user matching, especially for delivering ads to iOS and MacOS browsers. Users can opt out of the Common ID tracking cookie by clicking here.Advertising Privacy SettingsWhen you use our site, pre-selected companies may access and use certain information on your device and about your interests to serve ads or personalized content. You may revisit or change consent-choices at any time by clicking here.
Show Selector
10 After Midnight
(3)
11.22.63
(32)
12 Monkeys
(463)
13 Reasons Why
(62)
2010 Character Cup
(37)
2011 Character Cup
(41)
2012 Series Competition
(43)
2013 Episode Competition
(19)
2013 TV Series Competition
(34)
2014 Character Cup
(22)
2014 Episode Competition
(19)
2014 TV Series Competition
(33)
2015 Character Cup
(17)
2015 Episode Competition
(19)
2015 TV Series Competition
(33)
2016 Character Cup
(16)
2016 Episode Competition
(20)
2016 TV Series Competition
(33)
2017 CC
(14)
2017 Episode Competition
(19)
2017 TV Series Competition
(33)
2018 CC
(15)
2018 Episode Competition
(19)
2018 TV Series Competition
(33)
2019 CC
(14)
2019 Episode Competition
(19)
2019 TV Series Competition
(33)
2020 CC
(15)
2020 Episode Competition
(19)
2020 TV Series Competition
(33)
24 Legacy
(120)
24: Live Another Day
(281)
61st Street
(1)
7 Word Reviews
(127)
911
(376)
911 Lone Star
(90)
9JKL
(80)
a
(1)
A Discovery of Witches
(9)
A League of Their Own
(1)
A Million Little Things
(298)
A Month at the Movies
(16)
A Series of Unfortunate Events
(36)
A Teacher
(22)
A.D.
(94)
A.P. Bio
(111)
AA
(15)
AB
(130)
Abby's
(44)
About A Boy
(237)
Absentia
(11)
AC
(55)
AD
(41)
AE
(25)
After Life
(19)
Aftermath
(44)
AG
(13)
Agent Carter
(403)
Agent X
(53)
Agents of SHIELD
(3137)
AH
(15)
Ahsoka
(1)
AJ
(23)
AJ and the Queen
(10)
AK
(112)
AL
(60)
Alex Inc
(52)
Alexa and Katie
(15)
All American
(250)
All Of Us Are Dead
(2)
All Rise
(141)
Almost Family
(69)
Almost Human
(253)
Alone Together
(62)
Altered Carbon
(34)
AM
(585)
Amazing Stories
(13)
American Crime
(323)
American Crime Story
(162)
American Dad
(579)
American Gods
(139)
American Gothic
(89)
American Horror Stories
(6)
American Horror Story
(1755)
American Housewife
(534)
American Jesus
(1)
American Odyssey
(141)
American Princess
(29)
Americanah
(4)
AN
(95)
Anatomy of a Scandal
(2)
Andor
(1)
Angel from Hell
(73)
Angelyne
(4)
Anger Management
(225)
Angie Tribeca
(35)
Animal Kingdom
(237)
Another Life
(19)
AO
(69)
APB
(83)
Aquarius
(127)
Archer
(317)
Archive 81
(2)
Armor Wars
(1)
Arrested Development
(102)
Arrow
(5021)
AS
(145)
Ash vs Evil Dead
(156)
Atlanta
(96)
Atlantis
(129)
Atypical
(27)
Avenue 5
(31)
Away
(13)
Awkward
(264)
B Positive
(27)
BA
(306)
Baby Daddy
(554)
Ballers
(211)
Banshee
(491)
Barry
(87)
Baskets
(163)
Bates Motel
(600)
Battle Creek
(155)
Battlestar Galactica
(5)
Batwoman
(259)
BD
(8)
Beauty and the Beast
(1413)
Becoming Elizabeth
(2)
Being Human (US)
(395)
Bel-Air
(2)
Beowulf
(11)
Better Call Saul
(412)
Better Things
(120)
Betty
(22)
Between
(15)
Beyond
(78)
BH
(224)
BH90210
(48)
Big Little Lies
(167)
Big Shot
(2)
Big Sky
(38)
Billions
(241)
Bitten
(228)
BK
(29)
BL
(80)
Black Lightning
(432)
Black Mafia Family
(1)
Black Monday
(75)
Black Sails
(265)
Black Summer
(7)
Black-ish
(984)
Blackbird: Lena Horne and America
(1)
Blair
(1)
Bless the Harts
(79)
Bless This Mess
(130)
Blindspot
(962)
Blindspotting
(2)
Blood and Oil
(130)
Blood and Treasure
(63)
Blood and Water
(5)
Blood Drive
(59)
Bloodline
(36)
Blue Bloods
(1534)
Bluff City Law
(61)
Blunt Talk
(33)
BN
(64)
Boardwalk Empire
(537)
Bob Hearts Abishola
(124)
Bob's Burgers
(650)
BoJack Horseman
(38)
Bones
(3509)
Bordertown
(46)
Bosch
(41)
BR
(174)
BrainDead
(85)
Brand New Cherry Flavor
(2)
Brave New World
(14)
Breeders
(33)
Briarpatch
(35)
Bridgerton
(4)
Britannia
(8)
Broadchurch
(41)
Broke
(72)
Brooklyn Nine-Nine
(1358)
BS
(37)
Bull
(539)
BW
(110)
BX
(73)
Cable Guide
(23)
Californication
(447)
Call Me Kat
(5)
Call Your Mother
(6)
Camping
(29)
Canal Plus
(118)
Cancellation Index
(9)
Cancelled Shows
(45837)
Candy
(1)
Carnival Row
(21)
Carol's Second Act
(61)
Carrie Diaries
(322)
Castle
(4228)
Castle Rock
(105)
Casual
(63)
Catch-22
(14)
CB
(4)
CD
(139)
Chambers
(11)
Champions
(55)
Chance
(51)
Channel Zero
(100)
Charmed
(353)
Chasing Life
(334)
Chesapeake Shores
(155)
Chicago Fire
(2132)
Chicago Justice
(99)
Chicago Med
(820)
Chicago PD
(1483)
Childhood's End
(35)
Chilling Adventures of Sabrina
(69)
Chucky
(2)
Citadel
(2)
City on a Hill
(43)
CJ
(349)
CL
(62)
Clarice
(8)
Class
(21)
Claws
(152)
Cloak and Dagger
(131)
Cobra Kai
(6)
Code Black
(386)
College Girls
(1)
Colony
(245)
Comic-Con
(1175)
Community
(1236)
Complications
(54)
Confederate
(6)
Connecting
(22)
Constantine
(255)
Containment
(117)
Continuum
(379)
Conviction
(111)
Cougartown
(643)
Council of Dads
(42)
Counterpart
(116)
Country Comfort
(1)
Covert Affairs
(740)
Cowboy Bebop
(6)
Coyote
(1)
Crashing
(68)
Crazy Ex-Girlfriend
(485)
Creepshow
(10)
Crime Farm
(2)
Criminal Minds
(3157)
Criminal Minds: Beyond Borders
(150)
Crossing Lines
(54)
Crowded
(88)
Cruel Summer
(4)
CS
(59)
CSI Las Vegas
(1147)
CSI: Cyber
(297)
CSI: Vegas
(1)
Curb Your Enthusiasm
(99)
Cursed
(17)
Da Vinci’s Demons
(159)
Dad Stop Embarrassing Me
(2)
Daily Discussion
(1514)
Daisy Jones and The Six
(4)
Dallas
(310)
Damien
(62)
Damnation
(40)
Dangerous Liaisons
(1)
Dare Me
(35)
Daredevil
(224)
Dark Matter
(320)
Dash and Lily
(7)
Dave
(15)
Day of the Dead
(2)
Daybreak
(10)
DC
(196)
DC Super Hero High
(2)
Dead of Summer
(82)
Dead Ringers
(1)
Dead to Me
(41)
Deadly Class
(54)
Dear White People
(33)
Debris
(4)
Deception
(106)
Defending Jacob
(15)
Defiance
(367)
Demimonde
(3)
Deputy
(60)
Designated Survivor
(431)
Devious Maids
(374)
Devs
(25)
Dexter
(2)
DG
(49)
DH
(712)
Dice
(27)
Dickinson
(28)
Dietland
(52)
Dig
(81)
Dirk Gently
(36)
Dirty John
(27)
Disjointed
(17)
Dispatches from Elsewhere
(38)
Divorce
(95)
DL
(111)
DM
(124)
DMZ
(1)
Doctor Who
(1863)
Doll and Em
(15)
Dollface
(11)
Dominion
(220)
Donny!
(11)
Doogie Kamealoha M.D.
(1)
Doom Patrol
(110)
Dopesick
(7)
Doubt
(34)
Downton Abbey
(308)
Downward Dog
(45)
DR
(222)
Dr. Death
(6)
Dr. Ken
(281)
Drop Dead Diva
(101)
DT
(33)
Duncanville
(35)
Duster
(1)
DV
(198)
DVR
(2)
DW
(16)
Dynasty
(423)
Eastbound and Down
(42)
Easy
(10)
EC
(229)
Echo 3
(1)
EH
(61)
EL
(4)
Elementary
(1732)
Elite
(15)
Emerald City
(93)
Emergence
(89)
Emily In Paris
(6)
Empire
(1001)
Episodes
(210)
Escape at Dannemora
(39)
Euphoria
(66)
EV
(6)
Evel
(2)
Events
(60)
Everything's Gonna Be Okay
(22)
Evil
(113)
Extant
(249)
Eyewitness
(78)
Fact or Fiction
(3)
Faking It
(171)
Falling Skies
(620)
Falling Water
(57)
Fallout
(1)
Fam
(76)
Family Guy
(1188)
Famous in Love
(81)
Fans and Fantasy
(16)
Fargo
(423)
Fate: The Winx Saga
(2)
Favourite TV Romantic Couple Competition
(21)
FBI
(302)
FBI: Most Wanted
(104)
Fear The Walking Dead
(540)
Featured
(28)
Feed The Beast
(45)
Feud
(77)
Filthy Rich
(48)
Finals
(307)
Finding Carter
(186)
Firefly Lane
(8)
First Kill
(1)
First Ladies
(1)
Five Days At Memorial
(1)
FL
(25)
Flaked
(10)
Flatbush Misdemeanors
(1)
Flesh and Bone
(33)
For All Mankind
(26)
For Life
(77)
For the People
(146)
Forever
(386)
Forever Amazon
(5)
Fortitude
(30)
Fosse/Verdon
(37)
Foundation
(2)
FR
(9)
Franklin and Bash
(174)
Freakish
(7)
Frequency
(147)
Fresh Off The Boat
(797)
Friends from College
(15)
From Dusk Till Dawn
(56)
From Page to Screen
(3)
From Scratch
(1)
Frontier
(27)
Fuller House
(96)
Future Man
(26)
Galavant
(179)
Game of Silence
(76)
Game of Thrones
(2552)
GB
(61)
Generation
(4)
Gentleman Jack
(24)
Getting On
(70)
GH
(201)
Ghost Rider
(4)
Ghost Wars
(53)
Ghosted
(93)
Ghostwriter
(11)
Gilmore Girls
(81)
Girl Meets World
(393)
Girlboss
(12)
Girls
(406)
GIRLS5EVA
(5)
Giveaways
(170)
GK
(36)
Glee
(2764)
GLOW
(52)
GN
(172)
God Friended Me
(218)
God's Favorite Idiot
(1)
Godless
(17)
Golan The Insatiable
(18)
Goliath
(36)
Gone
(6)
Good Behavior
(110)
Good Girls
(236)
Good Omens
(18)
Good Place
(491)
Good Trouble
(169)
Gorilla and the Bird
(1)
Gossip Girl
(14)
Gossip Girl HBO
(10)
Gotham
(1362)
Grace and Frankie
(44)
Graceland
(336)
Grand Army
(5)
Grand Hotel
(72)
Grandfathered
(172)
Grease: Rise Of The Pink Ladies
(2)
Great News
(107)
Green Lantern
(3)
Grey's Anatomy
(5343)
Grimm
(1953)
Grown-ish
(181)
Guerrilla
(3)
Guilt
(62)
Guilty Party
(1)
Gypsy
(14)
Halo
(6)
Halt and Catch Fire
(191)
Hand of God
(6)
Hanna
(18)
Hannibal
(751)
Happy
(65)
Happy Together
(77)
Happyish
(48)
Hart of Dixie
(1103)
Haters Back Off
(16)
Haven
(629)
Hawaii 5-0
(3569)
Hawkeye
(5)
Heartbeat
(79)
Heartbreak High
(1)
Heathers
(21)
Hedy Lamarr
(1)
Heels
(5)
Helix
(291)
Hell On Wheels
(433)
Helstrom
(10)
Hemlock Grove
(52)
Here and Now
(43)
Heroes Reborn
(268)
Hidden Gems
(1)
High Desert
(1)
High Fidelity
(7)
High Maintenance
(6)
High School Musical
(34)
Hightown
(45)
His Dark Materials
(76)
Hit and Run
(2)
Hollywood
(12)
Home Before Dark
(8)
Home Economics
(1)
Homecoming
(25)
Homeland
(1248)
Houdini and Doyle
(36)
House of Cards
(150)
House of Lies
(345)
House of the Dragon
(6)
Housebroken
(1)
How I Met Your Mother
(2446)
How to Get Away With Murder
(1344)
Humans
(95)
Hunters
(69)
Hunters (Amazon)
(14)
I Am Not Okay With This
(9)
I Am the Night
(30)
I Feel Bad
(48)
I Know This Much Is True
(31)
I Know What You Did Last Summer
(1)
I Love Dick
(7)
I'm Dying Up Here
(85)
iCarly
(1)
ICYMI
(453)
II
(55)
IK
(39)
Imaginary Mary
(44)
Imposters
(51)
In Development
(1271)
In From the Cold
(1)
In the Dark
(141)
In The Flesh
(56)
In Treatment
(3)
Incorporated
(44)
Indebted
(31)
Industry
(24)
Industry News
(542)
Inhumans
(101)
Insatiable
(23)
Insecure
(144)
Instinct
(108)
Interrogation
(5)
Interviews
(19)
Into the Badlands
(177)
Into The Dark
(76)
Invasion
(1)
Inventing Anna
(2)
Iron Fist
(68)
Ironheart
(1)
It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia
(365)
iZombie
(910)
Jack Reacher
(2)
Jack Ryan
(26)
Jane the Virgin
(1055)
JC
(321)
JD
(68)
Jean-Claude Van Johnson
(7)
Jekyll and Hyde
(5)
Jessica Jones
(159)
Jett
(25)
JH
(273)
JI
(2)
JK
(491)
JL
(31)
JN
(94)
Joe Exotic
(1)
JP
(15)
JR
(336)
JS
(5)
Julie and the Phantoms
(6)
Jupiter's Legacy
(2)
Jurassic World: Camp Cretaceous
(4)
Just Beyond
(1)
Justice League Dark
(1)
Justified
(756)
JV
(144)
JW
(10)
JZ
(16)
KA
(115)
Kaos
(1)
Katy Keene
(70)
Kavalier and Clay
(1)
KB
(83)
Kenan
(4)
Kevin (Probably) Saves the World
(72)
Kevin Can F**k Himself
(3)
Kevin Can Wait
(251)
Kevin From Work
(44)
KG
(23)
KI
(55)
Kidding
(64)
Killing Eve
(227)
Killjoys
(381)
Kingdom
(30)
Kings of America
(2)
Kiss Me First
(15)
KK
(74)
KL
(265)
KM
(95)
Knightfall
(75)
KP
(160)
KR
(32)
Krypton
(118)
KS
(97)
Kung Fu
(6)
LA
(59)
La Fortuna
(1)
LA to Vegas
(88)
Lady Dynamite
(11)
Lady Parts
(1)
Lando
(1)
Last Man on Earth
(401)
Last Man Standing
(869)
Last Week in TV
(98)
Law and Order Hate Crimes
(2)
Law and Order OC
(3)
Law and Order SVU
(1934)
Law and Order True Crime
(47)
LD
(7)
Legacies
(350)
Legends
(140)
Legends of Tomorrow
(1364)
Legion
(225)
Legit
(88)
Leslye Headland Star Wars Project
(1)
Lethal Weapon
(457)
Leverage (IMDBTV)
(5)
LG
(30)
LH
(46)
Life in Pieces
(380)
Life Sentence
(91)
Light as a Feather
(19)
Lightyears
(1)
Limetown
(8)
Limitless
(344)
Lincoln Rhyme
(47)
Line of Duty
(15)
Lioness
(1)
Lisey’s Story
(1)
Little Fires Everywhere
(33)
Little Voice
(10)
Living Biblically
(57)
Living With Yourself
(6)
Lizzie McGuire
(9)
LK
(31)
LM
(1677)
Locke and Key
(24)
Lodge 49
(71)
Loki
(8)
Longmire
(231)
Looking
(148)
Looking for Alaska
(11)
Loosely Exactly Nicole
(29)
Lost Girl
(874)
Lost in Space
(40)
Louie
(227)
Love
(17)
Love Life
(14)
Love Victor
(24)
Lovecraft Country
(53)
LP
(21)
LR
(41)
LS
(100)
LU
(354)
Lucifer
(1081)
Luke Cage
(66)
Luther
(103)
LW
(141)
LX
(4)
LZ
(121)
M.O.D.O.K.
(1)
MA
(64)
MacGruber
(3)
MacGyver
(615)
Mad Dogs USA
(5)
Mad Men
(654)
Madam Secretary
(874)
Made for Love
(2)
Madoff
(21)
Magnum P.I.
(283)
Maid
(8)
Major Crimes
(671)
Making History
(43)
Man Seeking Woman
(99)
Man with a Plan
(342)
Manhattan
(77)
Maniac
(15)
Manifest
(271)
Marco Polo
(21)
Marks Remarks
(3)
Marlon
(49)
Married
(126)
Mary and Jane
(30)
Mary Kills People
(6)
Master of None
(30)
Masters of Sex
(341)
Mayans MC
(101)
MC
(21)
MD
(212)
Me Myself and I
(52)
Medical Police
(1)
Melissa and Joey
(416)
Messiah
(10)
MI
(10)
Midnight Mass
(2)
Midnight Texas
(131)
Midnight's Children
(1)
Mike and Molly
(807)
Mindhunter
(18)
Minority Report
(120)
Misc Shows
(2866)
Misfits
(220)
Mistresses
(461)
Mixed-ish
(107)
MJ
(508)
MK
(385)
MM
(17)
MNR
(180)
MO
(73)
Modern Family
(2033)
Modern Love
(7)
Mom
(1088)
Monster: The Jeffrey Dahmer Story
(2)
Monsterland
(5)
Monthly Binge
(5)
Moon Knight
(5)
Moonbase 8
(13)
Mosquito Coast
(2)
Motherland: Fort Salem
(113)
Movies
(3269)
Mozart in the Jungle
(22)
MP
(27)
MR
(177)
Mr. Inbetween
(32)
Mr. Mayor
(3)
Mr. Robinson
(32)
Mr. Robot
(361)
Mrs America
(31)
Mrs Fletcher
(28)
MS
(103)
Ms.Marvel
(6)
Murder in the First
(183)
Murphy Brown
(103)
MX
(55)
Mythic Quest
(7)
NA
(51)
Nancy Drew
(120)
Nancy Wu Done It
(1)
Narcos
(30)
Narcos Mexico
(14)
Nashville
(1477)
National Anthem
(1)
NCIS
(3812)
NCIS: Los Angeles
(2748)
NCIS: New Orleans
(948)
Necessary Roughness
(240)
Never Have I Ever
(2)
New Amsterdam
(314)
Next
(40)
Nightflyers
(31)
Nikita
(1390)
Nine Perfect Strangers
(9)
NK
(66)
NM
(44)
No Activity
(19)
No Tomorrow
(93)
NOS4A2
(60)
Notes on Love
(1)
Notorious
(93)
Now Apocalypse
(36)
Nurse Jackie
(326)
OB
(14)
Obi-Wan Kenobi
(6)
Obituary
(21)
October Faction
(8)
Of Kings and Prophets
(38)
Olympus
(44)
On Becoming A God in Central Florida
(29)
On The Verge
(3)
On This Week
(5)
Once Upon A Time
(5151)
One Day at a Time
(117)
One Dollar
(19)
One of Us Is Lying
(3)
One Piece
(1)
Only Murders In The Building
(2)
Open Discussion
(110)
Opinions
(39)
Orange is the New Black
(166)
Origin
(6)
Orphan Black
(653)
Our Flag Means Death
(1)
Outcast
(98)
Outer Banks
(11)
Outer Range
(1)
Outlander
(981)
Outmatched
(42)
Outsiders
(100)
Overlook
(1)
Ozark
(67)
P-Valley
(34)
Pacemaker
(2)
Painkiller
(2)
Pandora
(79)
Panic
(2)
Pantheon
(2)
Paper Girls
(1)
Parenthood
(961)
Parks and Recreation
(1141)
Partners
(34)
Party of Five
(43)
Patient Zero
(2)
PB
(104)
PC
(194)
Peacemaker
(2)
Peaky Blinders
(22)
Pearson
(40)
Pen15
(4)
Penny Dreadful
(309)
Penny Dreadful: City of Angels
(65)
Perception
(196)
Perfect Harmony
(71)
Perry Mason
(55)
Person of Interest
(2326)
PF
(54)
Physical
(2)
picture that
(51)
Pieces of Her
(1)
Pilot Shows
(3441)
Pitch
(121)
Pitch Your Idea
(4)
Pitch Your Show
(49)
PK
(30)
Platform
(1)
Platonic
(2)
Playing House
(91)
Podcast
(250)
Poldark
(144)
Polls
(11307)
Pose
(96)
POTM
(249)
Power
(255)
Power Book II: Ghost
(24)
Power Book III: Raising Kanan
(2)
Power Book IV: Influence
(1)
Power Book V: Force
(1)
Powerless
(68)
Preacher
(259)
Prelims
(296)
Pretty Little Liars
(2392)
Pretty Little Liars The Perfectionists
(59)
Pretty Little Liars: Original Sin
(1)
Prey
(1)
Prison Break
(122)
Prodigal Son
(183)
Project Blue Book
(111)
Proof
(69)
Proven Innocent
(85)
PS
(6)
Psych
(921)
Public Morals
(41)
Punky Brewster
(5)
Pure Genius
(73)
Quantico
(648)
Quarry
(61)
Queen of the South
(218)
Quizzes
(68)
Quote of the Week
(316)
RA
(43)
Raina Reveals
(40)
Raised by Wolves
(25)
Raising Dion
(11)
Raising Hope
(800)
Ramy
(2)
Rangers of the New Republic
(1)
Ransom
(74)
Rap Sh*t
(1)
Ratched
(12)
Ratings
(4765)
Raven's Home
(205)
Ray Donovan
(490)
Rebel
(3)
Recovery Road
(68)
Rectify
(54)
Redeemer
(1)
Reef Break
(58)
Reign
(1265)
Rel
(66)
Renewals and Cancellations
(1466)
Reprisal
(9)
Resident Alien
(3)
Resident Evil
(1)
Resurrection
(290)
Revenge
(2025)
Reverie
(51)
Reviews
(14073)
Revolution
(990)
RF
(122)
Ripley
(1)
Rise
(78)
Riverdale
(1031)
Rizzoli and Isles
(782)
RO
(167)
Roadies
(56)
Rogue One
(5)
Rookie
(1)
Rookie Blue
(648)
Room 104
(152)
Roseanne
(98)
Rosewood
(301)
Roswell New Mexico
(225)
ROTW
(20)
Royal Pains
(601)
RS
(179)
Run
(32)
Run The World
(3)
Runaways
(131)
Rush Hour
(90)
Russian Doll
(18)
Rust
(3)
Rutherford Falls
(4)
RW
(19)
S.W.A.T.
(400)
Safe
(6)
Salem
(320)
Salvation
(166)
Santa Clarita Diet
(38)
Satisfaction
(81)
Saved by the Bell
(10)
Saving Hope
(218)
SB
(65)
SC
(89)
Scandal
(2225)
Scene of the Month
(11)
Scene of the Week
(369)
Scenes From a Marriage
(2)
Schooled
(180)
Scorpion
(1120)
Scream
(233)
Scream Queens
(297)
SD
(63)
SE
(105)
SEAL Team
(451)
Second Chance
(85)
Secret Invasion
(1)
Secrets and Lies
(215)
See
(16)
Selena
(5)
Sense8
(94)
Sentient
(1)
Servant
(14)
Seven Seconds
(14)
Severance
(4)
Sex Education
(16)
Sex/Life
(1)
Sex&Drugs&Rock&Roll
(93)
SG
(71)
Shades of Blue
(236)
Shadow and Bone
(3)
Shadowhunters
(704)
Shameless
(910)
Sharp Objects
(89)
She-Hulk
(3)
She's Gotta Have It
(15)
Sherlock
(358)
Shining Girls
(1)
Shogun
(1)
Shooter
(148)
Shots Fired
(67)
Shrill
(16)
Shut Eye
(22)
Significant Mother
(40)
Silicon Valley
(275)
Single Parents
(266)
Siren
(173)
Sirens
(99)
Six
(79)
SJ
(117)
Sleepy Hollow
(1066)
Slow Horses
(1)
SMILF
(80)
Sneaky Pete
(32)
Snowfall
(121)
Snowpiercer
(62)
SNR
(16)
SO
(29)
Social Distance
(5)
Somebody Somewhere
(1)
Somewhere Between
(43)
Son of Zorn
(82)
Sons of Anarchy
(913)
Soulmates
(24)
Soundtrack
(10)
South Park
(136)
Space Force
(9)
Speechless
(410)
Spider-Man
(99)
Spinning Out
(15)
Splitting Up Together
(144)
Spoiled
(28)
SpoilerTV Article
(2306)
SpoilerTV Awards
(70)
SR
(10)
SS
(388)
Stalker
(305)
Star
(277)
Star Trek: Discovery
(280)
Star Trek: Lower Decks
(13)
Star Trek: Picard
(60)
Star Trek: Strange New Worlds
(3)
Star Wars: Rebels
(101)
Star Wars: The Bad Batch
(1)
Stargirl
(118)
Station 19
(310)
Station Eleven
(3)
Stay Close
(1)
Step Up
(1)
Still Star-Crossed
(45)
Stitchers
(304)
Strange Adventures
(1)
Strange Angel
(37)
Stranger Things
(190)
Strike Back
(120)
Stumptown
(141)
STV Community
(6)
Suburgatory
(442)
Suburra
(8)
Succession
(110)
Suits
(1365)
Sunnyside
(35)
Supergirl
(2113)
Superior Donuts
(167)
Superman and Lois
(24)
Supernatural
(5878)
Superstition
(43)
Superstore
(573)
Surface
(1)
Survivor's Remorse
(76)
Suspicion
(1)
SW
(23)
Swagger
(1)
Swamp Thing
(57)
Sweet Magnolias
(8)
Sweet Tooth
(4)
Sweet/Vicious
(60)
Sweetbitter
(51)
Switched at Birth
(727)
Taboo
(34)
TACS
(13)
Take Two
(81)
Taken
(150)
Tales From The Crypt
(3)
Tales From the Loop
(8)
Tales of the City
(9)
TB
(11)
TBT
(135)
TC
(15)
TDN
(359)
Tech
(1)
Ted Lasso
(33)
Teen Wolf
(1379)
Teenage Bounty Hunters
(6)
Telenovela
(72)
Tell Me a Story
(58)
Tell Me Your Secrets
(8)
Ten Days In The Valley
(45)
The 100
(2168)
The Act
(27)
The Affair
(313)
The Afterparty
(2)
The Alienist
(99)
The Americans
(862)
The Arrangement
(43)
The Astronaut Wives Club
(93)
The Baby-Sitters Club
(8)
The Baker and the Beauty
(51)
The Ballad Of Buster Scruggs
(2)
The Banker's Wife
(1)
The Bastard Executioner
(79)
The Batman
(1)
The Big Bang Theory
(2991)
The Blacklist
(1832)
The Blacklist: Redemption
(65)
The Body Farm
(4)
The Bold Type
(292)
The Boys
(71)
The Brave
(97)
The Bridge
(279)
The Brink
(58)
The Carmichael Show
(125)
The Catch
(170)
The Chair
(1)
The Chi
(126)
The Code
(67)
The Comeback
(63)
The Comedians
(46)
The Conners
(208)
The Cool Kids
(111)
The Crew
(1)
The Crossing
(71)
The Crown
(80)
The Curse
(1)
The Dangerous Book for Boys
(10)
The Dark Crystal
(13)
The Defenders
(46)
The Deuce
(94)
The Duchess
(7)
The Eddy
(12)
The End of the Fucking World
(8)
The Enemy Within
(76)
The Equalizer
(5)
The Essex Serpent
(2)
The Exorcist
(181)
The Expanse
(271)
The Expatriates
(2)
The Falcon and the Winter Soldier
(15)
The Fall
(56)
The Family
(98)
The First
(13)
The Fix
(65)
The Flash
(3141)
The Flight Attendant
(19)
The Following
(858)
The Fosters
(760)
The Get Down
(21)
The Gifted
(296)
The Gilded Age
(8)
The Girl From Plainville
(1)
The Girl on the Bus
(1)
The Girlfriend Experience
(50)
The Goldbergs
(1188)
The Good Cop
(13)
The Good Doctor
(528)
The Good Fight
(223)
The Good Lord Bird
(24)
The Good Wife
(1875)
The Great
(9)
The Great Indoors
(111)
The Great North
(5)
The Grinder
(158)
The Gripe Review
(45)
The Guide to Surviving Life
(65)
The Handmaid's Tale
(267)
The Haunting of Bly Manor
(17)
The Haunting of Hill House
(34)
The I-Land
(8)
The InBetween
(26)
The Innocents
(7)
The Kids Are Alright
(136)
The Knick
(103)
The Kominsky Method
(22)
The L Word
(35)
The Last Airbender
(1)
The Last Bus
(1)
The Last Kingdom
(53)
The Last of Us
(1)
The Last Ship
(434)
The Last Thing He Told Me
(1)
The Last Tycoon
(10)
The League
(222)
The Leftovers
(331)
The Letter For The King
(1)
The Librarians
(321)
The Lincoln Lawyer
(3)
The Lord of the Rings
(12)
The Magic Order
(2)
The Magicians
(372)
The Man in the High Castle
(47)
The Man Who Fell to Earth
(1)
The Mandalorian
(90)
The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel
(57)
The Mayor
(66)
The McCarthys
(95)
The Mentalist
(2199)
The Messengers
(186)
The Mick
(206)
The Middle
(1334)
The Mighty Ducks
(1)
The Millers
(224)
The Mindy Project
(874)
The Missing
(34)
The Mist
(51)
The Moodys
(19)
The Morning Show
(26)
The Muppets
(164)
The Musketeers
(319)
The Mysteries of Laura
(300)
The Mysterious Benedict Society
(5)
The Neighborhood
(233)
The Neighbors
(277)
The Nevers
(5)
The New Girl
(1793)
The Newsroom
(263)
The Night Manager
(38)
The Night Of
(48)
The Night Shift
(341)
The OA
(18)
The Odd Couple
(234)
The Offer
(1)
The Old Man
(4)
The One
(1)
The One Percent
(2)
The Order
(12)
The Originals
(1962)
The Orville
(210)
The Outpost
(145)
The Outsider
(42)
The Passage
(76)
The Path
(76)
The Peripheral
(2)
The Player
(106)
The Plot Against America
(28)
The Politician
(14)
The Power
(6)
The Prince
(1)
The Proud Family
(2)
The Punisher
(46)
The Purge
(99)
The Queen's Gambit
(11)
The Rain
(11)
The Ranch
(40)
The Real O'Neals
(179)
The Reaper
(2)
The Red Line
(28)
The Republic of Sarah
(2)
The Resident
(404)
The Returned
(91)
The Rig
(1)
The Right Stuff
(21)
The Righteous Gemstones
(31)
The Romanoffs
(24)
The Rook
(36)
The Rookie
(355)
The Royals
(127)
The Sandman
(2)
The Sex Lives of Collage Girls
(1)
The Shannara Chronicles
(142)
The Shrink Next Door
(2)
The Simpsons
(1358)
The Sinner
(160)
The Society
(12)
The Son
(34)
The Son (HBO)
(1)
The Spanish Princess
(53)
The Spy
(2)
The Stand
(9)
The Strain
(386)
The Surrealtor
(2)
The Terminal List
(1)
The Terror
(104)
The Three Body Problem
(1)
The Tick
(17)
The Time Traveler's Wife
(2)
The Twilight Zone
(44)
The Umbrella Academy
(47)
The Underground Railroad
(4)
The Undoing
(32)
The Unicorn
(100)
The Uninhabitable Earth
(1)
The Upshaws
(2)
The Village
(64)
The Walking Dead
(3839)
The Walking Dead: World Beyond
(41)
The Watch
(6)
The Westing Game
(1)
The Wheel of Time
(12)
The Whispers
(148)
The White House Plumbers
(1)
The White Princess
(45)
The Wilds
(3)
The Witcher
(43)
The Witcher: Blood Origin
(1)
The Woman In The House
(1)
The X-Files
(300)
The Young Pope
(21)
Them
(5)
Things I Know to Be True
(1)
Thirteen
(8)
This Country
(3)
This Is Us
(931)
Three Women
(1)
Time After Time
(55)
Timeless
(404)
Tiny Pretty Things
(4)
Titans
(177)
TK
(41)
TL
(16)
Togetherness
(65)
Tokyo Vice
(1)
Tommy
(64)
Tong Wars
(2)
Too Old To Die Young
(10)
Top 100 Shows of the 2010s
(2)
Torchwood
(199)
Totally Random
(5)
TP
(27)
Training Day
(69)
Transparent
(33)
Travelers
(64)
Treadstone
(47)
Treme
(151)
Trial and Error
(89)
Trinkets
(9)
True Blood
(1458)
True Detective
(270)
True Story
(1)
Trust
(38)
Truth Be Told
(74)
Truth Be Told (AppleTV)
(2)
Truth Seekers
(4)
Trying
(4)
Turn
(186)
Turn Up Charlie
(6)
Turner and Hooch
(4)
TV Show Comp
(36)
Twin Peaks
(115)
Two and a Half Men
(665)
Two Broke Girls
(1053)
Two Sentence Horror Stories
(3)
Tyrant
(214)
UK Shows
(604)
Un-Real
(234)
Unbelievable
(5)
Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt
(59)
Uncle Buck
(32)
Undateable
(189)
Under the Dome
(601)
Underground
(96)
Unforgettable
(268)
United States of Al
(1)
United We Fall
(33)
Unrelated
(7)
Unruly
(1)
Unsolved
(34)
Untitled Autism Comedy Drama
(1)
Untitled David Weil Sci-Fi Anthology
(1)
Untitled Lakers Project
(1)
Upload
(8)
USDP
(2930)
Utopia
(17)
Utopia Falls
(7)
V-Wars
(12)
Vagrant Queen
(35)
Valor
(91)
Vampire Diaries
(4868)
Van Helsing
(226)
Veep
(457)
Veronica Mars
(41)
VG
(48)
VI
(3)
Vice Principals
(55)
Victoria
(19)
Vida
(61)
Vikings
(495)
Vikings: Valhalla
(1)
Vinyl
(52)
Virgin River
(14)
VK
(11)
VM
(110)
Walker
(18)
WandaVision
(8)
Warehouse 13
(445)
Warrior
(68)
Warrior Nun
(14)
Watchmen
(89)
Wayward Pines
(251)
WC
(41)
We Are Who We Are
(21)
Webseries
(51)
Weekly Nielsen Streaming Charts
(1)
Welcome to Sweden
(65)
Westworld
(321)
Wet Hot American Summer
(17)
What If
(1)
What We Do In The Shadows
(87)
WhatIf
(11)
When Calls the Heart
(214)
When We Rise
(32)
Whiskey Cavalier
(115)
White Collar
(1003)
White Famous
(40)
White Stork
(1)
Why Women Kill
(37)
Wicked City
(60)
Wilfred
(218)
Will
(41)
Will and Grace
(289)
Willow
(1)
Wiped Out
(2)
Wisdom of the Crowd
(71)
Witches of East End
(268)
WK
(5)
WM
(105)
Woke
(5)
Women of the Movement
(5)
Work In Progress
(33)
WRT
(95)
Wu Assassins
(12)
Wu-Tang: An American Saga
(13)
Wynonna Earp
(372)
Y: The Last Man
(7)
YAMATEOTW
(18)
Yellowstone
(56)
You
(91)
You're the Worst
(285)
Young and Hungry
(415)
Young Rock
(3)
Young Sheldon
(411)
Young Wallander
(5)
Younger
(338)
Your Honor
(16)
YouSay
(4)
Z Nation
(365)
ZF
(29)
ZH
(29)
Zoey's Extraordinary Playlist
(85)
Zoo
(262)
What's Trending Today!
Privacy Policy
Send Feedback
Help
Contact