https://www.thebachchoir.org.uk/privacy-policy/
Musical Director David Hill MBE
President John Rutter CBE
Patron HRH The Prince of Wales
Register
News
Concerts
Home
About
Choir
Musical Director
President
Conductor Laureate
Vice-Presidents
News
Concerts
Sing With Us
Why Join The Choir?
Apply For An Audition
FAQ
Outreach
Outreach
About The Bach Choir Outreach Project
Outreach News
The Young Singers
Arts Award
Media
Photos
Audio
Videos
Reviews
Hire The Choir
Support Us
How Can You Help?
Become A Friend
Become A Donor
Corporate Support
Legacy Giving
Shop
Recordings
Hire Music
Contact
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment to Data Protection and Privacy
Your privacy is important to us and we are committed to maintaining high standards of data protection. This notice explains our information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available via the page footer on every page of our website.
This notice applies to all personal data collected by The Bach Choir, including personal data collected or submitted on our website.
The Information We Collect
We only collect personal data for specific purposes (for example, Singing or Associate Membership of the Choir, membership of the Friends of The Bach Choir or for circulation of information about the Choirs activities) and only such data as is necessary for the purpose for which it is collected.
We use personal data only for the purpose for which it was collected and, except with the express consent of the person to whom it relates, will not use it for any other purpose or share it with a third party.
We keep data only for so long as is necessary for that purpose, unless there is a legal or regulatory requirement for us to retain the data for a longer period or we need to do so for audit or accounting purposes.
You can register with our website if you would like to receive news about The Bach Choir, including information about our concerts, other events and recordings and/or about our fund raising. We share these details with a third party provider of newsletter services (currently, we use MailChimp for this purpose).
Where we receive a communication by email, we will use the return email address only:
to answer the email we have received, or
where we have a legitimate interest in using the email address or
it necessary for us to use the email address in order to meet our contractual obligations
and not for any other purpose, unless the person sending the email has registered or otherwise consented to receive communications from us.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website. We may tell our developers that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our registration form, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.
The purchasing of products from The Bach Choir is handled by third party service providers: namely Amazon and iTunes. Except in relation to purchases of tickets for certain of our events, we do not hold any personal purchasing information on our website or on any other database.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without your specific consent.
Friends of The Bach Choir
We also collect and store personal data relating to Friends of The Bach Choir. We use this information to administer their membership of the Friends of The Bach Choir, including sending them news about our activities and invitations to concerts and other events. We will only send marketing and fundraising material to Friends of The Bach Choir with their specific consent.
Deletion of Data held by us.
We review the personal data we hold at regular intervals and delete any personal data which is no longer needed for the purpose for which it was collected or where the Choirs relationship with the individual to whom it relates has ceased.
Credit card data provided to us for the purpose of buying tickets for one of our concerts or events is deleted at the end of the financial year in which the concert or event took place.
We delete personal data relating to former Friends of The Bach Choir within one month of becoming aware that the relevant person no longer wishes to be a Friend of The Bach Choir, unless there is a legal, regulatory, accounting or audit reason for us to retain the data for a longer period (in which case we will retain the data only for so long as is necessary).
How you can access or correct your Information or ask us to delete it
You can access any of your personal data that we have collected by requesting it via email to genman@thebachchoir.org.uk.
Similarly, you can ask us to correct any factual errors in your personal data or ask us to delete it by email to genman@thebachchoir.org. Please note, however, that we will only be able to correct personal data if the error to be corrected and the correct information are clear from the email we receive.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access, making corrections or deleting information.
A Friend of The Bach Choir who would like to see, amend or request the deletion of their personal data held by the Choir, or ask us to stop sending them marketing or fundraising communications, should contact the Friends Secretary (friends@thebachchoir.org.uk).
Our Commitment to Data Security
To prevent unauthorised access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Our Commitment to Childrens Privacy:
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
Cookies
The Bach Choir uses Google cookies ( _utma, _utmb, _utmc, _utmz) and Facebook Pixel to monitor and record visitor numbers to and activity on its public website. We use this information to compile reports, improve users experience of our website, and customise our advertising. It gives us useful insight into how users are engaging with the website. We also share information about the use of our site with our trusted social media advertising and analytics partners.The cookies collect this information in an anonymous form.
The Choir has implemented a pop-up box on its website that will activate the first time a user visits the website. This allows them to click to consent (or not) to continuing with cookies enabled. We use site cookies (site_cookies_accept) to track whether a particular user has dismissed the cookie banner. These prevent the banner from appearing again, once it has been dismissed. Anyone who wishes to disable cookies before proceeding cann do so by amending the settings in their browser.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please send us an email atgenman@thebachchoir.org.uk or get in touch via the form or details on our Contact page.
Home
About
News
Concerts
Sing With Us
Outreach
Media
Hire The Choir
Support Us
Shop
Contact
Insights Login
Members Login
Register
TheBachChoir
TheBachChoir
Privacy Policy
T&Cs
Cookies
The Bach Choir is a registered charity no: 258287
>