http://www.cardinallsmusick.com/privacy-policy
HOMEContactCalendar
Logo
RecordingsOur Music
PerformanceUpcoming events
Latest NewsWhat's happening
About usThe group
PromotersHow to hire us
WorkshopsEducation
FriendsJoin us
ReviewsWhat people say
Privacy Policy
We are committed to protecting your privacy. We will only use the information that we collect about you lawfully (in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998).
We will never collect sensitive information about you without your explicit consent. The personal information which we hold will be held securely in accordance with our internal security policy and the law.
We will give you the chance to refuse any marketing correspondence via writing or e-mail from us in the future.
The type of information we will collect about you includes:
your name, address, phone number, email address
If you have chosen to receive information from us either by writing or email we will use your personal details to keep you informed about events, news and offers relating to The Cardinall’s Musick.
We do not disclose your information to third parties. We do not sell, rent or trade your personal information to third parties.
You can check the information that we hold about you by emailing us at office@cardinallsmusick.com. If you find any inaccuracies we will delete or correct it promptly.
We may use technology to track the patterns of behaviour of visitors to our site. This can include using a “cookie” which would be stored on your browser. You can usually modify your browser to prevent this happening. The information collected in this way can be used to identify you unless you modify your browser settings.
By disclosing your personal information to us using this website, over the telephone or in person, you consent to the collection, storage and processing of your personal information by The Cardinall’s Musick in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy.
Next Performance Concert: Wigmore Hall...
When: Monday 21 December 2020, 7:30 pmWhere: Wigmore Hall, London
Find out more
Featured Recording
'Spem in alium & other sacred music'
More about this recording
Latest News On film … »
The Cardinall’s Musick on BBC Radio 3 »
“… music of high drama, religious intensity, levity and wit …” »
Download Newsletters »More news
[Back to the top]
The Cardinall's Musick 2020
home
music
performance
promoters
news
about
contact
reviews
friends
Stay Updated
RSS Feed Twitter
Privacy Policy	|
Web Design by Redhead Media