http://www.schudio.co.uk/privacy
Schudio.co.uk
Flash 8+ required. Download here
Home
News
Shop
Portfolio
Illustration
Graphic IN
Graphic OUT
Paint IN
Paint OUT
About
Archive
Contact
Client Login
Latest News
NEW BLOG
For the last few months I have been developing a blog space that shows off my extensive library of imagery. The best thing about it, is that you can cross-reference items with tags (or keywords),...
Read More
Latest Update
Renovated Mural in Google Earth
You need to upgrade your Flash Player to version 9 or newer.
var so = new...
View Update
FIRST PRINTBuy Chu's first, limited edition print release byclicking here
Privacy Statement
Depending on how you use this site, your details are recorded in the following ways:For all visitors to this website:No personal data is recorded on our system. We do monitor things like where in the world you are coming from, your monitor size, operating system, but no private or personal information is stored. We log this information to aid in various improvemnets on the design and layout of the website and to measure the impact of various publicity streams. If you are buying something from the shop:You are redirected to PayPal.com to enter your card details, for their privacy statement, click here. We at SCHUDIO.co.uk will not see your bank or card details, we only see the date and time of the transaction, your email address, name, address and details of the purchased item(s) that we use for invoicing and delivery purposes only. If you are subscribing:We will collect your email address for the sole purpose of informing you of relevant updates to this, and associated websites. We do NOT pass on your email address to any other organisation or company.This privacy statement is subject to change without notice at the discretion of the web site maintainers.  Please check here regularly. If you have any questions, feel free to use the contact page to request further details.
Copyright
FAQ
Requirments
Privacy
Cherry