https://www.richmondballet.com/privacy/
donate
/
subscribe
/
contact
Legal & Privacy Policy
Search:
Last updated: Jun 5, 2013
This website is the property of Richmond Ballet. All rights reserved.
Postal Address & Contact Information
407 East Canal Street
Richmond, VA 23219
We can be reached via email at smckinney@richmondballet.com or by telephone at 804-344-0906 ext. 225.
Collection of Information
For each visitor to the website, our web server automatically recognizes no information regarding the domain or email address.
We collect the email addresses of those who communicate with us via email, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, user-specific information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations, name and address, telephone number, and payment information (e.g. billing address).
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our website, used to notify consumers about updates to our website and used by us to contact consumers for marketing purposes.
Cookies
We use cookies to record session information, such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart and record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit.
Email & Postal Address List
If you do not want to receive email from us in the future, please let us know by sending us email at the above address or writing to us at the above address.
From time to time, we make our customer email list available to other reputable organizations whose products or services we think you might find interesting. If you do not want us to share your email address with other companies or organizations, please let us know by writing or emailing us at the above address.
If you supply us with your postal address online you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by emailing or writing us at the above addresses.
To be removed from a shared email or mailing list, please provide us with your exact name and email or postal address. We will be sure your name is removed from the list we share with other organizations.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers online will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed online.
Ad Servers
We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
Use of Customer Information
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice.  If our information practices change at some time in the future, we will post the policy changes to our website to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt-out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our website periodically.
Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by emailing or writing us at the above addresses.
Upon request, we provide site visitors with access to unique identifier information (e.g., customer numbers), transaction information (e.g., dates on which customers made purchases, amounts and types of purchases), and contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them.
Consumers can access this information by writing to us at the above address or calling us at the above telephone number.
Consumers can have this information corrected by mailing us, sending us email at the above address or calling us at the above telephone number.
Visitor Tracking
Richmond Ballet uses Google Analytics software. We will not (and will not allow any third-party to) use the service to track or collect personally identifiable information of internet users, nor will we (or will we allow any third-party to) associate any data gathered from our website with any personally identifying information from any source as part of Richmond Ballet’s use of the service.
Security
We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above address or phone number.