http://www.abcnorio.org/about/privacy.html
Overview
History
News
Future
Privacy
ABC No Rio Privacy Policy
ABC No Rio respects and protects the privacy of our volunteers, donors, supporters, and patrons, as well as of individuals visiting our web-site and other online projects.
We do not sell, rent, share, or exchange our e-mail lists.
ABC No Rio maintains a database that includes contact information about ABC No Rio volunteers, donors, supporters, and patrons. Our database will not be sold, rented, shared, exchanged, or be used for anything other than ABC No Rio activity.
At times ABC No Rio may choose to send individuals on our lists mailings or posts with information from or about other groups, but those mailings or posts will always originate with ABC No Rio.
Individuals requesting to be removed from our mailing lists will be promptly removed.
Visitors to ABC No Rio's website and other online projects are able to browse anonymously. We do log the IP addresses and originating domains of visitors to our site, and several times a year we examine this data to gain a general understanding of traffic on our site and what features on our site may be of special or particular interest. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
ABC No Rio's InterActivist INFO EXCHANGE and Activist Listserver and ABC No Rio's calendar of events (for registered users) employ 'cookies' to provide tailored information. These cookies are marked with a unique identifier and are not accessible to any other website. No personally indentifiable information is collected with the cookies that we set. Any user may disable cookies in their browser preferences; however, certain features and functionality will be lost.
ABC No Rio's website and other online projects will at times contain links to other websites. We have no responsibility for nor control over the privacy policies and practices of any linked website.
Changes to ABC No Rio's privacy policy will be announced on this page.
Thank you for visiting http://www.abcnorio.org.
about | events | facilities | arts ed & training | calendar | online galleries | affiliated projects | make contact | support
ABC No Rio: The Culture of Opposition Since 1980