http://www.bournemouthanddistrictconcertband.co.uk/cookie-privacy-policy/
Concerts
About BDCB
Join us
Blog
Get in touch
Our privacy policy & cookies policy
Whenever we need to collect any of your data, we will let you know at that point why we need to do so and what it will be used for. Read our privacy policy to find out how we keep your data secure and up to date; how long we might hold it for; and what your rights are in relation to it. And read our cookie policy to see how we store information about how you use our website.
At Bournemouth and District Concert Band (BDCB) we’re committed to protecting your personal data and will use any personal or sensitive data we collect from you in line with the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR).
Jump to:
Who’s responsible for the data BDCB collects?
The data we collect and how we use it
Sharing your data
Children’s data
Updating your data
How long we hold your data for
Your rights
Changes to our privacy policy
Our website cookies policy
Our privacy policy
Who’s responsible for data the group (BDCB) collects?
BDCB is a Data Controller under the GDPR. BDCB’s Data Protection Officer is our Secretary who can be contacted via email.
What data do we collect and what do we use it for?
BDCB collects data from individuals to help us plan, organise and run the day-to-day operations of the group (for example co-ordinating rehearsals or collecting subscription payments) and to promote and market the group’s activities (e.g. marketing mailing lists and photography/video capture).
Members: for administering membership
When you join BDCB as a member, or during your membership with us, we may need to collect some of the following information on you:
Name
Email address
Phone number
Address
Emergency contact details
Instrument(s)
Conducting experience
This data will be used by committee members to manage your membership with BDCB and to organise and run our activities.
If you give us your consent to do so, we may also use your contact details to send you marketing/promotional communications from the group.
Any marketing/promotional communications we send you will include a clear option to withdraw your consent (e.g. to ‘opt out’ of future emails) and you can also withdraw consent at any point by emailing our Data Protection Officer.
Event attendees: for processing and managing tickets for events
Where our events are ticketed, we need to collect data on the person booking (name and email) in order to allow you access to the event and to send you a confirmation of your reservation/purchase. This data will only be used for administering your access to the event/s for which you have booked and will not be used to send you marketing/promotional messages from the group unless you have also provided your consent to receive these (see below).
Employees and contractors: for administration and legal/regulatory purposes
We may need (for administration or for legal/regulatory reasons) to collect personal or sensitive data on employees or contractors of the group. Where this is the case, we will explain what this is for at the point of collection.
Mailing list subscribers: for marketing and promotion
We offer everybody the opportunity to sign up (consent) to receive marketing and promotional information on the group’s activities (e.g. emails about forthcoming events).
When you sign up to our marketing mailing list we will ask for your [name, email, phone number, address] and will use this data to send you information about our events and activities (for example forthcoming performances, social events and fundraising events). We may also ask for your preferred topics and communication methods. These allow us to tailor the information we provide to suit your preferences (e.g. email vs post).
We will only send you information that is related to the group (e.g. we will not use your data to send you marketing messages from third parties).
Anything we send you will include a clear option to withdraw your consent (e.g. to ‘opt out’ of future emails) and you can also do so at any time by emailing our Data Protection Officer.
Website visitors: for running and improving our website
Find out how we use cookies on our website to collect information.
Do we share your data with anyone else?
We will never pass your details on to third parties for marketing purposes.
Or
If (and only if) you give consent we may pass your details to related third parties so they can contact you about their activities.
We sometimes use third party services to process your data (e.g. Google Drive). We will always make sure any third parties we use are reputable, secure, and process your data in accordance with your rights under GDPR.
Are there special measures for children’s data?
Where we knowingly collect or store data of children under 13 we will ensure the person with parental responsibility for the child has seen the relevant information relating to the child data or has given consent on behalf of the child.
Once a child is over 13 years old, parental consent to use their data will no longer be sufficient. We will only continue to hold/use the data if the child themselves also gives their consent.
How can you update your data?
You can contact us at any time to update or correct the data we hold on you, by emailing our Secretary.
How long will we hold your data?
The BDCB’s data retention policy is to review all data held on individuals every two years and remove data where we no longer have a legitimate reason to keep it.
Where you have withdrawn your consent for us to use your data for a particular purpose (e.g. unsubscribed from a mailing list) we may retain some of your data for up to two years in order to preserve a record of your consent having been withdrawn.
What rights do you have?
Under the GDPR, you have the following rights over your data and its use:
The right to be informed about what data we are collecting on you and how we will use it
The right of access – you can ask to see the data we hold on you
The right to rectification – you can ask that we update or correct your data
The right to object – you can ask that we stop using your data for a particular purpose
The right to erasure – you can ask us to delete the data we hold on you
The right to restrict processing – you can ask that we temporarily stop using your data while the reason for its use or its accuracy are investigated
Though unlikely to apply to the data we hold and process on you, you also have rights related to portability and automated decision making (including profiling)
All requests related to your rights should be made by emailing our Data Protection Officer. We will respond within one month.
You can find out more about your rights on the Information Commissioner’s Office website.
What will we do if anything changes?
If we make changes to our privacy statements or processes we will post the changes here. Where the changes are significant, we may also choose to email individuals affected with the new details. Where required by law, will we ask for your consent to continue processing your data after these changes are made.
Our use of cookies on this website
We use some cookies on our website. Find out which cookies we use to help us improve your journey around our website.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files that are stored by your web browser (for example, Google Chrome, Firefox, Internet Explorer, Safari) on your computer or device. They allow websites to remember your online preferences for a period of time to make websites quicker and easier for you to use.
How does the BDCB website use cookies?
We use the following types of cookies on our website:
Anonymous analytics cookies
We use Content Management System (CMS) and Google Analytics software to collect anonymous information about how you use our website.
Google Analytics tells us information such as how many users visit our website; which pages you visit; how long you spend on each page; where you came from before you reached our website; and whether you’re a repeat visitor.
We use these anonymous statistics to help us identify the type of content users are looking for.
Persistent cookie consent
When you first visit our website (or you visit for the first time after clearing your browser history), you’ll be asked to accept our cookie policy in a pop-up message. Once you accept, this will generate a persistent cookie which will remember that you’ve accepted next time you visit our website in the same browser.
How do I turn cookies off?
You can disable cookies in your web browser if you don’t want your anonymised data to be tracked by websites. All modern browsers allow you to change your cookie settings within the browser menu.
Switching off cookies may prevent some aspects of a website from working fully. You won’t have such a personalised experience because a website won’t remember your online preferences.
Find out more about cookies
You can find out more about cookies and their use on the internet from www.allaboutcookies.org
© Bournemouth and District Concert Band 2020Privacy and cookie policy
We use cookies to give you the best experience on our website.OKCookies policy