http://www.robotech.com/privacy
news
store
roboverse
forums
about
Robotech Privacy Policy
Welcome Robotech fans!
Robotech.com is the official Robotech Web site owned and operated by Harmony Gold USA, Inc. ("Harmony Gold"). Harmony Gold is the producer of the internationally successful animated television series entitled Robotech. We invite you to visit our Robotech.com Universe and use our services as you travel the Internet.
We are sincerely committed to respecting and protecting your privacy. This Privacy Statement explains our privacy policies with respect to how we handle your personal information at our Web site and the security procedures that we have in place to protect your personal information. You may access this Privacy Statement from our homepage and on every page where you are asked to provide personally identifiable information. You should also read our Terms of Use regarding our rules, terms and conditions on your use of our Web site. By using our Web site, you are agreeing to the terms of this Privacy Statement and of our Terms of Use (which you can access by clicking on this hypertext link).
Please do not use our Web site if you do not agree with any term(s) in this Privacy Statement and our Terms of Use.
We hope that you will find this Privacy Statement to be helpful in addressing questions or concerns that you may have regarding your privacy.
And that your journey into the Official Robotech Universe will be most exciting!
Kids: IF YOU ARE UNDER 13, YOU WILL NOT BE ALLOWED TO PARTICIPATE IN ANY ACTIVITES AT OUR WEB SITE.
Parents / Guardians: We are aware of the special concerns regarding the protection of children's privacy online. If your children are under 13, we do not want them to participate in our community. We encourage you to discuss our Privacy Statement with your children to help them understand how to use our Web site.
INFORMATION COLLECTED FROM YOU
Registration: Our membership registration form requires users to give us certain contact and demographic information such as your full name, a username, your state/province and country (for location verification purposes), e-mail address (if you are 13 or older), your parent's or guardian's e-mail address or regular mail address or facsimile number (if you are under 13), date of birth, gender, and occupation.
Fan Page: Once you are registered, you will have your own "Fan Page" that contains your registration information and profile data (e.g., member point total and member rank). You may customize your Fan Page with additional personal information including homepage URL, interests, signature, and Robotech character picture icon. Please be advised that your personal Fan Page can be viewed by other members at the Robotech Community pages of our Web site. You have the option to limit the personal profile information that will be visible on your Fan Page when other members view it (for example, you can choose to omit your date of birth as a viewable item).
Please consider very carefully whether you want to give out or share personal information online at our Web Site because we cannot guarantee how others may use such personal information.
ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION THAT YOU DISCLOSE ONLINE OR OFFLINE TO OTHER USERS OR MEMBERS WILL BE AT YOUR OWN RISK.
Online Activities and Services: From time to time, we may collect additional personal and non-personal information about you in connection with our online activities or services such as contests, promotions, surveys, and customer service requests. When you make a purchase at our site, you will have to complete an order form that will collect your purchaser information like your shipping address, your billing address, your telephone number, size, and credit card number. We may also request certain demographic information on our order forms such as age and income level.
Fan Photo: We feature a Fan Photo page in the Robotech Community section. Fans can upload their personal photographs, subject to our approval, onto the Fan Photo page for later download by members. The Fan Photo feature is optional.
PLEASE BE AWARE THAT YOU ARE NOT OBLIGATED TO PROIVDE US WITH, AND YOU CAN CHOOSE TO WITHHOLD, ANY REQUESTED INFORMATION AT ANY TIME. HOWEVER, IF YOU DECLINE, YOU MAY NOT BE ABLE TO PARTICIPATE IN CERTAIN ACTIVITIES OR ACCESS CERTAIN SERVICES AT THIS WEB SITE.
Cookies: Software technology known as "cookies" are pieces of information transferred from a Web site to your computer's hard drive to help the site with record keeping. The use of cookies is an industry standard.
When you visit our site, we use cookies to log your Internet Protocol ("IP") information such as your IP address and/or domain name for our systems administration purposes. We may also collect other non-personal data such as your computer platform and browser type. If you reset your browser not to accept cookies, you may experience difficulties in accessing our Web site, using our services, or participating in our online activities.
HOW WE USE INFORMATION COLLECTED FROM YOU
We use the information that you enter on the registration form to create a member account for you that will contain your personal profile data. Your member account is password protected for your privacy and security. We use your password and personal profile data to verify the user's identity, for use as account numbers in our record system, and for other purposes, such as logging member points and authorizing you to participate in online activities. We will use your contact information.to send you information about our company and promotional material from us or some of our business associates. Your contact information is also used to contact you when necessary and may be shared with other companies who may want to contact our members regarding their products and services from time to time. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings and promotional material; please see the choice/opt-out section below. We may use the demographic and profile data (like your age or occupation) collected at our site to tailor the your experience at our site, showing you content that we think you might be interested in, and displaying the content according to your preferences. Financial information that is collected is used to check the users'qualifications and bill the user for products and services. This information may be shared with advertisers or our business associates on an aggregate basis so that it is anonymous with respect to our members.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is used to help identify you and your shopping cart and to gather broad demographic information. At times we may link your "cookie" data with your personal profile data to deliver content specific to your interests, to save your password so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit our site, to keep track of your personal items (such as your member points, contest score tallies, shopping cart, etc.), and for other purposes.
Third Party Sites/Advertisers:
This site may contain links to other sites. Harmony Gold and Robotech.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
We may from time to time use an outside advertising company to display ads on our site. These ads may contain cookies. While we use cookies in other parts of our Web site, cookies received with such banner ads will be collected by the outside advertising company, and we do not have access to this information. Some customer data is shared with the advertising companies.
Required Release of Information:
We will give out members' personal information to comply with any legal actions like a court order; to enforce our Terms of Service, site or game rules; or to protect the safety and security of guests and our
sites.
We may also be required to share members' information in connection with the purchase or sale of a business.
PUBLIC FORUMS
This Web Site may make forums, message boards, news groups and/or chat rooms, available to its for use by our members. PLEASE REMEMBER THAT ANY INFORMATION THAT IS DISCLOSED IN THESE AREAS BECOMES PUBLIC INFORMATION AND YOU SHOULD EXERCISE CAUTION WHEN DECIDING TO DISCLOSE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.
Your participation in such site activities is subject to your agreement to abide by our site rules as contained in our Terms of Use.
SECURITY
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
We will undertake adequate technical, contractual, administrative and physical security steps to protect all members' information. When you provide credit card information, we will use secure socket layer (SSL) encryption to protect it. There are some things that you can do to help protect the security of your information as well. Please do not give out your password as it can be used to access all of your account information. Also, remember to sign out of your account and close your browser window when you are done with using our site (or the Web) so that other people using the same computer won't have access to your personal information or account.
SUPPLEMENTATION INFORMATION
This site may, from time to time, supplement the information that you provide with information that is received from third parties.
SPECIAL KIDS SECTION
We comply with the following practices with respect to kids under 13:
NOT collect online contact information without prior parental consent or parental notification, which will include an opportunity for the parent to prevent use of the information and participation in the activity. Without prior parental consent, online information will only be used to respond directly to the child's request and will not be used for other purposes without prior parental consent
NOT collect personally identifiable offline contact information without prior parental consent
NOT distribute to third parties any personally identifiable information with out prior parental consent
NOT give the ability to publicly post or otherwise distribute personally identifiable contact information without prior parental consent
NOT entice by the prospect of a special game, prize or other activity, to divulge more information than is needed to participate in the activity
CHOICE/OPT-OUT
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us and our associates at the point where we request information about the visitor.
This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service.
You can send email to admin@robotech.com
You can send mail to the following postal address:
Harmony Gold, 7655 Sunset Blvd., Los Angeles, CA 90046, Attn: Robotech Webmaster
You can call the following telephone number: 323-851-4900, ext. 230 (between 9 am - 5 pm Pacific Time)
CORRECT/UPDATE
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided.
You can email us at admin@robotech.com
You can visit the following URL: https://robotech.com/user
You can mail us at the following postal address:Harmony Gold, 7655 Sunset Blvd., Los Angeles, CA 90046, Attn: Robotech Webmaster
You can call us at the following telephone number: 323-851-4900, ext. 230 (between 9 am - 5 pm Pacific Time)
Harmony Gold and Robotech.com reserve the right to change the terms of this Privacy Statement at any time, so we suggest that you review this document periodically to understand how we are handling your information.
If we make any changes to this Privacy Statement, we will post such changes on this page so that you will continue to be informed of our user privacy practices and procedures.
Your continued use of our Web site after any changes to our Privacy Statement will constitute your agreement to such changes.
CONTACTING THE WEB SITE
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact:
Robotech Webmaster
Harmony Gold
7655 Sunset Blvd.
Los Angeles, CA 90046
admin@robotech.com
FACEBOOK  /  TWITTER
By using this Web site, you are agreeing to the Terms of Use.
Customer Service | Privacy Policy | Contact Us | About Robotech.com
©1985-2020 Harmony Gold USA, Inc. All rights reserved.