http://www.tenburytownband.co.uk/privacy-policy-and-cookies.html
Skip to main content
Tenbury Town Band
Tenbury Town Band
Meet the Band
Conductors
Clarinets
Saxophones
Horns
Trumpets
Trombones
Basses
Drums & Percussion
Flutes
Double Reed
Silly Bits
Watch
Listen
History
Keith Colwell
Events
News
Contacts & Bookings
Gallery
Tours
1986 - Frankeneck Germany
1988 - Fort Scott Canada
1996 - Frankeneck Germany
1992 - Cyprus
2002 - Gibraltar
1994 - Pont du Casse France
2005 - Pont du Casse France
2007 - Disneyland Paris
2009 - Pont du Casse France
2010 - Durrington Walls
2011 - Unofficial Tour Wessex Summer School
2015 - Durrington
Awards
Privacy Policy for Tenbury Town Band (TTB)    Last reviewed and agreed by the committee on 17th September 2018
This privacy policy sets out how TTB  uses and protects any information that you give when you use this website.
TTB is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
TTB may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 17th September 2018
What we collect
We may collect the following information from our band members and their Parents/Carers
Name & Phone numbers.
Contact information including postal and email address.
Other information relevant to you as a supporter or member.
FOTTB. ( Friends of Tenbury Town Band newsletters ) We will collect data from people who give it voluntarily in order to receive our newsletter which will be sent either by post or email. We will under no circumstances use this information for any other purpose or pass it to any other third parties. This information like all the data we keep will be held electronically on a secure system accessible only by certain authorised band officers.
What we do with the information we gather
We may periodically send information regarding TTB which we think you may find interesting using the postal or email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use this information to customise the website according to your interests or suggestions.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. This information is only accessible by certain band officers.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 2018 and we will fully comply with the principles of the general data regulations (GDPR)
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, using our contact details from our website. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Cookies In Use on This Site
Cookies and how they Benefit You
Our website uses cookies, as almost all websites do, to help provide you with the best experience we can. Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer or mobile phone when you browse websites
Our cookies help us:
Make our website work as you'd expect
Improve the speed/security of the site
We do not use cookies to:
Collect any personally identifiable information (without your express permission)
Collect any sensitive information (without your express permission)
Pass data to advertising networks
Pass personally identifiable data to third parties
Pay sales commissions
You can learn more about all the cookies we use below
Granting us permission to use cookies
If the settings on your software that you are using to view this website (your browser) are adjusted to accept cookies we take this, and your continued use of our website, to mean that you are fine with this.
Should you wish to remove or not use cookies from our site you can learn how to do this below, however doing so will likely mean that our site will not work as you would expect.
More about our Cookies
Website Function Cookies
Our own cookies
We use cookies to make our website work including:
Allowing you to add comments to our site
There is no way to prevent these cookies being set other than to not use our site.
Third party functions
Our site, like most websites, includes functionality provided by third parties.
A common example is an embedded YouTube video.
Our site includes the following which use cookies:
YouTube -
Privacy Policy powers the videos on our site
Disabling these cookies will likely break the functions offered by these third parties
Turning Cookies Off
You can usually switch cookies off by adjusting your browser settings to stop it from accepting cookies (Learn how here).
Doing so however will likely limit the functionality of our's and a large proportion of the world's websites as cookies are a standard part of most modern websites
It may be that you concerns around cookies relate to so called "spyware".
Rather than switching off cookies in your browser you may find that anti-spyware software achieves the same objective by automatically deleting cookies considered to be invasive.
Learn more about managing cookies with antispyware software.
The cookie information text on this site was derived from content provided by Attacat Internet Marketing http://www.attacat.co.uk/, a marketing agency based in Edinburgh.
If you need similar information for your own website you can use their free cookie audit tool.
Copyright © 2020 Tenbury Town Band. All Rights Reserved.
Site Map.
Website Design by Activ Web Design