https://www.glyndebourne.com/cookie-policy/
* Select a date to view the available performances. Performance days have been highlighted.
Cookie policy
Cookie Policy
This Cookie Policy tells you what to expect when we collect information from you relating to your use of our website.
Some of the information may be personal information about you, and we outline in more detail below what we use this information for and why we collect it. This is collected by using a cookie file which will be stored on the hard drive of your computer.
We may also obtain non-personally identifiable information about your general internet usage by using cookie files.
We also use suppliers to improve our website which may also set cookies. A list of these suppliers and why we use them, along with links to their respective privacy policies are available on this page under the heading Third-Party cookies.
What are Cookies?
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more effectively. At the same time they provide information to the owners of thee website about your usage of their website.
Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard disk so that the website can remember who the user is. For example, they enable us to personalise the website by storing information about your preferences and help us to estimate usage of the website. You may refuse to accept cookies by deactivating them on your browser, for more detail on how to do this visit http://www.aboutcookies.org/.
Cookies set by us
The Glyndebourne website sets cookies to allow our website to function and for us to let you log-in and purchase tickets and items from the shop. These ‘first-party’ cookies all expire when you close your browser.
Session Cookie
This session cookie (which starts with SESS…) allows us to know you are the same person when you move from one page to the next, for both users who are logged in and also for some users who have not logged-in.
Greeting (greeting)
When you log-in, we store a greeting (usually your name) so that you know you are logged in as the right person when you continue to browse around the website or continue onwards to purchase tickets or items from our shop.
Ticket Expiration (_ticket_expiration_time)
When you add tickets or products to your basket, we set a cookie on your machine to ensure that we are able to correctly let you know when your basket will expire and your tickets will stop being reserved for you.
Basket Status (_basketnotempty)
When you add tickets to your basket, we set a cookie that logs that you have items in your basket and helps us to display the correct basket status to you when you then continue to browse around the website.
Membership Status (GBUL)
When you log-in, this cookie stores information that helps to show the correct page for your membership in periods of high demand. It expires when you close your web browser.
Javascript Status (has_js)
Our website sets this cookie which stores if you have a JavaScript enabled browser (which allows us to add progress bars to operations which might take a long time to process).
Third-Party Cookies
We use suppliers who also set cookies on behalf of our website to provide certain features on the website and help us to review how our customers usage of the website, details of which we have included below along with links to their respective privacy policies which will detail how these suppliers use data they collect in more detail.
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to determine how popular parts of our website are, to determine if you have been to the website before, and to securely and anonymously record the value of any purchases you make on our website. Google analytics sets cookies which will stay active for a number of years and identify on your computer that you have visited our website.
These cookies can be identified by their prefix of __u…. You can opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites you visit by installing a browser plugin at http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.
If you just want to find out more information about Google’s privacy policy then please click here:
http://www.google.com/intl/en/analytics/privacyoverview.html.
Vimeo
We use Vimeo for providing video trailers, opera clips and other videos across the website and within our Discover section. Vimeo sets cookies in videos that we embed. Vimeo sets cookies which may stay active for a number of years.
To find out more about embedding videos and Vimeo’s privacy policy please click here: http://vimeo.com/privacy
PostcodeAnywhere
We use PostcodeAnywhere to pre-fill your address information when you enter your postal code when making purchases from our website. PostcodeAnywhere sets cookies to remember your address and to compile anonymous, aggregated statistics.
To find out more about PostcodeAnywhere’s privacy policy please click here: http://www.postcodeanywhere.co.uk/privacy.aspx.
LiveHelpNow
We use LiveHelpNow to provide the Live Chat service on pages on our site. They set cookies to record the question you ask. Cookies they set expire when you close your browser.
To find out more about LiveHelpNow’s privacy policy please click here: http://www.livehelpnow.net/docs/legal/lhn-privacy-policy.pdf
Hotjar
Hotjar’s tools allow us to analyse what users do on our website. This cookie is set as soon as a user loads a page which contains the Hotjar code. The cookie contains a universally unique identifier (UUID) which allows Hotjar to track the same visitor across multiple pages and sessions. To find out more about Hotjars privacy policy please click here: https://www.hotjar.com/privacy
Here is a list of the Hotjar cookies used on the site:
hjClosedSurveyInvites
This cookie is set once a visitor interacts with a Survey invitation modal pop-up. It is used to ensure that the same invite does not re-appear if it has already been shown.
_hjDonePolls
This cookie is set once a visitor completes a Poll using the Feedback Poll widget. It is used to ensure that the same Poll does not re-appear if it has already been filled in.
_hjMinimizedPolls
This cookie is set once a visitor minimizes a Feedback Poll widget. It is used to ensure that the widget stays minimized when the visitor navigates through the site.
_hjDoneTestersWidgets
This cookie is set once a visitor submits their information in the Recruit User Testers widget. It is used to ensure that the same form does not re-appear if it has already been filled in.
_hjMinimizedTestersWidgets
This cookie is set once a visitor minimizes a Recruit User Testers widget. It is used to ensure that the widget stays minimized when the visitor navigates through your site.
_hjDoneSurveys
This cookie is set once a visitor completes a survey. It is used to only load the survey content if the visitor hasn’t completed the survey yet.
_hjIncludedInSample
This session cookie is set to let Hotjar know whether that visitor is included in the sample which is used to generate Heatmaps, Funnels, Recordings, etc.
_hjShownFeedbackMessage
This cookie is set when a visitor minimizes or completes Incoming Feedback. This is done so that the Incoming Feedback will load as minimized immediately if they navigate to another page where it is set to show.
AddThis
We use AddThis to enable the sharing of content on our website across social media channels and to offer newsletter signups to visitors browsing the site.
Privacy policy: https://www.addthis.com/privacy/privacy-policy
Opt out of AddThis: https://www.addthis.com/privacy/opt-out
Google DoubleClick
We use anonymized age, gender and interests data gathered from Google’s DoubleClick cookie. Google uses the DoubleClick cookie on AdSense sites, partner sites and certain Google services. Privacy policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-GB&gl=uk
YouTube (PISID / CONSENT / HSID / PREF / SID / VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE / YSC / s_gl)
These cookies allow the correct Youtube video playback and store User’s preferences when viewing YouTube videos. Privacy policy: https://www.youtube.com/static?template=privacy_guidelines
Facebook (145482329422570)
This is implemented so that Facebook can track page views and purchases. Privacy policy: https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
B (Oath)
The ID changes on every cookie. The ID parameter is added when the user gets the cookie.
This cookie is what Oath use to track everything for targeting (geo, frequency, cross-device, etc) and also track conversions or build retargeting cookie pools. Privacy policy: https://policies.oath.com/in/en/oath/privacy/index.html
List last updated – 25 May 2018
Accepting or declining Cookies set by us
Please be aware that if you do not accept Cookies you may not be able to use all aspects of our website, for example, to book tickets. In these circumstances, should you still wish to book tickets then please do call us on +44(0)1273 812321 and we will be happy to assist you over the telephone instead of via our website.
Lastly, please note that this policy does not cover any third party links contained within our website. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of those third parties when you link through to visit their website.
Contact details and updates
This information was correct at the time of writing (May 2018). We aim to keep this information as up-to-date as possible, but the cookies being set by some of our third-party suppliers may change over time without us noticing, so please review the respective privacy policies set out above.
If you want to contact us at any time in relation to this policy please do so at the following address:
Glyndebourne Productions Ltd
Glyndebourne
Lewes
BN8 5UU
Telephone Number: +44(0)1273 812321
© Glyndebourne Productions Limited, 2014
You might also like
Our history
The story of Glyndebourne Membership
As we move into the 70th anniversary of Glyndebourne Members…
Online art exhibition
Fair Ground - new works added
A new virtual exhibition showcasing the best of contemporary…
Video
Watch The Place Beyond Tomorrow
A new musical collaboration between young people in the UK a…
Safety
What we’re doing to keep everyone safe at Glyndebourne
Read our step-by-step guide to the autumn experience and fin…
Support us
COVID-19 emergency appeal
Glyndebourne is facing a devastating impact due to the loss …
Glyndebourne Shop
Our online shop offers a great selection of exclusive and locally sourced products. Every purchase supports our work.
Shop now
Become a Member
Enjoy priority booking for the Festival. Find out how you can join as an Associate Member
Join today
Support a 2021 production
Light the way for the return of our Festival season and support a 2021 production.
Find out more