https://www.swaturners.org/swat-privacy-policy.html
SWAT Privacy Policy
Privacy NoticeThis privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for the Southwest Association of Turners and our website: https://www.swaturners.org This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website, except where stated otherwise. It will notify you of the following:What information we collect;With whom it is shared;How it can be corrected;How it is secured;How policy changes will be communicated; andHow to address concerns over misuse of personal data. Information Collection, Use, and Sharing We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone. We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g., to ship an order.Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about upcoming events, specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy. Your Access to and Control Over Information You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number provided on our website:See what data we have about you, if any.Change/correct any data we have about you.Have us delete any data we have about you.Express any concern you have about our use of your data Sharing We may partner with another party to provide specific services. When the user signs up for these services, we will share names, or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services. These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.Security We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (e.g. billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers on which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.Cookies We use "cookies" on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor's hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance their experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.Links This web site may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.Surveys & Contests From time-to-time our site might request information via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Learn About SWATHomeSWAT EventsLead DemonstratorsRegional DemonstratorsSWAT LeadershipSupporting ChaptersSWAT HistorySWAT Family ProgramsWomen in TurningTurners-to-GoGalleriesBeads of CourageArt GalleryCandid ImagesVendorsRaffle Details
Gallery 2018
Enter your email address
I am 16+ years of age.
I have read & accept the privacy policy.
I understand that you may send me updates from time to time.
Sign Up!
SWAT 2018
Contact Us |Privacy Policy |
By-Laws | Terms and Conditions