http://www.localkaraoke.com/inc/privacylegal.htm
LocalKaraoke.Com Privacy and Terms of Use
PRIVACY POLICY
Your privacy is important to FRK Sites, including LocalKaraoke.com (LK). The information
collected at this site is intended to be used to better serve current and
potential customers. LK will not sell or distribute any personal information
collected at this site to any unaffiliated party without your consent, unless
doing so is required by law or necessary to protect or deliver our services,
enforce terms of service or to prevent a violation of someone’s rights. LK may
also exchange information with other companies and organizations for fraud
protection, credit risk reduction and collection activities.
When visiting our Web site, LK’s server gathers non-personal information
("cookies") for statistical and market research purposes. A cookie is a piece of
data stored on the user’s hard drive containing information about the user. The
information obtained from "cookies" is used to improve and update the site. This
information includes, but is not limited to, the type of browser, domain name,
and total visitors. Once you close your browser, the cookie will terminate.
Linked sites are not under the control of LK and LK is therefore not
responsible for the content or privacy policy, which may differ from the LK
policy, of any linked site. LK is providing these links as a convenience to its
visitors. LK reserves the right to terminate a link at any time. Third parties
are not authorized to include active links to the LK Web site without the
express written consent of LK.
Personal information is only required to sign-up for services with LK. Any
information provided will be used exclusively by LK, our agents, suppliers, and
third party service providers for internal use or to respond to your request.
LK may also release personal information in connection with joint marketing
efforts and strategic alliances. The LK site is not digitally secured.
By using the LK Web site you agree with our Privacy Policy. If you do not
accept the policy, please do not use our Web site. Revisions to the privacy
policy may be made without notice, at any time and for any reason. Changes will
be posted on the site. If you continue to use the LK Web site after an
amendment has been made, you agree to the new provisions.
TERMS OF USE
Please check these Terms of Use frequently, as FRK Sites / LocalKaraoke (LK) may
from time to time unilaterally amend the Terms of Use by posting revised
language on this site. The most up-to-date version of these Terms of Use will
always be available for your review on the Web site. Amendments will become
effective at the time they are posted on this Web site. Continued use of the Web
site after amendments are posted will constitute your acceptance of such
amendments.
LK may at any time modify or discontinue any aspect or component of the Web
site. If you breach any of these Terms of Use, we can terminate your right to
use the site. Upon termination, you agree to immediately delete or destroy any
downloaded or printed material obtained from the Web site.
LK provides a variety of information and services to our customers on the
website. Please browse through all of LK’s website to locate information of
interest to you. Unless specifically noted otherwise, all content on this
website is the property of LK and is protected under copyright and trademark
laws. You may view, copy, print, download and use content from LK’s website
solely for your personal, noncommercial use and provided that you keep
intact all copyright, trademark and other proprietary notices. However, you may
not use, modify, transmit, republish, upload, or distribute in any way the
content of LK’s website for public or commercial purposes, including the text,
images, and graphics, without the express written permission of LK.
Copyrights and Trademarks
All content on the Web site, including but limited to, all text, graphics,
artwork, logos, buttons, icons, images, and code, is the copyrighted property of
LK or other content suppliers and is protected by U.S. copyright laws. The
compilation of all content on this site is the exclusive property of LK and may
be protected by U.S. copyright laws. All information and content may not be used
without the express written consent of LK.
The trademarks, service marks, logos, graphics, page headers, button icons,
scripts, domain names, URLs, corporate and product names, and other identifiers
(collectively the "Trademarks") used and displayed on this Web site are
registered and unregistered Trademarks of LK. No display or use of such
Trademarks may be made without the express prior written permission of LK or
other Trademark owner, as the case may be. You may not use any meta tags or any
other "hidden text" utilizing LK’s name or Trademarks without the express prior
written permission of LK. Any unauthorized use of materials on this website may
violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and
communications regulations or statutes.
Limitation of Liability and Disclaimer
All materials on this Site are provided "as is" without any express or
implied warranty of any kind, including any warranty of merchantability or
fitness for a particular purpose. LK strives to provide you with correct and
accurate information, but LK does not warrant the accuracy or completeness of
the information, text, graphics, links or other items contained within the
materials. LK assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or
omissions in the content of the site. LK reserves the right to make changes to
this site and the materials contained herein at any time without notice.
Contact Us
FRK Sites and LocalKaraoke.com welcome any questions or comments you may have in
regards to the Privacy Policy or Legal Terms of Use. Please send any comments or
questions to:
webmaster@localkaraoke.com