https://www.harpcolumn.com/terms-and-conditions/
Login | Register
Navigate
News
Events
Forums
Listings
Harp Classifieds
Harp Teacher Directory
Summer Harp Camps
College Harp Programs
Magazine
Current Issue
Back Issue Archive
Featured
By Harp Column StaffOctober 30, 2020 0
New Issue Sneak Peek
Recent
October 30, 2020 0
Breton Brilliance
October 30, 2020 0
Go Get the Grant
October 30, 2020 0
COVID Quandaries
Subscribe
Account
My Account
Shopping Cart
This site (www.harpcolumn.com) is intended to be an informative, positive online environment for visitors of all ages, playing levels, harp types, and experience. By using this site, all users agree to the following terms. Terms may change at any time and it is the responsibility of users to be aware of the current terms.
General Posting Terms and Forum Etiquette
(The following terms pertain to both public and private content.)
Be respectful of all users and do not post negative comments of a personal nature, including comments about musical ability, physical appearance, or other personal characteristics.
Language and images of an adult, pornographic, cruel, or hateful nature are forbidden.
Groups of a hateful or illegal nature are forbidden.
Do not share copyrighted material without permission of the copyright holder or request copyrighted material from anyone who doesn’t have permission to distribute it.
Do not spam users by sending unsolicited private messages.
Do not cross-post the same thing in more than one place.
Keep forum posts on topic.
Do not post anything of a religious or political nature, with the exception of religious music as it pertains to the harp.
Other Terms
By using this site you agree not to:
post anything containing chain letters, pyramid schemes, multi-level marketing, or other solicitations of site users.
post anything about or seeking information about anything of an illegal nature.
use this site in a manner that is harmful to minors in any way.
use the site in a way that is hateful or discriminatory based on race, color, sex, religion, nationality, marital status, disability, sexual orientation, age, or is otherwise objectionable.
impersonate another person or misrepresent your affiliation with any person or entity.
Develop or utilize any code to interfere with the performance of or impair the functionality of this site.
Account Eligibility and Advertising
Users wishing to post in the forums, place classified ads, or subscribe to Harp Column magazine are required to register with their real name and a valid email address. Print magazine subscribers are also required to provide a valid postal mailing address.
Commercial user accounts are available solely to our current advertisers. Harp Column reserves the right to restrict or delete accounts that, in our opinion, are commercial in nature from entities who are not current print or web advertisers with Harp Column.
We welcome forum posts and other site content that pertains to playing the harp, new products, new publications, harp events, and new CD releases of general interest to the harp community. Forum posts and other content that is, in our opinion, blatantly advertorial in nature, not of general interest to the harp community, or excessive in number, are not allowed. Please purchase advertising space here.
Email lists and Privacy
Users who create an account at harpcolumn.com, enter one of our freebie giveaway, challenges, or subscribe to Harp Column magazine may be placed on our email list. Our email newsletters include general harp news, announcements about Harp Column editorial content, and new product and membership announcements from our sister sites Harp Column Music and Harp Column Academy. Users can unsubscribe from lists at any time by following the instructions in the email. We never sell or share our email list!
User responsibility
Harp Column and its site moderators reserve the right to edit or delete material that does not, in our opinion, conform to these terms, and to ban users who do not, in our opinion, uphold these terms. Forum threads that deteriorate in nature or become unproductive will be edited, closed, or deleted at moderator discretion.
Users are solely responsible for the accuracy of content they share with others on this site. Harp Column does not guarantee the accuracy of content posted by users. Users are solely responsible that they hold the copyright, or have obtained permission from the copyright holder, when posting copyrighted material. If you believe your work has been subject to copyright violation on harpcolumn.com, contact us immediately in writing.
Latest Podcasts
October 26, 2020 0
Harp Column Podcast Episode 69
September 23, 2020 0
Harp Column Podcast Episode 68
August 11, 2020 0
Harp Column Podcast Episode 67
go to podcasts
AHS COVID-19 ResourcesThe American Harp Society has put together a list of resources for harpists. The list includes "information, ideas and links to other sites that may be useful as harpists face professional, financial and personal challenges during the COVID-19 pandemic," according its blog. See the list here.
Popular Posts
December 30, 2016 91
30 Day Practice Challenge
December 11, 2017 28
30 Day Practice Challenge 2018
December 19, 2018 27
30 Day Practice Challenge 2019
December 4, 2019 13
30 Day Practice Challenge 2020
June 25, 2014 12
Here come the harpmobiles!
On the Forums—New Replies
balfour-knight on L&H Style 85 E vs. 85 CG 2 hours, 11 minutes ago
Karen on L&H Style 85 E vs. 85 CG 1 day, 3 hours ago
balfour-knight on L&H Style 85 E vs. 85 CG 1 day, 3 hours ago
Gretchen Cover on Seasonality to harp buying? 1 day, 16 hours ago
Karen on L&H Style 85 E vs. 85 CG 2 days ago
Newest ClassifiedsCamac Clio Extended 44 String Walnut Pedal Harp Elegant harp with impressive, resonant sound in like-new condition. Kept in home by original owner 70 miles from Houston, Texas.…[Read more]
Lyon & Healy Style 24, No. 691 w/Gilding Cir.1906 Rare to find a harp of this vintage age; it is in fairly good playable condition. The neck has warped…[Read more]
Lyon and Healy Prelude 38 Lyon & Healy Prelude 38. Built in 2000. Regulated and some strings replaced by Rachael Galbraith of L&H in October…[Read more]
Like New! Salvi 47 EX for Professional or Student A great deal! Hardly played but plays so easily. Big, even tone. Strings in great condition. No structural or cosmetic…[Read more]
×
Sign In
Log In
Lost password?
Log In
Don't have an account?
Register Now!
×
Recover Password
Recover Password
Recover
×
Register
Log In
A password will be e-mailed to you.
Anti-spam detection
Register