http://www.mtv.co.uk/legal/cookie-policy
Skip to main content
News
MTV News
Trending News
Videos & Interviews
Taylor Swift
Kim Kardashian
Music
Music Highlights
Music Videos
Charts
Playlists
EMAs
MTV PUSH
Artists
Shows
Latest Shows
The Charlotte Show
Geordie Shore
Ex on the Beach
Just Tattoo Of Us
Teen Mom UK
The Royal World
Movies
Movies Highlights
New Movies Coming Soon
Videos & Interviews
Trailers
Moana
Travel
Videos
Style
Life
Life
MTV Breaks
Sex
WTF
SRS
Travel
Fitness
Generation Change
Pictures
Win
MTV Play
TV Guide
Facebook
Twitter
Search
Cookie Policy
Effective: 25 May 2018
Our Privacy Policy explains what personal information we collect about you, how we use, store and share it, and your rights and choices concerning that information. This policy explains more about how Viacom International Media Networks UK Limited uses cookies and similar technologies and the choices available to you.
The Technologies We Use
Like most services, we use cookies and similar technologies, as follows:
Cookies are small data files stored on your browser or device. They may be served by the entity that operates the website you are visiting (these are called “first-party cookies”) or by other companies (which are called “third-party cookies”). For example, we partner with third-party analytics providers which set cookies when you visit our websites. This helps us understand how you and others are using our websites so that we can improve them.
Pixels are small images on a web page or in an email. Pixels collect information about your browser or device and can set cookies.
Local storage allows data about your browser or device to be stored locally on your browser or device and includes HTML5 local storage and browser cache.
SDKs are blocks of code provided by our partners that may be installed in our mobile applications. SDKs help us understand how you interact with our mobile applications and collect certain information about the device and network you use to access our applications, such as the advertising identifier associated with your device and information about how you interact with our applications.
How We Use Cookies and Similar Technologies
We and our advertising and analytics service providers use cookies, as described above, to recognize you when you visit our Services, and to collect information such as the number of visits, which features or pages are popular, measurements about the advertising campaign’s success, and other information about your browsing activities. This allows us to ensure our Services are functioning properly, to improve the Services, and to provide and measure advertisements. The purposes for which we and our partners use cookies and similar technologies generally fall into the following three categories:
Functional Cookies: Examples of these cookies include those that help ensure our services function properly, to remember your settings and preferences, such as your language preferences, to help identify and prevent security risks, or to help us understand and improve our services.
Performance Cookies: Examples of these cookies include those that collect information about how you interact with our services and personalize content for you.
Advertising and Social Cookies: Examples of these cookies include those that make advertising more relevant and meaningful to visitors to our services, or to share with others on social media platforms, such as Facebook or Twitter.
Your Choices
You have the following options to control or limit how we and our partners use cookies and similar technologies for advertising and analytics purposes:
Although most browsers and devices accept cookies by default, their settings usually allow you to clear or decline cookies. If you disable cookies, however, some of the features of our websites may not function properly.
To prevent your data from being used by Google Analytics, you can install Google’s opt-out browser add-on. You can also access your Google Ads settings to control what data Google uses to show ads to you.
For information on how our advertising partners allow you to opt out of receiving ads based on your web browsing history, please visit the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance and the Cookie Consent Tool.
Use your mobile device settings to control how data about your use of applications is used for purposes of showing ads that are targeted to your interests. For example, on your iOS device, enable the “Limit Ad Tracking” setting, and on your Android device, enable the “Opt Out of Ads Personalization” or “Opt Out of Interest-Based Ads” setting.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about our use of cookies and similar technologies, please contact us at:
Viacom International Media Networks UK Limited
Data Protection OfficerDataPrivacyRights@viacom.com
17-29 Hawley Crescent, London, NW1 8TT
Hit us with some keywords!