http://www.artsprofessional.co.uk/privacy/privacy-notice
Jump to navigation
Login
Register
Mobile menu
ArtsProfessional
News
Features
Jobs
Events & Training
Arts Courses Directory
Services Directory
Advertise
Subscribe
Search
Main menu
ArtsProfessional
Jobs
Events & Courses
Services Directory
Advertise
Subscribe
About Us
You are hereHome::Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
Following new data protection laws known as the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) which come into force from 25 May 2018, we have reviewed and updated all our data protection policies and privacy statements to reflect the new legal requirements.
Purpose of this privacy notice
This is privacy notice of Arts Intelligence Limited, which also trades as ArtsProfessional (also referred to as ‘AP’, ‘us’, ‘we’ and ‘our’).
We respect your privacy and are determined to protect your personal data. The purpose of this privacy notice is to give you information on how we collect and process your personal data through your use of this website, including any data you may provide through this website when you, for example, sign up for our email bulletin services, place a recruitment or event listing advertisement, make comments on our website, subscribe to our services, take part in a survey etc. We’ll also tell you about your privacy rights and how the data protection law protects you.
Our website is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.
You must read this privacy notice together with any other privacy notice we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data. This privacy notice supplements the other notices and is not intended to override them.
1. WHO WE ARE AND IMPORTANT INFORMATION
2. THE PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
3. HOW WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA
4. HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
5. WHO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA WITH
6. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
7. DATA SECURITY
8. DATA RETENTION
9. YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
10. CHANGES TO THIS NOTICE AND YOUR DUTY TO INFORM US OF CHANGES
11. QUERIES, REQUESTS OR CONCERNS
1. WHO WE ARE AND IMPORTANT INFORMATION
Data controller
Arts Intelligence Limited, publisher of the ArtsProfessional website is the controller and responsible for your personal data. Our contact details are ArtsProfessional, c/o Arts Intelligence Limited, PO Box 1010, Cambridge CB24 9WH. Our telephone number is 01223 200200. For all data matters contact AP Data Protection.
Third-party links outside of our control
This website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements.
When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit.
2. THE PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. You can find out more about personal data from the Information Commissioners Office.
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together:
Identity Data includes your title, first name, last name, username, date of birth, gender.
Contact Data includes your job title, employer, contact address, billing address, email address(es), telephone number(s).
Financial Data includes your bank account and / or credit card details.
Transaction Data includes details about payments to and from us and details of other products and services you have purchased from us.
Profile Data includes your username and password and may in future include your profile picture, social media handles and biography if you choose to provide them.
Technical Data includes your IP address, login data, browser type and version, location, operating system and platform and may include details of any other technology on the devices you use to access this website.
Marketing and Communications Data includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and your communication preferences.
Usage Data includes information about how you use our website, products and services.
We also collect, use and share aggregated data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated data may be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your usage data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature. However, if we combine or connect aggregated data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy notice.
We do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
If you fail to provide personal data
Where we need to collect your personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with goods or services). In this case, we may have to cancel a product or service you have with us but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
3. HOW WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We use different methods to collect data from and about you including through:
Directly. You may give us your identity, contact and financial data by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email, webform or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide when you:
Order our products or services;
Place a listing within one of our directories;
Create an account on our website;
Write articles for our website;
Comment on articles on our website;
Subscribe to our services or publications;
Take part in surveys or competitions;
Enrol for events;
Request email bulletins to be sent to you.
4. HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
Performance of Contract this means processing your data where it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract.
Legitimate Interest this means the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service/product and the most secure experience. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you and your rights before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests.
Comply with a legal or regulatory obligation this means processing your personal data where it is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation that we are subject to.
PURPOSES FOR WHICH WE WILL USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, with the legal bases we rely on to do so.
Purpose/Activity
Type of data
Lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest
To register you as a new customer
(a) Identity (b) Contact
Performance of a contract with you
To process and deliver your order
including:
(a) Manage payments, invoices, fees and charges
(b) Collect and recover money owed to us
(a) Identity (b) Contact (c) Financial (d) Transaction
Performance of a contract with you
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to recover debts due to us)
To manage our relationship with you which will include:
(a) Notifying you about changes to our terms or privacy policy
(b) Asking you to leave a review or take a survey or make a comment
(a) Identity (b) Contact (c) Profile (d) Marketing and Communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
(c) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated and to study how customers use our products/services)
To administer and protect our business and this website (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data)
(a) Identity (b) Contact (c) Technical
(a) Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganisation or group restructuring exercise)
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
To deliver relevant website and email content and advertisements to you and measure or understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you
(a) Identity (b) Contact (c) Profile (d) Usage (e) Marketing and Communications (f) Technical
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them, to grow our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
To use data analytics to improve our website, products/services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences
(a) Technical (b) Usage
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to define types of customers for our products and services, to keep our website updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
To make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may be of interest to you
(a) Identity (b) Contact (c) Technical (d) Usage (e) Profile
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop our products/services and grow our business)
Marketing
We strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly around marketing and advertising.
Promotional offers from us
We may use your Identity, Contact, Technical, Usage and Profile Data to form a view on what we think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which products, services and offers may be relevant for you.
You will receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us or purchased goods or services from us.
Third-party marketing
We will not share your personal data with any third-party company outside the Arts Intelligence Limited group of companies for marketing purposes. We do send occasional promotional or informational emails on behalf of our editorial or advertising partners from time-to-time. These partners and messages are carefully controlled both in number and relevance of the message. They are sent as part of our free email bulletin service to all self-registered recipients. Opting-in to receive such free bulletins includes implicit opt-in to those promotional and informational bulletins.
Opting out
You can instantly opt-in or opt-out of our free email bulletin services at any time by clicking the ‘opt-out’ link at the bottom of any bulletin at any time. Alternatively email AP Data Protection, telephone us on 01223 200200 or write to us at ArtsProfessional, c/o Arts Intelligence Limited, PO Box 1010, Cambridge CB24 9WH.
Where you opt out of receiving email bulletins, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of a product or service purchase or any other transactions.
Cookies
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this website may become inaccessible or not function properly. For more information about the cookies we use, please see our Cookies Policy.
Change of purpose
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact AP Data Protection.
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
5. WHO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA WITH
We may have to share your personal data with the parties set out below for the purposes set out in the table in paragraph 4 above.
our staff;
third party service providers and partners who assist and enable us to use the personal data to, for example, provide support to you;
deliver services or provide functionality on the website or services, or to market or promote our products and services to you;
regulators, law enforcement bodies, government agencies, courts or other third parties where we think it’s necessary or where the law or regulators require us to do so in order to comply with applicable laws or regulations, or to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights;
a potential buyer, their agents and advisers, in connection with an actual or proposed purchase, merger or acquisition of any part or all of our business;
other people where we have your consent.
We require all staff and third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our staff or third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
6. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
Some of our external third parties may be based outside the European Economic Area (EEA) so their processing of your personal data will involve a transfer of data outside the EEA.
Whenever we transfer your personal data out of the EEA, we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by implementing appropriate and internationally-recognised safeguards.
7. DATA SECURITY
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
8. DATA RETENTION
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
By law we have to keep basic information about our customers (including contact, identity, financial and transaction data) for six years after they cease being customers for tax and accounting purposes.
In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data: see Your legal rights below for further information.
In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
9. YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
Unless subject to an exemption under the data protection laws, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data:
The right to request a copy of the personal data which we hold about you;
The right to request that we correct any personal data if it is found to be inaccurate or out of date;
The right to request your personal data is erased where it is no longer necessary to retain such data;
The right to withdraw your consent to the processing at any time, where consent was the lawful basis for processing your data;
The right to request that we provide you with your personal data and where possible, to transmit that data directly to another data controller, (known as the right to data portability), where applicable (i.e. where our processing is based on consent or is necessary for the performance of our contract with you or where we process your data by automated means);
The right, where there is a dispute in relation to the accuracy or processing of your personal data, to request a restriction is placed on further processing;
The right to object to our processing of personal data, where applicable i.e. where processing is based on our legitimate interests (or in performance of a task in the public interest/exercise of official authority); direct marketing or processing for the purposes of scientific/historical research and statistics).
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact AP Data Protection.
No fee required – with some exceptions
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable admin fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
What we may need from you
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
Time limit to respond
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
10. CHANGES TO THIS NOTICE AND YOUR DUTY TO INFORM US OF CHANGES
This version was last updated on 22 May 2018 and historic versions may be obtained by contacting us.
From 25 May 2018 there will be changes in data protection laws (The General Data Protection Regulation – GDPR) and following this we will be able to respond to some of your requests (for example, a request for the transfer of your personal data). We are still working towards getting our systems ready for some of these changes.
Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us. It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current.
11. QUERIES, REQUESTS OR CONCERNS
To exercise all relevant rights, queries or complaints in relation to this policy or any other data protection matter between you and us, please in the first instance contact AP Data Protection.
If this does not resolve your complaint to your satisfaction, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioners Office on 03031231113 or via email https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/email/ or at the Information Commissioner's Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF, England, UK.
Search form
Search
Follow us on Twitter
ArtsProfessional
@ArtsPro
Follow @ArtsPro
#APNews: Despite the lockdown across England, advance ticket sales to UK venues during November were at their highe… t.co/nxbSyHRDX7
15 hours 9 min ago.
Reply Retweet Favorite