http://www.columbiaorchestra.org/privacy/
Events
2020-2021 Season
All Events
Orchestra Series
Chamber Series
Jazz Series
Gift Certificates
Rouse Theatre Seating Chart
Locations
Past Seasons
Behind the Music
Preludes
YouTube
Open Rehearsals
Support
Donate
Advertise
Sponsorship
Partners
Volunteer
Wish List
Planned Giving
About Us
About the Orchestra
About the CJB
In the Community
Board and Staff
Orchestra Members
Auditions
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Competitions
American Composer Competition
Young Artist Competition
At Home
Education
Ask Jason
Backstage Peeks
Website Privacy Statement for The Columbia Orchestra
Last Updated:
8/20/2018
The Columbia Orchestra (the “Orchestra”) is committed to protecting your privacy.
This Privacy Statement applies to data collected by the Orchestra website and the use of that data.
By using the Orchestra website, you consent to the policy described in this statement.
This policy does not apply to external sites that are linked from the Orchestra website.
The Orchestra is not responsible for the privacy policies of such external sites.
What information do we collect?
When you order tickets or make a donation through our website, we collect personally identifiable information such as your name, e-mail address, and phone number.
As with any other website, the Orchestra's web server automatically collects technical data about your connections to the website, such as your IP address, browser type, access times and referring Web site address.
These data are used by the Orchestra to maintain normal operation of the website.
As with many other websites, the Orchestra uses cookies to gather general statistics on visits to our website.
See "Use of Cookies" for more information.
How do we use your personal information?
The Orchestra does not sell, rent, or lease your personal information to third parties.
We use your information primarily to enact your transactions with the Orchestra, such as ticket sales and other purchases.
The Orchestra may also use this information to inform you of services available from the Orchestra or its affiliates that may be of interest, and to conduct surveys regarding current or potential services.
The Orchestra may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries.
In all such cases, the partners are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to the Orchestra, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
We use secure servers of an authorized billing processor, which are bound by our site policies, to gather and process your billing information, such as billing address and credit card number.
Your credit card number is used only for the specific transaction and is not retained once your transaction has been authorized and processed.
The Orchestra will disclose your personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on the Orchestra or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of the Orchestra; or, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the Orchestra, the personal safety of users of the Orchestra website or the public.
Security of your Personal Information
The Orchestra takes reasonable steps to protect your personal information from unauthorized access or disclosure, including storing this information in a controlled, secure environment. When you purchase tickets or make a donation, your billing information (such as your credit number) is encrypted and transmitted under Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protection.
Use of Cookies
Cookies are small files that are placed by your web browser (if you allow) onto your computer's hard disk when you visit certain websites. They are used by the web server to track certain information about your visit(s).
The Orchestra uses cookies to handle your order when you purchase tickets or make a donation, and to collect anonymous statistics on general website usage to help us better understand our visitor base.
Updates to this Statement
The Orchestra may occasionally update this Statement of Privacy.
The "last updated" date will be changed to reflect future updates.
Contact Information
Any questions regarding this Statement of Privacy may be directed to info@columbiaorchestra.org.
Office Location:
Howard County Center for the Arts
8510 High Ridge Road
Ellicott City, MD 21043
Phone: 410.465.8777
Email: info@columbiaorchestra.org
for members
Support the Columbia Orchestra
Help support Your Community's Music by making an online donation now.