http://www.rosewomersley.com/private-policy/
search
Home
ABOUT US
PRIVATE POLICY
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
CONTACT US
PRIVATE POLICY
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which laser path tech collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users of the http://www.rosewomersley.com  website.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
ROSEWOMERSLEY may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
To run and operate our Site
We may need your information display content on the Site correctly.
To improve customer service
Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
To send periodic emails
We may use the email address to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
Third party websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.
Changes to this privacy policy
ROSEWOMERSLEY has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will post a notification on the main page of our Site, revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please Contact Us.
about us
random posts
HOW DO YOU DEFINE TECHNOLOGY?
THE AMAZING WONDERS OF THE INTERNET
THE TREND ON SOCIAL MEDIA AND ON THE INTERNET NOWA...
recent comments
Recent Comments
Recent Posts
HOW DO YOU DEFINE TECHNOLOGY?
THE AMAZING WONDERS OF THE INTERNET
THE TREND ON SOCIAL MEDIA AND ON THE INTERNET NOWADAYS
Categories
Internet
Uncategorized
Archives
June 2017
March 2017
Digital TrendsOne of these women could be the first to step on the moon December 10, 2020NASA's newly unveiled team of Artemis astronauts likely includes the first woman and next man to step on the moon.Boeing 737 Max back in service 2 years after crashes grounded global fleet December 10, 2020Boeing’s 737 Max aircraft is flying commercial passengers again almost two years after it was grounded by two deadly crashes.Best Samsung Galaxy S20 FE screen protectors December 10, 2020The Samsung Galaxy S20 FE's gorgeous screen demands superior protection. Check out our pick of the best screen protectors available to keep it safe from harm.The best cheap Razer deals for December 2020: Laptops, monitors, and more December 10, 2020Looking for cheap Razer deals? Here are all the latest bargains Razer laptops, gaming accessories, and more.Best Buy laptop deals: The best offers for December 2020 December 10, 2020Shopping for a new laptop? Read on: We've rounded up the six hottest Best Buy laptop deals right here.The best cheap HP laptop deals for December 2020 December 10, 2020Need a new PC? Here are the best cheap HP laptop deals available right now, from 2-in-1s to gaming machines.Samsung’s new 110-inch MicroLED TV is a wall-gobbling monster December 10, 2020Samsung makes its first CES 2021 move, announcing a 110-inch version of its MicroLED tech that's made for use in the home.These are the best cheap Chromebook deals for December 2020 December 10, 2020Whether you want a compact laptop to enjoy some entertainment on the go, or you need a no-nonsense machine for school or work, we've smoked out the best cheap Chromebook deals -- from full-sized laptops to 2-in-1 convertibles -- that won't cost you an arm and a leg.Live to fight another day with this Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 zombie survival guide December 10, 2020Treyarch's Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 touts one of the most diverse Zombies modes ever released. Here are a few tips and tricks for staying alive in this mode.SpaceX’s Starship rocket flight test ends in a spectacular fireball December 10, 2020SpaceX successfully launched a prototype of its next-gen Starship rocket on Wednesday in its first high-altitude test. The landing, however, wasn't so great.
Designed by
Elegant Themes | Powered by
Wordpress