http://www.filmforum.org/privacy-policy
Skip to Content
Home
Now Playing
Coming Soon
Events
Trailers
Membership
Support
Shop
Podcast
About
209 West Houston St.
west of 6th Ave.
Map and Directions
212-727-8110
Tickets:
$9.00 Member
$15.00 Regular
Sidebar
General Information
Film Forum 209 West Houston St. west of 6th Ave.
Map and Directions
Box Office: 212-727-8110
Tickets: $9.00 Member $15.00 Regular
Streaming Support
Playing This Week
FRISATSUNMONTUEWEDTHU
Film Forum is temporarily closed. Our Virtual Cinema program brings new and repertory films, many of which we would otherwise present on our screens, to you via streaming.
Film Forum is temporarily closed. Our Virtual Cinema program brings new and repertory films, many of which we would otherwise present on our screens, to you via streaming.
Film Forum is temporarily closed. Our Virtual Cinema program brings new and repertory films, many of which we would otherwise present on our screens, to you via streaming.
Film Forum is temporarily closed. Our Virtual Cinema program brings new and repertory films, many of which we would otherwise present on our screens, to you via streaming.
Film Forum is temporarily closed. Our Virtual Cinema program brings new and repertory films, many of which we would otherwise present on our screens, to you via streaming.
Film Forum is temporarily closed. Our Virtual Cinema program brings new and repertory films, many of which we would otherwise present on our screens, to you via streaming.
Film Forum is temporarily closed. Our Virtual Cinema program brings new and repertory films, many of which we would otherwise present on our screens, to you via streaming.
Donate
Support Our Nonprofit Cinema
Buy a Membership
Renew a Membership
Buy a Gift Membership
Buy Gift Cards
Buy DVDs and other merchandise
Other ways to support Film Forum
Upcoming Events
Live Virtual Panel with Thomas Balmès, Filmmaker of SING ME A SONG
Sunday, December 13 at 2:00 PM EST
Get Email News
Our email newsletter comes to your inbox every week with Film Forum's upcoming films and events.
Sign up for email news
Calendars
Calendar PDF Archive
Join Our Calendar Mailing List
Search
Sign up for email news
Privacy Policy
Film Forum is committed to protecting your privacy. This policy discloses the privacy practices for what information we collect from you, how we use the information we collect, the security measures we take to protect your information, and how to contact us regarding the use of your information. By using our website (filmforum.org) or communicating with Film Forum by email, you agree to the terms of this privacy policy.
Our site may contain links to other websites or embedded content such as YouTube videos. Our privacy policy does not apply to information you provide once you leave the Film Forum website or when you view embedded content.
Information we collect
You may use the Film Forum website without submitting any personally identifiable information. We automatically collect information about your Internet connection, such as: the IP address used to connect to our site, the name of the website which linked you directly to our site, the date and time you access our site, and the pages you visit. This information does not identify you personally.
In order to purchase tickets, make a donation, or purchase merchandise or a membership online, Film Forum will ask you to register for an account or create a guest account, and provide personally identifiable information. This personal information includes your name, address and email address, telephone number, and credit card information. This information is necessary to process and service any transactions. Credit card information is temporarily stored on a secured server and is not retained. You may be asked for optional information about interests and communication preferences. We will retain the personally identifiable information you provide for our records.
The Film Forum website is intended for use by a general audience. We do not knowingly collect personal information from minors.
Use of the information we collect
Film Forum is the sole owner of the information collected on our site. We use non-personal information collected automatically to monitor the functionality of our website. We only have access to personal information that you voluntarily give us via aforementioned transactions on our site, or via direct contact with you.
We will use the information you provide to administer your Film Forum ticket orders, donations, merchandise and/or memberships, process payments submitted by you, administrate personalized services such as e-newsletters and postal mailings, and support strategic development. We will not sell this information to anyone.
Film Forum will occasionally share address information to related third party nonprofit organizations for one-time promotional usage. We do not share email addresses or telephone numbers. You may request not to share your address information at any time by contacting us at filmforum@filmforum.org.
Film Forum employs third parties to send e-newsletters and postal mailings. These parties are under contractual obligation not to use our data beyond what is necessary to perform their functions.
Data security
Film Forum employs Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption wherever we collect sensitive information, which ensures data is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify our SSL by looking for a lock icon in the address bar when you visit our site. Data is also protected offline by physical, electronic, and administrative security procedures.
Contact us regarding your information
You may opt out of any future communications from Film Forum at any time. If you have questions or concerns about our privacy policy, or to opt out of communications, please contact us at filmforum@filmforum.org, or write to us at:
Film Forum
c/o Director of Digital Media
209 West Houston Street
New York, NY 10014
Changes to this privacy policy
Film Forum may update this privacy policy at any time. The date of our most recent update will appear at the bottom of this statement.
Last updated: June 1, 2019