http://www.deathbygundam.com/privacy.php
Here is the Privacy Policy.
Privacy Policy
We pledge that we will not use information about you without your permission.
We pledge that we will provide the means for you to manage and control the information that you have provided to us.
We pledge that we will provide mechanisms for you to communicate your privacy concerns to us and that we will respond to them thoroughly and thoughtfully.
Coverage
This policy applies to sites whose URL starts with www.deathbygundam.com
Registration
You can visit deathbygundam.com and use many of our services without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. The majority of our services do not require any form of customer registration. However, During the registration process we require you to complete certain fields, request that you complete other fields and ask you to select a user name and password. For example, we ask for user contact information (such as first and last name, city & age). This contact information may be used for several things:
To welcome you to the deathbygundam.com network
To send you information regarding the deathbygundam.com Website
From time to time, we may run contests on our site in which we ask participants for contact information, such as their email addresses. If you participate in contests, your contact information will be used primarily to reach you in connection with the contests. We may also use the collected contact information to send you information about deathbygundam.com, our services, as well as offers tailored to your interests by our advertisers and sponsors. You may opt-out of receiving such mailings at the time of registration for the contest.
In certain special cases, we may disclose user information when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interfering with deathbygundam.com's rights, property or operations, other deathbygundam.com users, or anyone else who could be harmed by such activities. We may also disclose user information when we believe the law requires it, or in response to any demand by law enforcement authorities in connection with a criminal investigation.
Cookies and How deathbygundam.com Uses Them
A cookie is a small piece of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. We use cookies to help us provide customizable services and to allow you to sign-in to our site. For example, we can store your voting booth information in a cookie and this enables us to block polls you've already voted for. Cookies also make web surfing easier for you by saving your preferences while you're on our site.
deathbygundam.com uses one or more third party companies to serve advertisements at our site. These companies may use cookies to ensure that you do not see the same advertisements too often, but they also may collect information about you when you view or click an advertisement at our site. Cookies that are received with advertisements are read and placed by one of our advertising companies, and deathbygundam.com does not have access to them, nor can we control how they are used. Cookies may also be collected by deathbygundam.com partners on co-branded web sites, so please be aware of this as you visit these sites.
You can choose whether to accept the cookies that we send to you by changing the settings of your browser. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies, or to allow your browser to show you when a cookie is being sent. If you choose not to accept these cookies, your experience at our site may be diminished and some features will not work as intended.
Use of IP Addresses
An IP address is a set of numbers that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you log in to your internet service provider or through your company's LAN or WAN. Web servers - the big computers that provide web pages for viewing - automatically identify your computer by the IP address assigned to it during your session.
deathbygundam.com may collect IP addresses for purposes of system administration, to report aggregate user information to our advertisers, and to audit the use of our site. We do not ordinarily link a user's IP address to anything personally identifiable to that user, which means that your session will be logged, but you remain anonymous to us. However, we can and will use IP addresses to identify users of our site when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with our site's terms of use or terms of service, or to protect our service, site, or other users.
Security
deathbygundam.com operates secure data networks protected by industry standard firewall and password protection. deathbygundam.com has security measures in place to attempt to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of your user data under our control.
Only authorized employees have access to the information you provide us. For example, we impose strict rules on deathbygundam.com employees who have access either to the databases that store user information or to the servers that host our services. While we cannot guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration to data will not occur, we make every effort such as the use of employee passwords and non-disclosure agreements, to prevent such unfortunate occurrences.
Contacting Us
If you have questions about this privacy policy or the practices of this site, please use the Contact Form
deathbygundam.com reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time, with or without notice. All changes will be posted to this page.