http://www.classic-tv.com/privacy-policy
Shows all your favs
Back
View All TV Shows
Shows By Decade
Back
1950's Shows
1960's Shows
1970's Shows
1980's Shows
1990's Shows
2000's Shows
Shows By Genre
Back
Action
Comedy
Drama
Medical
Military
Police
Sci-Fi
Sitcoms
Spy
Westerns
Shows By Network
Back
ABC
CBS
FOX
NBC
Cartoons
Watch old episodes
Features articles & extras
Back
Featured Articles
Theme Songs
Back
Top Billboard Themes
Theme Song Composers
Theme Song Radio
Most Watched Finales
Top 100 Shows
Season Ratings
Episode Lists
Back
Past TV Schedules
Episode Guides
Cast Bios
Today In TV History
Tonight's TV Schedule
Holiday TV Guide
Back
Christmas
Back
2020 Christmas & Holiday TV Schedule
Holiday Specials On DVD
Best Christmas TV Episodes
Best Christmas / Holiday TV Specials
Thanksgiving
Back
Best Thanksgiving TV Episodes
All Thanksgiving Episodes
Halloween
Back
2020 Halloween TV Schedule
Best Halloween Episodes
Halloween Episodes & Specials List
Buy TV Shows On DVD
Site Menu - Please make a selection TV Shows Watch Episodes Cartoons Shop Past TV Schedules Season Ratings Episode Guides
Privacy Policy
Attention Visitors: The Classic TV Database has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site: The Classic TV Database Information Automatically Logged We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site. Cookies
Our Site uses cookies to save your password so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit our site. Advertisers We use an outside ad company to display ads on our site. These ads may contain cookies. While we use cookies in other parts of our Web site, cookies received with banner ads are collected by our ad company, and we do not have access to this information. Third Party Advertising We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here. Third Party CookiesIn the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique “cookie” on your browser.DoubleClick DART cookie: Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy. Personal Information
This Web site does not request any personal information or collect any information that personally identifies you or allows you to be personally contacted. Since we do not collect any personal information on this Web site, we do not share any personal information with any third parties nor do we use any personal information for any purposes. External Links This site contains links to other sites. The Classic TV Database is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites. Public Forums This site makes chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information. Security This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. Children's Guidelines We care about children and understand that they have special privacy needs. Therefore, we have adopted the following privacy policy regarding children:
We will NOT collect, use, or distribute to third parties personally identifiable information without prior verifiable parental consent. We will NOT give the child access to unmonitored chat rooms, message boards, email accounts, or other services that would give the child the ability to publicly post or otherwise distribute personally identifiable information without prior verifiable parental consent When verifiable parental consent is not obtained, we will only use the online contact information (such as email) to: Respond directly to the child's request on a one-time basis and not use that information to re-contact the child for other purposes. Request the name or online contact information of a parent for the purpose of obtaining verifiable parental consent or providing parental notification. Respond more than once directly to a specific request from a child (such as in the case where a child requests a newsletter subscription) and not used to re-contact the child for other purposes. We will use our best efforts to provide parental notification, which will include the nature and intended use as well as an opportunity for the parent to prevent the use of the information and participation in the activity. We will NOT entice the child to divulge more information than is needed to participate in any activity, game, or service. We will provide the parent a description of the specific types of a personally identifiable information collected from their child upon request. We will allow the parent to refuse further use or future online collection of personally identifiable information and provide a way for a parent to obtain any personally identifiable information collected from their child. We will provide notice to children in age appropriate terms of what personally identifiable information is to be collected. We will NOT provide any links to Web sites that are unsuitable for children. We will encourage children to get their parent's permission before sharing personal information online.
back to top
2020 Christmas TV Guide 2020 Christmas & Holiday TV Schedule Best Christmas TV Episodes Best Christmas TV Specials Buy Holiday Specials on DVD
Stay Tuned In & Follow Us
Like Us On Facebook
Follow Us On Twitter Buy Classic TV Shows on DVD
Recently Added TV Shows
The Partridge Family
Las Vegas
L.A. Law
Advertise With Us | Copyright Info | Privacy Policy | Sitemap