http://www.festivals.com/privacy
Plan Festivals & Want to Advertise Them? Click Here »
Login
Toggle navigation
HOME
FESTIVALS
ARTICLES
SEARCH
All Festivals
Arts
Art
Book
Fashion
Film / Movie / Photo
History
Performing Arts
Tattoo
Auto
Business
Business
Conference / Convention
Networking
Technology
Tradeshow
Comedy Show
Community
Community / Social
Family & Kids
Fundraiser
Local / Fair
Parade
Pets
School & College
Education
Food / Wine / Beer
Health & Wellness
Holiday
4th of July
Cinco de Mayo
Father's Day
Halloween
Labor Day
Memorial Day
Mother's Day
New Year's Eve
President's Day
Religious
St. Patrick's Day
Valentines Day
Other
Home & Garden
Music
Organization / Group
Other / General
Outdoor / Recreation
Politics / Activism
Religion / Spirituality
Seasonal
Fall
Harvest
Oktoberfest
Spring
Winter
Sports / Fitness
SERVICES
Advertise
Sell Tickets
Upgrade Festivals
Contact Us
Near Me
SUBMIT
WELCOME! The new Festivals.com is now live.
Our goal is simple:
to have a one-stop place for you to find out about great festivals and to allow promoters
to easily post & advertise their special events & festivals on our website with our self service tools.
If you have any questions or need to reach out to us, please contact us.
Thanks - enjoy!
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: July 11, 2017
About Festivals.com:
Welcome to Festivals.com, powered & owned by UpcomingEvents.com LLC. UpcomingEvents.com LLC ("Festivals.com", "we", "us" and/or
"our") enables people to plan, promote, and find out about festivals and special events.
And we make it easy for everyone to discover events, and to share the events
they are attending with the people they know. We do this through our websites
and domains, the services available on or through our websites and domains or
otherwise provided by us, and the software available on or through our websites
and domains or otherwise provided by (collectively, the "Services").
Our Policy:
This Privacy Policy sets forth our
policy with respect to information, including personally identifiable information
("Personal Data"), that is collected from users of and/or visitors to
the Services (including through those users' and visitors' agents)
("you" or "your"), including (i) registered users who are
event organizers, planners and charitable organizations
("Organizers"), (ii) users who want to possibly attend events (whether free or paid) listed by Organizers on the
Services ("Buyers"), and (iii) other non-Organizer users or visitors
to the Services ("other non-Organizers").
We take the privacy of your Personal
Data and other information seriously. Because of that, we have created this
Privacy Policy. Please read this Privacy Policy as it includes important
information regarding your Personal Data and other information.
If you have any questions or concerns,
please do not hesitate to contact us at UpcomingEvents.com LLC, 100 Springdale
Road, Suite A3 #306, Cherry Hill, New Jersey 08003.
Consent:
By using the Services or allowing
someone to use the Services on your behalf, you are consenting to our
collection, use, disclosure, transfer and storage in accordance with this
Privacy Policy of any Personal Data or other information received by us as a result
of such use.
Information We Collect:
When you interact with us through the
Services, we may collect Personal Data and other information from you, as
further described below:
Personal Data:
Event and other Organizers: We collect
Personal Data from you when you voluntarily provide such information to the
Services, such as when you register for access to the Services as an Organizer,
contact us with inquiries, respond to one of our surveys or use certain
Services. The Personal Data we may collect includes without limitation your
name, address, email address and other personally identifiable information. In
some cases we may collect your credit card information (e.g., your credit card
number and expiration date, billing address, etc.), some of which may
constitute Personal Data, to secure certain payments. In addition, if you use
our payment processing services, we will collect financial information from you
(e.g., your bank account information or an address to send checks) as necessary
to facilitate payments and information required for tax purposes (e.g., your
taxpayer identification number).
Buyers, event attendees, site visitors,
and other non-Organizers: We collect Personal Data from you when you
voluntarily provide such information to the Services (including event
registration pages within the Services), such as when you register for access
to the Services (whether as an Organizer or otherwise), register for an event
as a Buyer, contact us with inquiries, respond to one of our surveys or use certain
parts of the Services. The Personal Data we may collect includes without
limitation your name, address, email address, zip code and other personally
identifiable information. If you register for a paid event, we will collect
financial information from you (e.g., your credit card number and expiration
date, billing address, etc.) some of which may constitute Personal Data. In
addition, Organizers can set up event registration pages to collect virtually
any information from Buyers in connection with registration for an Organizer's
event listed on the Services. If a Buyer voluntarily provides that information
in connection with registration for an event or otherwise, it will be available
to us and will be held by us in accordance with this Privacy Policy. In
addition, such information will be delivered to the Organizer of the applicable
event in accordance with "Our Disclosure of Information That We Collect:
Organizers" below.
Non-Personal Data:
Non-Identifiable Data: When you interact
with the Services, we collect certain personally non-identifiable information
("Non-Personal Data"). The Non-Personal Data we collect includes
without limitation Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, Internet browser type,
other characteristics of your device and software, domain names of your
Internet Service Provider, your approximate geographic location, a record of
your usage of the Services, the time of your usage and aggregated Personal Data
that cannot be used to specifically identify you. Such information, which is collected
passively using various technologies, cannot, in and of itself, be used to
specifically identify you. We also collect Non-Personal Data (including,
without limitation, of the type set forth above) from third parties. The
information we collect from third parties may be combined with the information
we collect.
Aggregated Personal Data: In an ongoing
effort to better understand and serve the users of the Services, we often
conduct research on our customer demographics, interests and behavior based on
Personal Data and other information that we have collected. This research may
be compiled and analyzed on an aggregate basis and this aggregate information
does not identify you personally and therefore is considered and treated as
Non-Personal Data under this Privacy Policy.
Cookies, Pixels Tags, Local Shared Objects, Web Storage and Similar Technologies:
Certain information is collected automatically from You when You interact
with the Site. This can be done through the use of software or other automated
processes that our websites
use. However, Festivals.com does NOT use such
automated processes to collect personally identifiable information such as Your
name, contact information or financial information from You, and we do not
permit third parties (e.g. advertising networks) to use automated processes to
collect personally identifiable information on the Site.
Our Site, like many websites on the Internet, uses "cookies." A
cookie is a small text file automatically placed on Your computer's web browser
that is used to recognize users who have previously visited the our site. In
general, these cookies are either persistent and may reside on Your computer
for several months or longer after You last accessed our site (unless You
delete or otherwise dispose of them), or they may be more temporary in nature.
Our site generally uses persistent cookies but may also use temporary cookies
called "session cookies," which are stored for a single user session
on the Site and are deleted as soon as the user's browser is shut down.
We use cookies for purposes that include, but are not limited to, keeping
track of Your purchases and other activities on the Site, delivering content
specific to Your interests, and if You choose, saving other personal and financial
information so You do not have to re-enter it each time You visit our site. We
do this to enhance Your experience on our site and to make it as easy to use as
possible.
[Third-party advertisers and advertising networks on the Site may also place
their own cookies on Your browser and collect information directly from You in
this manner, although they do not have access to cookies set by the Site. These
third party cookies are set to, among other things, help deliver advertisements
to You that You might be interested in (both on our Site and other websites
that you may visit in the future), to prevent you from seeing the same
advertisements too many times and to conduct research regarding the usefulness
of certain advertisements to You. The use of these cookies and other automated
technologies by such third parties to collect information are governed by each
third party's specific privacy policy, not this one.
If you do not wish to accept cookies, you can usually set your browser to
decline them, and if You wish to delete or disable cookies previously placed on
your computer, the "help" portion of the toolbar on most browsers
will tell You how to do so. Please note, however, that if You choose to set
Your browser to decline, delete or disable cookies, You may not be able to
access certain areas of our site.
Like most websites, each time You visit the Site, We automatically collect
Your "internet protocol" ("IP") address (and the website
address that directed You to Us, when applicable). An IP address is a unique
series of numbers that identifies each computer connected to the Internet. An
IP address can be used to provide information such as the date and time of a
user's visit, the availability of certain requested files, the popularity of
various website functions, and the amount of information transmitted to each
user from a site. Presently, We use Your IP address to help identify You, to
gather demographic information, to note the frequency of Your visits to this
Site and to determine the frequency with which certain pages and functions of
the Site are accessed. This allows Us to improve the Site's functionality and
to diagnose problems.
In addition to cookies, We or Our service providers may use web beacons,
pixels and similar technologies on our Site and in e-mail messages or
newsletters. These tiny electronic images can be used to assist Us in
determining how many users have visited certain pages or opened messages or
newsletters. However, We do NOT use these images to collect personally
identifiable information.
Finally, We may also use automated processes to collect statistical
information about the behavior of visitors to the Site on an aggregated,
anonymous basis, i.e., that does not identify You as the subject or source of
the information.
Our Use of Information That We Collect:
Personal Data:
We use the Personal Data we collect in a
manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. We may use the Personal
Data as follows:
Specific Reason: If you provide
Personal Data for a certain reason, we may use the Personal Data in
connection with the reason for which it was provided. For instance, if you
contact us by e-mail, we will use the Personal Data you provide to answer
your question or resolve your problem and will respond to the email address
from which the contact came.
Access and Use: If you provide
Personal Data in order to obtain access to or use of the Services or any
functionality thereof, we will use your Personal Data to provide you with
access to or use of the Services or functionality and to monitor your use
of such Services or functionality. For instance, if you supply payment
information (e.g., bank account or credit card information) to the
Services for the purpose of purchasing tickets as a Buyer or processing
payments as an Organizer, we will use that information to facilitate such
purchase or process such payments.
Internal Business Purposes: We may
use your Personal Data for internal business purposes including without
limitation to help us improve the content and functionality of the
Services, to better understand our users, to improve the Services, to
protect against, identify or address wrongdoing, to enforce our Terms of
Service, to manage your account and provide you with customer service, and
to generally manage the Services and our business.
Marketing: We may use your Personal
Data to contact you in the future for our marketing and advertising
purposes, including without limitation to inform you about services or
events we believe might be of interest to you, to develop promotional or
marketing materials and provide those materials to you, and to display
content and advertising on or off the Services that we believe might be of
relevance to you. In particular, Organizers should note that we may use
information we receive or collect regarding Buyers (including without
limitation via an Organizer's event registration page) in accordance with
the terms of this Privacy Policy, including in the manner set forth above.
Organizer Emails: We allow Organizers to use our email system and
we provide them with Buyers' contact information to contact Buyers for their
current and past events, so you may receive emails from our system or other
contacts that originate with such Organizers.
Special Contest and Offers: If you provide
Personal Data to sign up for a special offer, contest, or other type of similar offering,
your Personal Data may be used connection with that offering. For instance, if you
sign up to receive a free vacation, your personal Personal Data may be used by us or
the company offering the free vacation to contact you or for future correspondance.
If we intend to use any Personal Data in
any manner that is not consistent with this Privacy Policy, you will be
informed of such anticipated use prior to or at the time at which the Personal
Data is collected or we will obtain your consent subsequent to such collection
but prior to such use.
Non-Personal Data:
Because Non-Personal Data cannot be used
to personally identify you, we may use such information for any lawful purpose.
Our Disclosure of Information That We Collect:
Personal Data:
We are not in the business of selling
your Personal Data. We consider this information to be a vital part of our
relationship with you. Therefore, we will not sell your Personal Data to third
parties, including third party advertisers. There are, however, certain
circumstances in which we may disclose, transfer or share your Personal Data
with certain third parties without further notice to you, as set forth below:
Business Transfers: As we develop our
business, we might sell or buy businesses or assets. In the event of a
corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event, Personal
Data may be part of the transferred assets. You acknowledge and agree that any
successor to or acquirer of Festivals.com (or its assets) will continue to
have the right to use your Personal Data and other information in accordance
with the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Subsidiaries and Affiliates: We may also
share your Personal Data with our subsidiaries and/or affiliates for purposes
consistent with this Privacy Policy. Our subsidiaries and affiliates will be
bound to maintain that Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Agents, Consultants and Related Third Parties: We, like many businesses, sometimes engage other companies to perform
certain business-related functions. Examples of such functions include mailing
information, ticket fulfillment, fraud prevention, maintaining databases and
processing payments. When we engage another company to perform such functions,
we may provide them with information, including Personal Data, in connection
with their performance of such functions.
Organizers & Event Partners: When you purchase tickets
to, register for, or donate to an event on the Services, you consent to our
providing your Personal Data to the Organizers of such event and those that may
partner with the Organizer for the Event. These Organizers
are not bound to treat your Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy
Policy.
You agree that UpcomingEvents.com LLC is not responsible for the actions of these
Organizers & Event Partners with respect to your Personal Data. It is important that you review
the applicable policies of the Organizers & Event Partners of an event (and the Organizer's
& Event Partner's
website, if applicable) before providing Personal Data or other information in
connection with that event.
Facebook and Other Third Party Connections: You may, at certain times, connect your Festivals.com account
to your accounts on third party services like Facebook, in which case we may
collect, use, disclose, transfer and store information relating to your account
with such third party services in accordance with this Privacy Policy. For
example, if you connect with Facebook, we store your Facebook id, first name,
last name, email, location, friends list and profile picture and use them to
connect with your Facebook account to provide certain functionality on the
Services, like recommending events that your Facebook friends are interested in
and sharing the events you are interested in with certain groups of people like
your Facebook friends.
Legal Requirements: We may disclose your
Personal Data if required to do so by law (including, without limitation
responding to a subpoena or request from law enforcement, court or government
agency) or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary (i) to comply
with a legal obligation, (ii) to protect or defend our rights, interests or
property or that of third parties, (iii) to prevent, investigate, or identify
possible wrongdoing in connection with the Services, (iv) to act in urgent
circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the Services or the
public, or (v) to protect against legal liability.
Non-Personal Data:
Because Non-Personal Data cannot be used
to personally identify you, we may disclose, transfer or share Non-Personal
Data for any lawful purpose.
Your Choices:
You have several choices available when it comes to your Personal Data:
Limit the Personal Data You Provide:
You can use the Services without providing any Personal Data or with limiting the
Personal Data you provide. If you choose not to provide any Personal Data or
limit the Personal Data you provide, you may not be able to use certain
functionality of the Services. For instance, in order to open an account, or
buy or sell tickets, your name, email address, and other personal information will
be required.
Opt Out:
You can "opt out" of
receiving Festivals.com newsletter emails by clicking the "Unsubscribe"
link at the bottom of any email you receive from us. In the event an Organizer
uses our system to email you, you will be able to "opt out" of
receiving those communications as well. Please note that if you unsubscribe
from receiving a particular Organizer's emails, you will no longer receive emails
from the particular Organizer that are sent through our system (but you may
still receive emails sent by that Organizer through means other than our
system), however, you will still receive Festivals.com communications and
communications from other Organizers whose events you have attended or are
registered to attend or who have otherwise obtained your email address.
Likewise, if you unsubscribe from our communications you will continue to
receive communications from Organizers. So you may have to unsubscribe from
multiple emails before you stop receiving all communications. Note that you
cannot unsubscribe from update communications about the Services. You can stop
receiving Service communications only by contacting us at
UpcomingEvents.com LLC, 100 Springdale Road, Suite A3 #306, Cherry Hill, New Jersey 08003
and closing your account. By electing
to stop receiving all communications from us or through our system you will no
longer receive any updates on your account or on events you are registered to
attend or have previously attended, including communications regarding refunds.
We do not recommend that you do this unless you plan to no longer use the
Services, are not currently registered for an event, are not currently
organizing an event and will have no need to receive further communications
from us or through our system. Even after you opt out of all communications, we
will retain your Personal Data and Non-Personal Data in accordance with this
Privacy Policy, however, we will no longer use it to contact you. However,
Organizers who have received your Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy
Policy may still use that Personal Data to contact you in accordance with their
own privacy policies, but they may not use our system to do so.
Do Not Track:
We currently do not participate in any "Do Not Track" frameworks that would allow us to
respond to signals or other mechanisms from you regarding the collection of
your Personal Data.
Exclusions:
This Privacy Policy does not apply to
any Personal Data collected by us other than Personal Data collected through
the Services. This Privacy Policy shall not apply to any unsolicited
information you provide to us or another user or visitor through the Services
or through any other means. This includes, but is not limited to, information
posted to any public areas of the Services, such as bulletin boards, any ideas
for new products or modifications to existing products, claim or demand
letters, Digital Millennium Copyright Act notices, and other unsolicited
submissions (collectively, "Unsolicited Information"). All
Unsolicited Information shall be deemed to be non-confidential and we shall be
free to reproduce, use, disclose, distribute and exploit such Unsolicited
Information without limitation or attribution.
Children:
We do not knowingly collect Personal
Data from children under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, please
do not submit any Personal Data through the Services. We encourage parents and
legal guardians to monitor their children's Internet usage and to help enforce
our Privacy Policy by instructing their children never to provide Personal Data
through the Services without their permission. If you have reason to believe
that a child under the age of 13 has provided Personal Data to us through the
Services, please contact us, and we will endeavor to delete that information
from our databases.
Links to Other Web Sites:
This Privacy Policy applies only to the
Services. The Services may contain links to other websites not operated or
controlled by us (the "Third Party Sites"). The policies and
procedures we described here do not apply to the Third Party Sites. The links
from the Services do not imply that we endorse or have reviewed the Third Party
Sites. We suggest contacting those sites directly for information on their
privacy policies.
Storage and Security:
We may store Personal Data itself or
such information may be included in databases owned and maintained by our
affiliates, agents or service providers. We take what we believe to be reasonable
steps to protect the Personal Data provided via the Services from loss, misuse,
unauthorized access, inadvertent disclosure, alteration, and destruction.
However, no Internet or e-mail transmission is ever fully secure or error free.
In particular, e-mail sent to or from the Services may not be secure.
Therefore, you should take special care in deciding what information you send
to us via e-mail. Please keep this in mind when disclosing any Personal Data
via the Internet.
International Privacy Laws:
If you are visiting our website from
outside the United States, please be aware that you are sending information
(including Personal Data) to the United States where our servers are located.
We will hold and process your Personal Data and Non-Personal Data in accordance
with privacy laws in the United States and this Privacy Policy. Please note
that privacy laws in the United States may not be the same as, and in some
cases may be less protective than, the privacy laws in your country.
Other Terms and Conditions:
Your access to and use of the Services
is subject to the Terms of Service.
Changes to This Privacy Policy:
The Services and our business may change
from time to time. As a result, at times it may be necessary for us to make
changes to this Privacy Policy. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion,
to update or modify this Privacy Policy at any time (collectively,
"Modifications"). Modifications to this Privacy Policy will be posted
to the Privacy Policy residing on the Festivals.com website with a change
to the "Last Updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy. In
certain circumstances Festivals.com may, but need not, provide you with
additional notice of such Modifications, such as via email or with in-Service
notifications. Modifications will be effective 30 days following the "Last
Updated" date or such other date as communicated in any other notice to
you. Please review this policy periodically, and especially before you provide
any Personal Data. This Privacy Policy was last updated on the date indicated
above. Your continued use of the Services following the effectiveness of any
Modifications to this Privacy Policy constitutes acceptance of those
Modifications. If any Modification to this Privacy Policy is not acceptable to
you, your sole remedy is to cease accessing, browsing and otherwise using the
Services.
Access to Information:
Organizers may access and update their
Personal Data being stored by us by logging in and visiting their Dashboard
page. Organizers may also contact us directly at the address specified below
with respect to Personal Data that is not accessible through the Dashboard
page. Buyers and other non-Organizers do not have a formal account with Festivals.com.
Buyers and other non-Organizers can also contact us directly with requests to
update Personal Data at the address specified below. We will take reasonable
steps to respond to requests relating to Personal Data within 30 days, however,
we may reject requests that we find to be unreasonable (i.e., require
disproportionate efforts or material changes to our information systems),
impractical or abusive (i.e., repetitive requests, requests made in bad faith,
requests that would compromise third party information). Note that you may not
have access to or the ability to update Non-Personal Data, much of which is
held in aggregate form.
Retention and Deletion:
We may retain your Personal Data as long
as you continue to use the Services. You may close your account by contacting
us. However, we may retain Personal Data and Non-Personal Data for an
additional period as is permitted or required under applicable laws. Even if we
delete your Personal Data it may persist on backup or archival media and other
information systems.
Contacting Festivals.com:
Please also feel free to contact us if you have any questions about this
Privacy Policy, our information practices, or for any other reason so desired.
You may contact us by writing to UpcomingEvents.com LLC, 100 Springdale Road,
Suite A3 #306, Cherry Hill, New Jersey 08003 or click "Contact Us"
at the top of this website.
Social Media
Follow Us
Festivals by Tag
Art
Book
Fashion
Film / Movie / Photo
History
Performing Arts
Tattoo
Auto
Business
Conference / Convention
Networking
Technology
Tradeshow
Comedy Show
Community / Social
Family & Kids
Fundraiser
Local / Fair
Parade
Pets
School & College
Education
Food / Wine / Beer
Health & Wellness
4th of July
Cinco de Mayo
Father's Day
Halloween
Labor Day
Memorial Day
Mother's Day
New Year's Eve
President's Day
Religious
St. Patrick's Day
Valentines Day
Other
Home & Garden
Music
Organization / Group
Other / General
Outdoor / Recreation
Politics / Activism
Religion / Spirituality
Fall
Harvest
Oktoberfest
Spring
Winter
Sports / Fitness
Login
Register
Sign In via Facebook
Sign In via Google
Or, Login Using Your Festivals.com Account
E-mail
Valid Email Address Required
Password
Show
Password Required
Forgot your password?
Register via Facebook
Register via Google
Or, Register For a Festivals.com Account
E-mail
Valid Email Address Required
Password
Show
Password Required
Confirm Password
Show
Please Confirm Password
I agree to the Terms
Can't remember your password? Please enter your email address below and we will email you a link to create a new one.
E-mail
Back to log-in
Close
Festival Newsletter Subscribe
Receive the latest news & updates for the top festivals nearby that you want to know about!
Subscribe
The BEST Festivals
Mountain Music Festival
Jun 3
Oak Hill, WV
Clearwater Credence Revival
Mar 30
Salisbury, WIL
Songs From A Stable with Alistair Griffi...
Dec 12
London, London