http://www.pierrecardin.com/legal
Pierre Cardin
Pierre Cardin
World
Workshops
Designer
Museum
Contact
Français
Data protection policy
Cookies menu
© 2020 Legal notice
Pierre Cardin
Legal
Menu
Privacy
-
Cookies
-
Legal notices
LEGAL NOTICE
pierrecardin.com
Pierre Cardin official website
1. Publisher
Ownership: This site is the property of the Company Société de Gestion Pierre Cardin, a simplified joint-stock company, registered in the Paris Trade and Companies Register under number 732 037 056
Registered office: 59 rue du Faubourg Saint Honore, 75008 Paris, France
Director of publication: Pierre Cardin
Contact: contact@pierrecardin.com
2. Host
Host: SARL Aqueos
2bis rue Alfred Nobel
77420 Champs-Sur-Marne
09 74 76 34 27
Communication Agency: RC1 – Aquelia – +33 (0) 1 49 26 02 08
3. Participants
Concept, artistic direction, project management: Anna-Livia Cardin-Gomart
Graphic Design: Nathalie Lothier / Bureaubureau
Development: Dmytro Ivashchenko
Photographs: Pierre Cardin Archives
Videos: Régine Cardin
4. Intellectual property
The website
The website is a work of the mind protected by the laws of intellectual property.
This site and all elements, brands, drawings, models, photographs, texts, illustrations, logos, animated or non-animated sequences, sound or not, graphics etc. on this site and their compilation are the exclusive property of Pierre Cardin and the Société de Gestion Pierre Cardin, which do not grant any license or any right other than to consult the site.
The reproduction or use of all or part of these elements is only authorized for the sole purpose of information for personal and private use, any reproduction and any use of copies made for other purposes being expressly prohibited.
Neither the website (in whole or in part), nor its content, nor the marks may be used, reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, made accessible, modified or otherwise exploited, in whole or in part, for any purpose whatsoever without the prior written authorization of the Société de Gestion Pierre Cardin.
Any other use is constitutive of counterfeit.
Any reproduction or representation integral or partial of the site is prohibited as well as their alteration.
Trademarks and domain names
It is recalled that Mr. Pierre Cardin is the owner of the brand PIERRE CARDIN and its logos.
The trademarks and domain names appearing on the pierrecardin.com website are the exclusive property of Pierre Cardin, any reproduction or use of these trademarks and domain names, in any manner and for any purpose whatsoever is prohibited.
The user acknowledges the exclusive rights of Pierre Cardin on the brand PIERRE CARDIN and refrains from making any use whatsoever and more generally to infringe the intellectual property rights of Pierre Cardin and the Société de Gestion Pierre Cardin.
Pierre Cardin and the Société de Gestion Pierre Cardin reserve the right to claim damages in the event of counterfeiting and, more generally, infringement of their intellectual property rights. In the same way, the visitor is prohibited from infringing the property rights, and in particular the intellectual property, that could hold any company of the group to which the Société de Gestion Pierre Cardin belongs.
5. Hypertext links
The creation of hypertext links to the website of pierrecardin.com, and more generally any use of an element making up the site, may only be made with the prior written authorization of the Société de Gestion Pierre Cardin, which may be revoked at any time in its sole discretion.
The Société de Gestion Pierre Cardin reserves the right to (i) request the removal of any link to the site that has not been, or would no longer be authorized, and (ii) claim damages for damages suffered from this fact.
The Société de Gestion Pierre Cardin declines all responsibility concerning the content of the websites linked to the pierrecardin.com website.
The website may include links to other websites or other Internet sources. Insofar as the Société de Gestion Pierre Cardin can not control these sites and these external sources, it can not be held responsible for the provision of these sites and external sources, and can not bear any responsibility for the content, advertisements, products, services or any other information or data available on or from these external sites or sources. In addition, the Société de Gestion Pierre Cardin can not be held responsible for any damage or loss proven or alleged consecutive or in connection with the use or the fact of having trusted the content, goods or services available on these sites or external sources.
6. Responsibilities
The Société de Gestion Pierre Cardin can not guarantee and affirm:
– that the pierrecardin.com website is free of viruses, data overwriting programs, Trojan horses or other destruction material,
– that the information contained in the site pierrecardin.com is accurate, complete or up to date.
The website pierrecardin.com may contain technical inaccuracies or other defects, the Société de Gestion Pierre Cardin does not guarantee the correction of these defects. The website pierrecardin.com and the content of this site are presented « as is » and « depending on availability ». The Société de Gestion Pierre Cardin expressly excludes any form of guarantee, and in particular, any implied warranty relating to the usual conditions of use of the pierrecardin.com site or the suitability of the site for normal use or for a specific use, its quality or the respect of all legal provisions. This limitation of liability applies to the fullest extent permitted by law.
The Société de Gestion Pierre Cardin will make every effort to ensure the reliability, accuracy and updating of the information provided on this site, however, it does not guarantee in any way the accuracy or completeness of the information made available on the website; and more generally for all damages, direct or indirect, whatever the causes, origins, natures or consequences, caused by the access of anyone to the site or the impossibility to access it, as well as the use of the site and / or credit granted to any information directly or indirectly from the latter.
The Société de Gestion Pierre Cardin reserves the right to modify or correct the content of the documents published on its website at any time and without notice.
7. Personal data
The Société de Gestion Pierre Cardin may collect your personal data through the pages of the site. You can read the sections « Privacy Policy » and « Cookie Policy ».
Configure cookies
View Privacy Policy
Back to the website
Français
Data protection policy
Cookies menu
© 2020 Legal notice
data protection policy -
cookies menu -
© 2020 legal notice -
contact@pierrecardin.com