http://www.tha-engliscan-gesithas.org.uk/privacy-cookie-policy/
Skip to Contents
Sitemap
Accessibility
Privacy & Cookie Policy
English Companions – Tha Engliscan Gesiðas
A society for all those interested in the history and culture of Anglo-Saxon England, including the language and literature, archaeology, anthropology, architecture, art, religion, mythology, folklore and material culture.
Welcome
Recommended Reading List
About the Anglo-Saxons
Old English Readings
Our magazine wiðowinde
Education
Old English Correspondence Course
Galleries
Gegaderung (Discussion Forum)
Contact Website Administrator
News & Events
Upcoming Events 2020
National and Local Meetings & Events
Search
Search:
Privacy & Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
When you visit this website (as with most websites) our webserver collects some details about you such as your IP address, your browser and operating system and the date and time of your visit. It does not, however collect any personal information or identifies you as an individual in any way.
Any information that you send directly to me via e-mail or the enquiry form or any other method is treated as completely confidential and is never ever passed on to a third party without your express permission.
Cookies
A Cookie is a tiny text file put onto your computer by websites that you visit which stores information about what you do on that site. Most websites use cookies of one sort or another for example  to store your preferences such as what sort of products you like to buy in online stores or whether you’re logged into a site or not.
Most cookies do not store any sort of identifiable information about you. Think about them as footprints in the sand – you can see where you’ve been but can’t tell much about you as an individual.
Cookies on this website
We use cookies in several ways.
Firstly, to store login and password details of the website administrators when they are logged in.
Secondly, if you leave a comment on one of the News items then the form creates a cookie to store your name and email address whilst you’re visiting the site to make leaving further comments quicker.
Thirdly, if you log into the Forum (Gegaderung) then a cookie is created which remembers that you are logged in and depending on your browser settings may present you with your username and password in the log-in boxes on your return to the site.
We are confident that all of these uses of cookies are completely safe, relevant and unintrusive.
If you would prefer that no cookies are set at all by this website then you are able to block them entirely via your browser.  I would urge caution blocking all cookies as most are exceptionally useful and many sites won’t work well without them.
Blocking cookies by Browser:
Firefox
Chrome
Internet Explorer
Opera
Safari
© 2020 Tha Engliscan Gesiðas
Reg No. 04134039
Reg. Address: Bottom Lane Farm, Bottom House, nr Leek, Staffordshire, ST13 7QL
Design by Little Blue PlaneLog in