https://www.sage-urban-homesteading.com/privacy-policy.html
Sage-Urban-Homesteading.com
Traditional skills in a modern age
Menu
HomeWhat's New
BasicsHomesteading SkillsUrban Farming and GardeningYOUR Urban Homestead
FoodFood PreservationHomemade RecipesGingerbread CookiesCarob Chip CookiesCoconut Flour RecipesHow to Cook CauliflowerPeeling ChestnutsSustainable Cooking and Cookware
SkillsAcrylic PaintingHomemade CraftsQuiltingEmbroidery MethodsHow to CrochetHow to KnitHuntingSpinning YarnWeaving YarnYarn Types
Family HealthCool Face MasksNatural Health and Baby CareHow to Be Happy
ChildrenHomeschoolingPreschoolKindergarten1st GradeHomemade Toys
FYI: I earn a small commission from some links and advertisements.
Privacy Policy
I provide this privacy policy as a statement to you of my commitment to
protect your personal information. It is important to protect your
online privacy.
This page explains the type of personal information that is collected
when you use the Sage Urban Homesteading website, as well as some of the
steps we take to safeguard information. I hope this will help you make
an informed decision about sharing personal information on this website.
Sage-Urban-Homesteading.com strives to maintain the highest standards of
decency, fairness, and integrity in all operations. Likewise, I am
personally dedicated to protecting the privacy of online visitors to
this website.
Personal Information
Sage-Urban-Homesteading.com collects personally identifiable information
from the visitors to our website only on a voluntary basis. Personal
information collected on a voluntary basis may include name, postal
address, and email address.
This information is collected if you request information from us, share
feedback, write about your homestead, or request some other service or
information from us. The information collected is internally reviewed,
used to improve the content of our website, notify visitors of updates,
and respond to visitor inquiries.
Once information is reviewed, it is discarded or stored in my files. If I
make any material changes in the collection of personally identifiable
information, I will inform you by placing a notice on this site.
Personal information received from any visitor will be used only for
internal purposes and will not be sold or provided to third parties
under any circumstances.
Serving Cookies
Online advertisers may use "cookies" to help personalize your online
experience. These aren't the kind of cookies you can eat! Computer
cookies are identifiers that are transferred to your computer's hard
drive through your web browser to enable systems to recognize your
browser. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the web server that you have
returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize a sites'
pages, or register with a website's services, a cookie enables that
website to recall your specific information on subsequent visits.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies by modifying your
browser settings; however, if you choose to decline cookies, you may not
be able to fully experience the interactive features of many websites.
Sage Urban Homesteading itself uses the services of Google Analytics to collect data used to optimize webpages. No personally identifiable demographic information is available to us. It is all presented as statistics and trends over time.Some of the third party ads on our site may use devices such as cookies or web
beacons to collect information for a more personalized internet experience.If you would like to opt-out of Google Analytics, there is an opt-out browser extension available that works with several platforms.
This website is enabled with Facebook generated pixels for custom
audiences. If you wish to opt-out or change your settings, please see
the Facebook help page about cookies, pixels, and similar technologies.
Advertising Cookies
We use third-party advertising company AdSense to serve ads on our website. These companies use cookies and web beacons in their ads to ascertain how many times you've seen an advertisement. We share this information with these companies, but do not provide them with any personally identifiable information for cookie or web beacon use, so they cannot personally identify you with that information from our website.You may opt out of personalized ads for over 125 different ad networks. Click here to do that.Some third-party advertisements are served by Google. Google's cookie enables it to serve ads to our visitors based on their visits to other sites on the Web. You may opt out of personalized ads by visiting the Google ad opt-out page.This link from Google provides more information about how Google manages data in its ad products.
Affiliate Products and Services
We receive an affiliate commission for some of the products and/or services sold on Sage-Urban-Homesteading.com. The affiliate services platforms we currently use are Amazon and ShareASale.By clicking on a product or service link, you consent to that platform's use of cookies, as outlined in the links below.Amazon privacy policyShareASale privacy policy
Website Search
The search box on this web site is powered by Google Inc. You acknowledge and agree that Google's privacy policy (located at http://www.google.co.uk/privacy.html)
shall apply to your use of the Google search box and by using this
search box you consent to Google using your personal data in accordance
with its privacy policy.
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act
This website is directed at adults and mature students; it is not
designed for children under the age of 13. I operate my website in
compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, and will
not knowingly collect or use personal information from anyone under 13
years of age. I feel it's common sense that anyone under age 13 should
use the internet under adult supervision, but I'll mention it anyway.
Non-Personal Information
In some cases, this website may collect information about you that is
not personally identifiable. I use this information, which does not
identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the site, to
track users' movements around the site and to gather demographic
information about the user base as a whole. The information collected is
used solely for internal review and not shared with other organizations
for commercial purposes under any circumstances.
Release of Information
If the Sage Urban Homesteading website is sold, the information obtained
from you through your voluntary participation in the site may transfer
to the new owner as a part of the sale so that that the service being
provided to you may continue. In that event, you will receive notice
through the website of the change in control and practices, and I will
make all reasonable efforts to ensure that the purchaser honors any
opt-out requests you might make.
Updates and Effective Date
Sage-Urban-Homesteading.com reserves the right to make changes in this
policy. If there is a material change in privacy practices, this page
will indicate that our privacy practices have changed and provide
obvious notation about what is different, because I have nothing to hide
and want you to see the information. I encourage you to periodically
review this policy so that you will know what information is collected
and how it is used.
I last reviewed this page on 8/3/2018 to update information about Advertising Cookies and Affiliate Products and Services.
Agreeing to Terms
If you do not agree to the Sage Urban Homesteading Privacy Policy as
posted here on this website, please do not use this site or any services
offered by this site. It's common sense: Your use of this website
indicates acceptance of this privacy policy.
And while you're here, there's some more legal stuff I need to share...
Disclaimer
ALC Unlimited provides this website as a service. While the information
contained within the site is periodically updated, no guarantee is given
that the information provided in this website is correct, complete,
and/or up-to-date. I make every effort, but I am only human and
occasionally make mistakes. If you see one, please contact me and tell
me!
The materials contained on this website are provided for general
information and editorial purposes only and do not constitute legal,
medical, or other professional advice on any subject matter. ALC
Unlimited does not accept any responsibility for any loss which may
arise from reliance on information contained on this site.
Any statements or claims about the health benefits of supplements or
foods made here have not been evaluated by the FDA and as such are not
intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease.
This website and its contents are provided "AS IS" without warranty of
any kind, either express or implied, including, but not limited to, the
implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose,
or non-infringement.
Outbound Links
Some links within this website may lead to other websites, including
those operated and maintained by third parties.
Sage-Urban-Homesteading.com includes these links solely as a convenience
to you, and the presence of such a link does not imply a responsibility
for the linked site or an endorsement of the linked site, its operator,
or its contents (exceptions may apply).
Sage-urban-homesteading.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC
Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide
a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking
to Amazon.com.
Copyright
Permission is given for the downloading and temporary storage of one or
more of these pages for the purpose of viewing on a personal computer.
Any .pdf files may be downloaded and permanently stored with no
modifications. The contents of this site are protected by copyright
under international conventions and, apart from the permission stated,
the reproduction, permanent storage, or retransmission of the contents
of this site is prohibited without the prior written consent of ALC
Unlimited.
Reproduction, distribution, republication, and/or retransmission of
material contained within this website are prohibited unless the prior
written permission of Sage-Urban-Homesteading.com has been obtained.
You may cite this website as a reference in academic works following
accepted reference formats, but plagiarism will not be tolerated. If you
need help with the information and format for a citation, please
contact me.
Home
›
Privacy Policy
Like This Page?
Facebook CommentsHave your say about what you just read! Leave me a comment in the box below.
Homesteading and homeschooling near Baltimore, Maryland
FYI: I earn a small commission from some links and advertisements.
Recent Articles
Gluten Free Gingerbread Cookies Dec 10, 20 08:32 PMI figured out how to make gluten free gingerbread cookies you can roll for cookie cutters! They're egg-free dairy-free yet taste and smell absolutely delicious. Read More
Crochet Hat Patterns Dec 09, 20 08:09 AMLooking for some crochet hat patterns? Take a look at the various hat styles and share a photo of your own crochet hats! Read More
Homemade Recipes from My Family History Nov 21, 20 01:33 PMI have collected traditional homemade recipes for my area and created a downloadable recipe book with everything from scrapple to strawberry rhubarb pie. Read More
Sign Up for Free Updates
Email
First Name
Subscribe
Fly Home
Top of the Page
More Information
Homesteading BlogAbout MeContact Me Privacy PolicyALC Unlimited
Connect
FacebookTwitterPinterest
Disclosure
All information found on this website is editorial in nature and intended to motivate and inspire rather than be used as medical advice.  I am an Amazon Affiliate and use Google Ads and cookies as described in the Privacy Policy. Thank you for your support!
By Amy DeVries, Copyright © 2011-2020 Sage-Urban-Homesteading.com All rights reserved.