https://www.pbssocal.org/about/privacy-policy/
Search for:
Search
HOME
1. Information we collect
We collect only information that is reasonably necessary to facilitate and optimize the Website and the activities available on them.
Information you provide us voluntarily
You may be asked to provide some personally identifiably information to participate in some activities on the Website. If you do not want this information to be collected or used by us, you can choose not to submit your information. However, this may prevent your participation in these activities. This may include, but are not limited to:
Making a donation
We will ask you to provide the necessarily information to process and service your membership pledge donation. This may include, but is not limited to, your name, billing and shipping address, telephone number, e-mail address, and payment information. This information is encrypted for your security. This data is stored and processed by third-party service provider Blackbaud Inc.
Completing a survey
We may post surveys on our Website which are all completely voluntary. We use this voluntarily provided information to better understand our members and viewers and to determine how to best serve them.
Entering a promotion
We may post promotional sweepstakes, contests, and other promotions on the Website. You may be required to provide personally identifiably information at the time of entry so that we can administer and operate the contest, sweepstakes, or promotion. If you do not want us to collect the information or share it with sponsors of the contest, sweepstakes or promotion, do not complete an entry.
Subscribing to a newsletter
You may receive optional newsletter communications from PBS SoCal by signing up on the Website, at events, entering sweepstakes, becoming a member, or activing a mobile or over-the-top app. If you opted to receive a particular newsletter, you may always unsubscribe later if you decide not to receive further mailings from us. Your e-mail address and associated data is stored and processed by third-party service providers including MailChimp and BlackBaud Inc.
Newsletters
We may also offer you the opportunity to subscribe to email newsletters that we make available through the Website. If you opted to receive a particular newsletter, you may always unsubscribe later if you decide not to receive further mailings of the newsletter from us. You can receive optional newsletter communications from PBS SoCal, powered by MailChimp, by signing up online, at events, entering sweepstakes, by becoming a PBS SoCal Member or from signups at PBS.org. You can select your notification preferences, update your subscription choices or unsubscribe at any time by clicking the appropriate link the bottom of the email. You can read MailChimp’s privacy policy here: http://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/.
PBS Passport
If you are viewing video on the Website through the PBS Passport service, you have agreed that PBS may collect your viewing and usage information and that PBS may share this information with PBS SoCal. Your individual usage and viewing information will only be shared with PBS SoCal, but PBS may share aggregated information with its member stations and service providers. PBS’s collection, storage, and use of Passport is subject to PBS’s Terms and Conditions.
Information we collect automatically
In addition to information you voluntarily provide to us, we may also collect and store certain non-personally identifiable information automatically when using the Website through standard server logs. This information helps us improve the experience you and other visitors have with the Website. This allows us to measure analytics, manage, and improve the services available on the Website. This information does not identify you personally and may include, but is not limited to: date and time of visit, IP address, browser type, operating system time, the referring website, type of device you used, and a general geographic area from which you’re accessing it from. This information does not identify you personally and is only used in the aggregate.
Cookies web beacons
In order to provide optimal services and convenience we may use common website tracking technologies, including cookies, pixels, and tags. These are temporary bits of code placed in your web browser that allows PBS SoCal to track how you use the Website and facilitates communication when you browse the Website and store your preferences. No personal information is ever stored in a PBS cookie, even if you have entered your name or email address on other parts of the Website. You may have the ability to set your browser to refuse to accept cookies, though some parts of the Website may not function properly if cookie acceptance is disabled and you may not be able to fully utilize the Website.
Do Not Track (DNT) signals
Some web browsers may transmit Do Not Track (DNT) signals. We currently do not take action in response to these signals.
Third party tracking
We utilize Google Analytics and New Relic to provide us comprehensive analytics to assist us in tracking issues and improving the Website. Third parties, including those advertising on the Website, may also use tracking technologies to follow your use of the Website or advertisements placed on the Website. PBS SoCal does not control third party tracking, which occurs by DoubleClick. You may opt-out of DoubleClick tracking by visiting the DoubleClick Opt-Out page.
2. Links
This Website contains links to other sites. PBS SoCal is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of websites linked from the PBS SoCal’s Website, nor does linking to other websites indicate any endorsements of the site or the products or information provided on such sites. By clicking on a third party link, you will leave the PBS SoCal Website. Privacy and security policies may differ from those practiced by PBS SoCal.
3. How we use your information
PBS SoCal does not sell or rent personal information of members, donors, or visitors to the Website under any circumstances, without prior consent except as compelled by law or provided in this Privacy Policy. Except as expressly set forth in our policies, we will not willfully disclose your PII to any third party without first receiving your permission. We will never sell, rent or swap your personally identifiable information with non-affiliated third parties for their own purposes.
4. Information we share with third parties
In some circumstances, we may share information we collect from you with PBS, other PBS member stations, and to authorized third-party service providers to help us fulfill requests and perform various functions necessary to provide and improve the Website, video streaming, e-mailing, and membership processing.
5. Member Profile Data and Unique Identifiers
Unique identifiers (such as membership identification numbers) are collected from website visitors to verify the user’s identity, provide customized user pages and customized information and for use as account numbers in our record system. Such unique and individually identified information is never sold nor provided to third parties
6. Sweepstakes and Contests
From time-to-time, PBS SoCal may offer contests, sweepstakes and other promotions. If you enter one of these contests, sweepstakes or promotions, you will need to provide information about yourself (such as your name, address, telephone number and email address) so that we can administer and operate the contest, sweepstakes or promotion (including contacting you if you win, fulfilling a prize and publishing a winners’ list). If you do not want us to collect the information requested in the registration form or to provide it to any of our affiliates, service providers and/or co-sponsor(s) as described below, please do not enter the contest, sweepstakes or promotion.
Additional personal information may unintentionally be collected if such information is provided in video recording, photographs, etc. that you submit. Personal information included in a video, recording, photograph, etc. is by its nature available to the general public and you should not submit recordings or photographs if you desire to keep any of the content private and we are not responsible for the use or misuse of such content by any party.
For users who furnish personal information in regard to sweepstakes, contests or promotions, PBS SoCal may use the information provided to administe the sweepstakes, contest or promotion and contact you with other PBS SoCal communications.
PBS SoCal may use your PII to provide the information or content you have requested to contact you or to fulfill prizes in connection with a contest or sweepstakes, to contact you about PBS SoCal programs, products, features or services or for other purposes disclosed at the time of collection. We may also use your PII to contact you regarding your use of our Web Site or changes to our Privacy Policy.
7. Shopping
When you purchase products and/or services through our Website, we may ask you to provide us with certain information, including your contact details (such as your name, address, telephone and email), and your billing information (such as your credit card number and the date that your card expires).
We may also ask you to provide additional information such as unique identifiers (such as your date of birth), and registration information (login name and password).
We will use the information you provide us to process your transaction and to contact you regarding your purchase, if necessary.
We will share this information with our Service Providers to the extent necessary to facilitate your purchase (for purposes such as customer service, verification, fulfillment and billing purposes). We will not sell or rent your personal billing information to any third party.
We may share non-financial information with our Service Providers in accordance with this privacy statement.
8. External links and third-party widgets
You may access third-party content through the Website and navigate to third-party websites. Whether the third-party content appears within our Website (such as in an embedded video player), or you leave our Website to view content on another website, the third party is in control of and independently produces, maintains, and monitors the content. You are subject to the third party’s terms of use and privacy policies. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for the privacy practices of third parties.
9. Information collected from kids
Children should always get permission from their parents before sending any information about themselves to PBS SoCal. PBS SoCal intends to comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) standards regarding any section of the Website that is directed to children under the age of 13 (e.g., the Kids section). PBS SoCal does not condition any child’s participation in any part of the Website or activity requiring a child to disclose personal information. We do not knowingly collect, use or process personal information from children in connection with the Website. We do not ask for more information than is necessary for a child to participate in any activity. If you are under 13, please do not attempt to provide any information about yourself. If we discover that we have collected any personal information from a child under the age of 13, we will remove that information as soon as possible. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that their child (who is under the age of 13) has provided information without parental or guardianship consent, he or she should contact PBS SoCal. Upon your request, we will delete such information from the Website and files within a reasonable time period.
10.	International users
Information collected through the Website may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which we serve or our service providers maintain facilities. We may transfer information that we collect about you, including personal information, across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions. If you are located in the European Union or other region with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, data may be transferred to a country or jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your country or jurisdiction. By using the Website and providing us with the information directly or indirectly, you consent to the transfer of information to the U.S. or to any other country in which our service providers maintain facilities for processing by us in according with this Privacy Policy.
11.	Social Networks
When you use the social networking features on our Website, you may be asked to log in to a social network using your social network credentials (for example, your Facebook user ID). When you log in, we may collect information about you (including personal information) from that social network. In addition, when you use one of the social networks sharing tools available on our Website, the social network operating the tool may collect information about you based on such use. The social network’s use of the information will be subject to its own privacy policy, which may be different than ours.
12.	Security and storage of information
PBS SoCal stores your information using reasonable security precautions and for only as long as we think reasonably necessary. We make every effort to ensure that all of the transactions that occur on the Website are secure. Payment information is submitted using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption, which is industry standard for information security. Personal information that you submit with your pledge is also encrypted. However, no transmission of data is guaranteed to be completely secure. It may be possible for third parties to unlawfully intercept transmissions.
13.	Data Collection
Online surveys, polls and all demographic information collected through the PBS SoCal Website are used for internal benchmarking and research. Identifying information is not disclosed to outside parties, other than PBS SoCal or used to contact users unless they have indicated that they wished to be contacted for follow up.
14.	Changes to this policy
By using the Website, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree, please do not use the Website. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for any changes. Your continued use of the Website following any changes to these terms shall signify your acceptance of those changes.
15.	Contact us
Please feel free to contact PBS SoCal with any questions at comments@pbssocal.org or by calling (714) 241-4100.
CONNECT WITH US
ABOUT PBS SOCAL
History
Impact
Save My PBS
Leadership
Board of Directors
Advisory Board
Financials
FAQ
Public Information
Public Meetings
Careers
Internships
Pressroom
Studio Tours
How to Find Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
GET THE FREEPBS APP