http://www.liutaiomottola.com/privacy.htm
Liutaio Mottola
Lutherie Information Website
for builders of stringed musical instruments
Home
Contact
Privacy Notice
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for http://LiutaioMottola.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared;
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data;
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information;
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
We will not use your contact information to bother you. We only contact you in direct response to your request.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the contact page on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any;
Change/correct any data we have about you;
Have us delete any data we have about you;
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Cookies
The site makes limited use of cookies to maintain history for the browse menu but will work fine if cookies are turned off. We do not install tracking cookies or any third party cookies.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via email using our contact page.
Initially appeared: July 22, 2019
Last updated:
July 22, 2019
Check Out My Latest Book!
Mottola's Cyclopedic Dictionary of Lutherie Terms is now available here.
Announcements
• Latest American Lutherie article: "Resurrection and Modification of an Inexpensive Old Factory Guitar", American Lutherie #138 Table of Contents
• Latest research article: "Quantifying Player-Induced Intonation Errors of the Steel String Acoustic Guitar"
Search
Browse
Lutherie Info Home Page
General Information
FAQ
Info for First Timers
Lutherie Books
Lutherie Links
Technical Information
Tools, Formulae and Data
General Articles on Technical Topics
Book Reviews
Materials, Parts and Supplies
Construction Techniques
For Bowed Instruments
For Plucked Instruments
For All Instruments
Tools, Jigs and Shop Techniques
Hand Tools
Power Tools
Jigs and Fixtures
CAD/CAM/CNC
Instruments and Plans
Acoustic Guitars
Acoustic Bass Guitars
Electric Upright Basses
Electric Guitars
Electric Bass Guitars
Pickups and Electronics
Lutherie Myth/Science
Bibliography
Contact
Woodworkers' Popup Units Conversion Calculator
Calculator converts to/from decimal inches, fractional inches, millimeters. Popups must be enabled for this site.
Did you know....
.... you can click on most of the assembly photos on this site to enlarge them for a close look? Also, hovering the cursor over most linear dimension values will convert the values to decimal inches, fractional inches, and SI units.
HOME
TOP OF PAGE
FAQ
CONTACT
Liutaio Mottola Lutherie Information Website
Copyright © 2004 -
2020
by R.M. Mottola
If you can read this then this page has been copied here in violation of copyright. Please notify copyright holder.