http://www.cynthiarowley.com/pages/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
INTRODUCTION
Cynthia Rowley values its customers and respects their privacy. This Privacy and Usage Policy applies to personal information that we collect about you, including but not limited to data collected through our website and stores, as well as social media, and third party advertisers. This information is used to improve your shopping experience and to communicate with you about our products, services and promotions. Neither your name nor any of your personal information is sold to any other non-affiliated company or agency. However, as described in greater detail below, we may share your information under certain circumstances with business partners that help this site function or assist us in fulfilling or servicing your order, as well otherwise detailed below.
We are committed to being transparent with how we use your data, and protecting your privacy is always our priority. We will never sell your data to a third party. Data is only collected to enhance your shopping experience at cynthiarowley.com.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT & HOW WE USE IT
We sometimes ask you for certain kinds of personal information to provide the services we offer. By providing your personal information as set forth herein, you are authorizing Cynthia Rowley to store and use your information accordingly. This information includes:
SHOPPING
We may ask for information such as your name, billing and shipping address, telephone number, email address and payment card information in order to process your purchase, confirm your order and ship the items to you. If you elect to be added to the Cynthia Rowley email list, we may use your contact information to communicate with you about our products, services, surveys and promotions.
MY ACCOUNT
You have the opportunity to create a personal shopping account with Cynthia Rowley, which allows you to shop faster and easier. Using a user name and a password of your choice, you may access your account online at any time to add, delete, or change information. In creating this account, you authorize Cynthia Rowley to store your name and email address. Should you elect to do so, you may also include in your “My Account” your telephone number, payment card information, and shipping and billing addresses. If you choose to include such additional information then you are also authorizing Cynthia Rowley to store such information accordingly. Each of these options is for your convenience only. If you ever use a public computer to visit the “My Account” section of our website we encourage you to log out at the conclusion of your session. When you create an account with Cynthia Rowley, you may request an electronic copy of the data stored within your account at any time. Additionally, account members may request their profile and any data stored within may be deleted permanently.
When you create an account with Cynthia Rowley, you will be given the option to be added to the Cynthia Rowley email list. Whether or not you select this option, your personal information will never be sold to anyone and except as specifically provided herein, your personal information will not be shared.
EMAIL & TEXT LIST
You may also sign up on the website to receive promotional emails or text messages from Cynthia Rowley. To sign up we may ask for information such as your name, email address, mailing address, telephone number, gender, age, birthday and preferences. Subscriptions to the email and text message lists can be cancelled at any time.
REMOVAL FROM LISTS
To be removed from our email list, please email us at customercare@cynthiarowley.com. You may also click the unsubscribe button found at the bottom of the emails in order to be removed from emails that we send you. Please allow us at least ten (10) business days from when the request was received to complete the removal, as some of our promotions may already have been in process before you submitted your request.
To be removed from our text message list, please email us at customercare@cynthiarowley.com. You may also text "STOP" to 24321 at any time to be removed from our text message list. Please allow us at least ten (10) business days from when the request was received to complete the removal, as some of our promotions may already have been in process before you submitted your request.
CUSTOMER CARE
If you call, email or chat with our Customer Care center, we may ask for information such as your name, email address, mailing address, telephone number and if you choose to make a purchase, your credit card information. We use this information to assist you and to process or review your transaction. When you place an order through Customer Care, you will be asked to provide your credit card information. Cynthia Rowley does not store your credit card information unless you choose to include it in your “My Account” (see above).
SURVEYS, SWEEPSTAKES & PROMOTIONS
On this website, you may be able to participate in surveys, sweepstakes and promotions. If you choose to participate in these promotions, we may request information such as your name, age, email address, mailing address, telephone number, and interests or product preferences. This information is used to enter you into our contests, sweepstakes and other promotions. We may use this information to communicate with you about our products, services and promotions, but only if you have given us your consent to do so.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT BY AUTOMATED MEANS
COOKIES
We may collect information about your browser, including, where available, your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration. This is statistical data about how you browse our website.
We may obtain information about your general Internet usage by using a cookie file which is stored on the hard drive of your device. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your device’s hard drive.
Cookies help us to improve our website and to deliver a better and more customized service. They enable us:
To estimate usage numbers and patterns.
To store information about your preferences, and to allow us to customize our website according to your individual interests.
To speed up your searches.
To recognize you when you return to our website.
You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of cookies. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the website or unable to avail yourself of some of our services. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system may issue cookies when you log on to our website. Additionally, if a browser is set to issue a “do not track” signal, we do not place tracking cookies on this browser.
By using our website, you (the visitor) agree to allow third parties to process your IP address, in order to determine your location for the purpose of currency conversion. You also agree to have that currency stored in a session cookie in your browser (a temporary cookie which gets automatically removed when you close your browser). We do this in order for the selected currency to remain selected and consistent when browsing our website so that the prices can convert to your (the visitor) local currency.
PIXEL TAGS
We also use "pixel tags" (sometimes called “Internet tags”, "web beacons" or "clear GIFS"), which are tiny graphic images, on our website. Pixel tags help us analyze our customers' online behavior and measure the effectiveness of our website and our advertising. We work with service providers that help us track, collect, and analyze this information.
Pixel tags on our website may be used to collect information about your visit, including the pages you view, the features you use, the links you click, and other actions you take in connection with the website. This information may include your device’s IP address, your browser type, your operating system, date and time information, and other technical information about your device. We may also track certain information about the identity of the website you visited immediately before coming to our site. We do not otherwise track any information about your use of other websites.
Pixel tags and cookies in our emails may be used to track your interactions with those messages, such as when you receive, open, or click a link in an email message from us.
We also work with business partners that use tracking technologies to deliver advertisements on our behalf across the Internet. These companies may collect information about your visits to our website, and your interaction with our advertising and other communications.
We may combine the information we collect through cookies and pixel tags with other information we have collected from you. This information may be used to improve our website, to personalize your online experience, to help us deliver information to you, to determine the effectiveness of our advertising, and for other internal business purposes.
USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We use the information we collect from our customers for various purposes, including:
Process transactions upon their request.
Improve our stores, website, customers shopping experience and quality of service.
Determine the amount, location and frequency of customer traffic into our stores.
Send communications to you about our products, services surveys and promotions.
Prevent and detect fraud and abuse.
Process information or claims in connection with incidents at our stores.
Enable our service providers to perform certain activities on our behalf.
Comply with our legal obligations, policies and procedures and for internal administrative and analytics purposes.
Combine information obtained in store and online for the purposes identified above.
In the course of offering our services, Shopify uses a number of machine learning algorithms and forms of automated decision-making. Shopify uses automated decision-making and to prevent risk and fraud by merchants and to help merchants avoid fraudulent transactions from their customers.
Most of these algorithms (excluding the personalization features and a subset of customer risk/fraud screening, discussed in more detail below) are not fully automated and include some human intervention. Our personalization algorithms are fully automated, but only affect display features. Shopify uses a small subset of fully automated fraud screening blacklists, which, if we believe a transaction was made using stolen or fraudulent payment information, may stop you from completing a transaction--but only for a period of between a few hours and a few days.
OTHERS WITH WHOM WE MAY SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
SERVICE PROVIDERS
We may disclose information to outside companies that help us bring you the products and services we offer. For example, we may work with an outside company to: (a) manage a database of customer information; (b) assist us in distributing emails; (c) assist us with direct marketing and data collection; (d) provide us data storage and analysis; (e) provide fraud prevention; (f) provide customer service by phone; and (g) provide other services designed to assist us in maximizing our business potential. We require that these outside companies agree to keep confidential all information we share with them and to use the information only to perform their obligations in the agreements and in a manner consistent with this Privacy and Usage Policy.
COMPLIANCE WITH LAW
We may provide access to information when legally required to do so, to cooperate with legal proceedings, to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our website, to limit our legal liability and protect our rights or to protect the rights, property or safety of visitors of this website or the public.
FOR EUROPEAN CITIZENS
Your data may be stored and processed in and transferred to the United States and other non-European countries. Data may also be processed by people around the world who work for us or for one of our suppliers or vendors. These people may be engaged in, among other things, the fulfillment of your information requests, meeting your orders and the provision of support services. By consenting to this Privacy Policy, you confirm to be aware of and to accept the fact that these countries are deemed by the EU and other European authorities to not have data privacy laws that provide equivalent protection as the EU. However, Cynthia Rowley takes what it considers to be appropriate technical and organizational measures to guard against unauthorized or unlawful processing of your data and against accidental loss or destruction of, or damage to, your data.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions about your privacy or security on our website, please contact us at customercare@cynthiarowley.com.
USD