http://www.worldpressphoto.org/about-us/legal/28567
Legal
Privacy and Cookie PolicyWorld Press Photo websitesThe mission of the World Press Photo Foundation (‘’WPPF’’) is to connect the world to the stories that matter. In order to achieve this WPPF processes information about its visitors and users of its websites. WPPF respects the privacy of individuals. Personal data is handled with the utmost care and in conformity with the applicable laws and regulations on the protection of personal data.This policy explains why and how WPPF collects personal data, what personal data is collected and what WPPF does with it.This policy applies to all data that is provided to and obtained by WPPF, including but not limited to worldpressphoto.org, submit.worldpressphoto.org, festival.worldpressphoto.org, World Press Photo mobile websites and applications (hereinafter collectively referred to as: ‘’the WPPF website’’).This policy is part of the Disclaimer found below.CookiesCookies are small text files placed automatically on your computer, tablet or mobile phone when visiting the WPPF website. Cookies are managed by your browser.When visiting the WPPF website functional cookies are set for the duration of your browser session. These cookies are absolutely necessary for the technical operation of the website and remembering the contents of your shopping cart when visiting our shop.If you continue to use the WPPF website, further cookies will be placed on your computer, tablet or mobile phone to maximise your experience and to help WPPF understand how we can improve the WPPF website. For this purpose the following types of cookies are used by WPPF:Analytic cookies: these cookies are designed and placed to assess the quality and effectiveness of the WPPF website. The latter can be achieved by means of collecting and analysing clicks on the WPPF website. The data from these cookies enable WPPF to better understand its visitors and to improve the WPPF website. For more information, see the paragraph below on Technology partners of WPPF;Tracking cookies: WPPF uses Google Adwords to retarget its visitors on third party websites based on past visits to the WPPF website and its content. These cookies will only be placed after receiving your explicit consent and do not contain information that can identify you personally. For more information, see the paragraph on Google Analytics.You may prevent the use of cookies by changing the privacy settings of your browser. More information about enabling and disabling cookies can be found in the Help function of your browser. To make sure tracking cookies will not be placed when visiting third party websites you can disable the placement of these cookies via YourOnlineChoices.eu.Purposes of collecting dataBy visiting the WPPF website, you submit personal data and other information which is processed by WPPF to ensure the WPPF website performs efficiently and effectively, particularly in regard to the following:Execution of our online services: browsing and/or purchasing something in our shop, registration for full media kits with high-resolution images and materials and/or registration for the World Press Photo contests, maintaining relationships with the WPPF community.Internal analysis: enabling WPPF to improve its website and to identify general trends on the website and to align the content on its website to the preferences of its visitors.Identification of individual preferences and performing marketing activities.Data collectionWPPF collects personal data provided by you personally when:Registering for media kits: visitors in the professional audience who want to use World Press Photo materials for further publishing need to submit personal and professional information. With this information WPPF is able to contact you and to send you the requested materials.Buying something in our shop: for the delivery of the goods you purchased in our shop, we need your personal or professional information. Sometimes WPPF also needs your payment details.Applying for World Press Photo contests: to participate in the photo contests WPPF asks you to submit your personal and professional information and all other necessary information to be able to identify and distinguish you from other participants.Registering for other purposes: when registering for other purposes on the WPPF websites WPPF asks you to submit personal and/or (if applicable) professional information. These purposes include but are not limited to registration to become a member of the WPPF community or receiving the WPPF newsletter after you have given your explicit consent by ticking the relevant boxes. The subscription to the WPPF newsletter can be withdrawn at any time by clicking the ‘unsubscribe’-link in the e-mail.WPPF keeps your personal data no longer than necessary, except in the event of any legal obligations to keep personal data for a longer period of time.Technology partners of WPPFWPPF uses the services of third parties in maintaining and improving the WPPF website and to store and organize data. WPPF makes every effort to ensure that these third parties comply with strict data protection standards and regulations. Insofar as WPPF uses the services of partners which store, transfer or process the data in a country outside the European Union, WPPF will make sure these parties provide an adequate level of data protection.Google AnalyticsWPPF uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. to collect, monitor and analyse the information collected through the WPPF website about the duration, frequency and interaction on its website. Google Analytics uses cookies to help analyse how users use our websites. The data generated by these cookies will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States and other countries. Google uses this data to track how WPPF has set up its website, compiling reports on website activity and offering other services relating to website activity and internet usage to WPPF. Google may provide this information only to third parties if Google is legally required, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. WPPF has no influence on this matter. Please read Google's privacy policy for more information.WPPF uses a standard setup of Google Analytics. In this context it does not process IP addresses, nor store information about authenticated (known user) sessions. Therefore, the information collected through Google Analytics is anonymous. WPPF does not allow Google to use the acquired analytical data with other Google services.HyperlinksOn the WPPF website several links to websites of third parties can be found. WPPF is neither responsible nor liable for the content and collection of personal data through these websites.Safety and protection of dataWPPF maintains appropriate and adequate technical and organisational measures in an effective way in order to protect personal data against loss or any form of unauthorized processing and/or access by third parties.If WPPF becomes aware of any unauthorized processing and/or access to an individual’s personal data it will notify the individuals concerned at the earliest practical opportunity after it is verified that the information was actually accessed and in what way.Sharing informationWith your explicit consent WPPF may share collected data with its sponsors and/or other third parties to the extent necessary to send you promotional materials such as newsletters and/or information about our exhibitions and events. They may not use the data for any purpose other than originally intended. In so far parties outside the European Economic Area are involved the data will only be transferred after your explicit consent and/or after we made sure these parties provide an adequate level of personal data protection.Except as described above, WPPF will not be sharing personal data with third parties unless it is required by law. For more information about WPPF sponsors and partners please check the WPPF website.Rights of usersYou have the right to access, correct, update and erase all data that concerns you at all times.If you want to exercise one of your rights as mentioned above, or when you have a complaint concerning the processing of your data, WPPF is happy to help you resolve that. Please send us your request or complaint, by using the contact details below. WPPF will send a response within four weeks of receiving your request or complaint.AmendmentsWPPF reserves the right to amend this policy at all times. WPPF therefore recommends users consult this webpage regularly. WPPF will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your permission.ContactIf you have any further questions or comments with regard to this policy, please mark them for the attention of the Data Protection Officer and send them to:World Press Photo FoundationHaarlemerweg 41014 BE  AmsterdamThe NetherlandsEmail: communications@worldpressphoto.org_____________________________________________DisclaimerWebsiteThis website has been produced under the auspices of the World Press Photo Foundation. All photography and production copyrights are held exclusively by the respective creators and their representatives. No content may be copied from this website. Contact the World Press Photo office to find out how to get in touch with the photographers or producers.All content of this website, including, but not limited to, the design and the content, are protected by trade names, copyright, moral rights, trademark and other laws relating to intellectual property rights.
No material from this site may be copied, reproduced, stored in any retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise, without prior permission in writing from the Stichting World Press Photo, Amsterdam, the Netherlands.TrademarkWorld Press Photo is a registered trademark of Stichting World Press Photo and is protected by trademark law.Liability of World Press Photo FoundationWorld Press Photo Foundation aims to provide information that is complete and accurate. World Press Photo Foundation can never be held liable for the accuracy of the information and does not accept any liability for the consequences of the use or the incompleteness of the information, in any manner whatsoever. This also applies regarding the copying of data and regarding the errors that appear due to technical and/or other circumstances which lead to errors and incompleteness of data.On this website, several links to websites of third parties can be found. World Press Photo Foundation is not responsible, nor liable for the content and the privacy policy of these websites.Legal action and applicable lawIn case of any violation of the provisions as stated above, World Press Photo Foundation will not hesitate to take legal action. This disclaimer is governed by Dutch law.Amendments of the disclaimerWorld Press Photo Foundation reserves the right to amend this disclaimer at all times. World Press Photo Foundation therefore recommends to consult this webpage regularly.
We use cookies to analyse the use of our website, identify individual preferences after obtaining your explicit consent, and enhance your user experience.
By agreeing you are giving consent for us to set cookies.