http://www.lyricsplanet.com/policy.html
Privacy Statement for
Lyrics Planet
Lyrics Planet
has created this privacy
statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy.
The following discloses the information gathering and
dissemination practices for this Web site:
Lyrics Planet
Information Automatically Logged
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site.
IP address are soemtimes logged to see where are users are coming from and can
help provide services for them in the future.  As well as your browser
type, resolution and OS is logged in our counter.
Cookies
Our Site uses cookies for other purposes. Our sponsors use cookies to track the advertisement
banners users click.
Advertisers
We use an outside ad company to display ads on our site. These ads may contain cookies.
While we use cookies in other parts of our Web site, cookies received with banner ads are
collected by our ad company, and we do not have access to this information.
* Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site.
* Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet.
* Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Personal Information
This Web site does not request any personal information or collect any information that personally
identifies you or allows you to be personally contacted.
Since we do not collect any personal information on this Web site, we do not share any personal
information with any third parties nor do we use any personal information for any purposes.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites.
Lyrics Planet
is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Public Forums
This site makes chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact:
soul@lyricsplanet.com
Generated by Privacy Wizard