http://www.thirdcoastfestival.org/overview/policy
PST, THIRD COAST IS BACK THIS FALL — in a new, virtual world. Join us for much-needed audio community & inspiration in: Third Place.
The Third Coast International Audio Festival (TCIAF) values your participation in our community, both online and offline, and assures you that your privacy is a priority to us. The TCIAF web site (thirdcoastfestival.org) adheres to a strict policy for ensuring the privacy of your personally identifiable information (such as full name, address, e-mail address, telephone number and/or other identifiable information) and preserving the integrity of this online medium.
Visiting thirdcoastfestival.org:
When you visit our site, our web server recognizes only your domain name, where you are coming to us from and what browser you are using. We use this information to analyze aggregate statistical information for internal review to improve the content of our web site and it is then discarded. No one can contact or identify you from this information.
Cookies:
TCIAF places an industry-standard "cookie" file on your computer to more accurately count the number of visitors and track activity on our web site. This cookie is totally anonymous and does not store any personal information about individual users.
List Sharing Policy:
TCIAF never sells, exchanges or lends to third parties any email or telephone information you provide when subscribing to our email communications or registering for our annual conference.
Links:
Thirdcoastfestival.org contains links to a wide variety of web sites, including some which may not follow the same privacy policies as TCIAF. TCIAF is not responsible for the privacy policies of those other sites or how they treat information about their users. Users who choose to follow links from thirdcoastfestival.org should make themselves familiar with target sites' privacy policies.
Changes to Privacy Policy:
TCIAF will never use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice without notifying users. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our web site, attempt to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you have additional questions about how your personal information may be used or if you have questions or comments about our privacy policy, please contact us via e-mail at info@thirdcoastfestival.org, by telephone at 312-948-4682 or by mail at:
THIRD COAST INTERNATIONAL AUDIO FESTIVAL
848 E. GRAND AVE. SUITE 400
CHICAGO, IL 60611
P: 312-948-4600
F: 312-948-4867
If you feel TCIAF is not following its stated privacy policy, contact us at the above addresses or phone number.
Updated: March 2, 2010