http://www.jafax.org/policies/privacy
Toggle navigation
Home
News
Guests
Micah Solusod
Location
Hotel
Venue
Events
Artist Alley
Cosplay
Culture
Gaming
Maid Café
Animé and Manga
AMV Contest
Animé Screenings
Manga Library
Musical Events
Panels
Events Schedule
Vendor Hall
Registration
Attendee Registration
Artist Alley Registration
Vendor Registration
Volunteer Registration
Contact Us
JAFAX.ORG PRIVACY POLICY
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who
are concerned with how their Personally Identifiable
Information (PII) is being used online. PII, as described
in US privacy law and information security, is information that
can be used on its own or with other information to identify,
contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in
context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear
understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle
your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our
website.
What PII does JAFAX, Inc collect from visitors accessing our website?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may
be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone
number, credit card information or other details to help you with
your experience.
Additionally, we may use analytic tools to determine how many unique
visitors our site gets, which uses IP and other related information
sent from your web browser to our web server while accessing the
site. These tools do use anonymous site cookies.
When does JAFAX, Inc collect PII?
We collect PII from you when you place an order or voluntarily
enter information on our site for registering to be a volunteer,
or an artist that wants to get a booth for Artist Alley, or be a
vendor in Vendor Hall.
How does JAFAX, Inc use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register,
make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey
or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other
site features in the following ways:
To allow us to better service you in responding to your
customer service requests.
To quickly process your transactions.
How does JAFAX, Inc protect your information?
JAFAX, Inc has partnered with third parties to collect, process,
and at your discretion store PII (credit card numbers, email
addresses, names, addresses, etc.)
In the case of registering as a volunteer, artist, or vendor, the
necessary information is stored securely in private Google Doc and
Sheets storage. None of these forms request credit card numbers.
The site itself does not directly use vulnerability scanning and/or
scanning to PCI standards. As stated earlier, JAFAX, Inc partners
with an external third-party,
EventBrite, to process all purchases using their own PCI-DSS
compliant payment gateway for CC transactions.
Our site is hosted on a system that has appropriate updates and
hardening for hosting a website.
We do not use remote Malware Scanning on access to the site.
Does JAFAX, Inc use 'cookies'?
Yes, we do. However, they are not used for non-anonymous tracking purposes.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a
cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies.
You do this through your browser settings. Since each browser is
a little different, look at your browser's Help Menu to learn the
correct way to modify your cookie settings.
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties
your PII, except for use of handling your credit card transactions
through EventBrite's systems and for volunteer and artist/vendor
registration, which is stored in JAFAX, Inc's private Google Docs
environment.
Third-party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third
party products or services on our website. These third-party sites
have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have
no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of
these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity
of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Use of Google's Services by JAFAX, Inc.
The Google Services JAFAX, Inc. uses include, but are not limited
to:
Google AdSense Advertising
Google Forms
Google Docs and Sheets
Google's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's
Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive
experience for users. See
Google's AdWord Policy FAQ.
Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our
site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to
our users based on previous visits to our site and other sites on
the Internet. Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by
visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy.
We have implemented the following:
Marketing with Google AdSense
Google Display Network Impression Reporting
Demographics and Interests Reporting
We, along with third-party vendors such as Google use first-party
cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party
cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party
identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions
with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate
to our website.
Opting Out of Google AdSense and Cookie Use
Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using
the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by
visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by
using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
Legal Obligations
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial
websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law's
reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or
company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that
operates websites collecting Personally Identifiable Information
from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on
its website stating exactly the information being collected and
those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared. - See
more here.
According to CalOPPA, we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously.
Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to
it on our home page or as a minimum, on the first
significant page after entering our website.
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word 'Privacy' and
can easily be found on the page specified above.
You will be notified of any Privacy Policy changes:
On our Privacy Policy Page
You can change your personal information:
By chatting with us or by sending us a support
ticket
How does JAFAX, Inc's site handle Do Not Track signals?
We honor Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track, plant cookies, or
use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in
place.
Does JAFAX, Inc's site allow third-party behavioral tracking?
It's also important to note that we do not allow third-party
behavioral tracking
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from
children under the age of 13 years old, the Children's Online
Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal
Trade Commission, United States' consumer protection agency,
enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of
websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy
and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years
old.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of
privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have
played a significant role in the development of data protection
laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice
Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply
with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take
the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify you via email Within 7 business days
We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle which requires
that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable
rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere
to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have
enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals
have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate
and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email,
establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients
the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and
spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address when you voluntarily submit it in
order to:
Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other
requests or questions
Process orders and to send information and updates
pertaining to orders.
Send you additional information related to your product
and/or service
Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to
our clients after the original transaction has occurred.
To be in accordance with CAN-SPAM, we agree to the following:
Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable
way.
Include the physical address of our business or site
headquarters.
Monitor third-party email marketing services for
compliance, if one is used.
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom
of each email.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future
emails, Follow the instructions at the bottom of each email. and we
will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may
contact us using the information below.
jafax.org
PO Box 7
Jenison, Michigan 49429
United States
tech@jafax.org
Last Edited on 2019-10-12