http://www.cinemartcinemas.com/privacy-policy/
Now PlayingComing SoonAdvance tickets & Sneak PreviewsShowtimesCalendarPrivate ScreeningsNewsContact UsAbout UsGift CardsMembers
PRIVACY POLICY
Our Privacy Policy
Introduction
Cinemart Cinemas respects each individual’s right to personal privacy. We will collect and use information through our Web site only in the ways disclosed in this statement. This statement applies solely to information collected at Cinemart Cinemas’s Web site.
Part I.  Information Collection
Cinemart Cinemas collects information through our Web site at several points. We collect the following information about primary visitors: IP Address, Email address (when provided).
We collect the following general data that is not personally identifiable information: regions, geographical location etc. We collect demographic data in order to improve the service to our customers. We collect this information through registration forms, clickstream tracking, automatic logging files.
When provided with email address, we verify the accuracy of this information by immediately emailing the individual. If you feel that have received an email by error, please use the link provided in the email to remove yourself from our server.
We usually do not employ cookies. A cookie is a small text file that our Web server places on a user’s computer hard drive to be a unique identifier. Cookies enable Cinemart Cinemas to track usage patterns and deliver customized content to users. If exist, our cookies do not collect personally identifiable information.
Banner advertising appearing on our Web site may collect other information. Such information is collected by third parties and is not under our control.
Part II.  Information Usage.
The information collected by Cinemart Cinemas will be used for site improvement, marketing analysis and providing our client with requested information. Users who provide their email address will receive email announcements listing our services.
Registered users will receive additional announcements from us about products, services, special deals, and a newsletter. Out of respect for the privacy of our users we present the option to not receive these types of communications.
The information we collect will be used to create customer profiles based on browsing or purchasing history. We may supplement information collected at our Web site with data from other sources, such as credit history to authorize purchases.
We offer links to other Web sites. Please note: When you click on links to other Web sites, we encourage you to read their privacy policies. Their standards may differ from ours.
If our policy on information collection or uses changes, will advise you by posting the change in this page.
Part III.  Access to Information
Cinemart Cinemas maintains the accuracy of our information by verifying email addresses. Users may access their own personal information and contact us about inaccuracies they may find by emailing us. Users may delete their information from our database by following the removal procedure described in the emails sent to them.
Part IV. Problem Resolution
If problems arise, users may contact Cinemart Cinemas by Email.  We are committed to resolving disputes as fast as possible.
Part V. Data Storage and Security
Cinemart Cinemas protects user information with the following security measures: secure servers, firewalls, and other technology and procedures used to protect consumer privacy.
SHOWTIMES & TICKETS
Join Us on Facebook
Contact Us
106-03 Metropolitan Ave Forest Hills New York, 11375
(718) 261-2043
info@cinemartcinemas.com