http://www.mslexia.co.uk/privacy-policy/
This website uses cookies to optimise your user experience.
View Our Privacy Policy
Accept
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Mslexia Publications Ltd uses and protects any information given to the company by users of this website.
Mslexia Publications Ltd is committed to protecting the privacy of its website users. Should Mslexia ask users to provide identifiable information when using this website, they can be assured it will only be used in accordance with this privacy policy.
From time to time Mslexia Publications Ltd may update this policy page. Users should check this page periodically to ensure they are satisfied with any changes.
This policy is effective from 25/05/2018
This policy was updated on 25/05/2018
Contacting Us
Write: Mslexia Publications, PO Box 656, Newcastle upon Tyne, NE99 1PZ
Email: postbag@mslexia.co.uk
Phone: +44 (0) 191 204 8860
Your Personal Data
Mslexia may collect the following information:
name, organisation and job title
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
Mslexia requires this personal information for the following reasons:
provide the products and services you have requested
administer your account
internal record keeping
What Mslexia does with personal data
All personal data is processed by Mslexia staff in our UK office. However, for the purposes of IT hosting, this information may be located on servers in the UK. No third parties have access to your personal data and we abide by all UK data protection legislation.
How long Mslexia keeps personal data
If you have purchased a product from Mslexia, then by law we are required to keep your personal data as a record of those transactions for seven years in order to comply with our legal obligations. Otherwise we delete all records after a period of five years from the point at which we stop receiving communications from you. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you with services please contact us.
Contacting You
Mslexia would like to use your personal data to contact you
From time to time Mslexia would like to contact you with details products, offers, competitions or services which we provide (only if you agree)
Mslexia would like to send you this information by email and/or post (only if you agree)
Mslexia will never sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your consent or are required to do so by law.
Please note: you can unsubscribe from these communications at any time.
Your Rights
Your right to correct your information
If at any point you believe the information, which we have for you, is incorrect, you can correct it – simply contact us and we will action your request.
Your right for information
You may request details of personal information that we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. If you would like a copy of the information held by Mslexia, please write to us at: Mslexia Publications Ltd., PO Box 656, Newcastle upon Tyne, NE99 1PZ.
Your right to unsubscribe
If you’d rather not hear from Mslexia, you can simply unsubscribe from our mailings via the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email. You can also unsubscribe via out website here, email us at unsubscribe@mslexia.co.uk, contact us by post (Mslexia Publications Ltd., PO Box 656, Newcastle upon Tyne, NE99 1PZ) or call us on 0191 204 8860 and we will remove you from our records.
Your right to be forgotten
If you have purchased a product from us, then by law we are required to keep your personal data as a record of those transactions for seven years. Otherwise, if you would like Mslexia to remove your personal data from our records, we can do so. Simply contact us by email (postbag@mslexia.co.uk), call us on 0191 204 8860 or notify us in writing (Mslexia Publications Ltd., PO Box 656, Newcastle upon Tyne, NE99 1PZ).
Security
Mslexia is committed to ensuring that personal information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, Mslexia has put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information collected online.
How Mslexia uses cookies
Mslexia uses traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. Mslexia only uses this information for statistical analysis purposes, then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help Mslexia provide users with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages users find useful or not. A cookie in no way gives us access to a user’s computer or any information about users, other than the data users choose to share with us.
Users can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but users can modify their browser setting to decline cookies if they prefer. This may however, prevent users from taking full advantage of the website.
Link to other websites
Our website may contain links so that users can easily visit other websites of interest. Mslexia does not have any control over linked websites, therefore Mslexia cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information users provide whilst visiting linked sites. This privacy statement does not govern linked sites; users should exercise caution and read the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
I love Little Ms because I can't mislay it, it's always there on my computer till the next one.
Karen Steele
×Close
Search for:
Search
×Close
×Close
Get the magazine
Find your perfect mslexia Magazine subscription package
Print
Sign up to our quarterly print magazine here. Annual Direct Debit is the most cost-effective way to subscribe at just £24.75 a year – or you can choose to subscribe through Annual PayPal Subscription for £24.75 a year, or take out a One-Year Subscription from £34.75.
Read more
Mslexia Max
Mslexia Max is our online members’ area, available only to subscribers of Mslexia magazine. Upgrade your subscription, or if you’re thinking of subscribing to Mslexia, jump in and take advantage of our Mslexia Max subscription bundles.
Read more
Digital
Four digital issues of the magazine, plus access to our huge digital archives from just £19.99. Digital subscriptions are available for both institutions and individuals.
Read more