http://www.fruitmarket.co.uk/privacy-notice/
Main MenuHome
OPEN OUT
Events
Exhibitions
About
Engagement
Archive
Support
Bookshop
0 items - £0.00
Home
--The Fruitmarket Gallery Exhibition DVDs
Return to Content
You are here: Home > Privacy Notice
How we protect and use your information
Who we are
The Fruitmarket Gallery is a company limited by guarantee and recognised as a Scottish charity. It is partly funded by Creative Scotland, with grants from Trusts and Foundations, donations from Patrons and individuals and income from retail activity.  It is supported by Edinburgh City Council.
The Fruitmarket Gallery is committed to providing a welcoming, informative environment in which to make contemporary art accessible to audiences of all ages and levels of understanding.
The information we use and where we get it from
We collect and process various types of personal information, such as name, address and contact details.  Your information will have been collected by us from information supplied by you, in response to your opening an account with us through our bookshop or subscribing to our e-notices.
We analyse website usage to determine areas of interest for developing our audience and we keep track of usage data such as source address, date and time of access. Web site data is used for reporting purposes and cannot be attributed to you as an individual.
Your rights
You have a number of legal rights to control what we do with your information. You can request from us a copy of the information we hold about you.  You can request us to correct or update information that is wrong.  You can request that we stop using your data or delete your data, in which cases we will cease to contact you.
How we use your information
We use your information to keep you informed about forthcoming Fruitmarket exhibitions, events and activities.  If you have given us permission, we will contact you through e-notices.  We will use your information to process any on-line bookshop transactions you make with us.  We also use it to comply with laws and regulations that apply to us.
Sharing your information outside FMG
We keep your information confidential and will not share your information with third parties, unless we are required to do so for legal or regulatory purposes.
Transferring information overseas
The information we hold on you will be used and stored in the UK. We will not transfer your information overseas
Communications and Marketing
Unless you have told us not to, we will send you information relating to exhibitions, activities, events and bookshop products that we think will be of interest and relevant to you. Communication may be by email, text messaging, social media app or by post. If you change your mind and no longer want to receive these communications you can tell us at any time. We will not share your information with third parties for their own marketing purposes.
How long we keep your information
We do not keep your information for longer than we need to, which, in case of enquiries, is usually up to two years after your relationship with the Fruitmarket ends, unless we are required to keep it longer (for example due to a court order or investigation by law enforcement agencies or regulators)
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure with us and remains confidential and accurate.  We may monitor or record calls, emails, text messages or other communications in order to protect you and us.
Use of Photographs
We regularly commission a photographer to take images of exhibitions, events and activities at the Fruitmarket Gallery.  We use some of these images on our web site, on social media and in print to promote the activities of the Fruitmarket.  We try and ensure that the subject(s) of the photograph(s) (or a parent/carer) grant permission for their image to be used for our promotional purposes.  If you wish your image not to be used or removed from our promotional material you can tell us at any time.
Complaints
If you have any queries about our Privacy Policy, how we handle your data or for removal or correction of your data, please contact our Data Protection Officer.
if you would like to complain about how we handle your data, please contact our Data Protection Officer.  If we are unable to resolve your complaint you may take it to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO).
The Fruitmarket Gallery may be contacted by email (info@fruitmarket.co.uk); by telephone: 0131 225 2383; or by post at 45 Market Street, Edinburgh EH1 1DF
Welcome
The Fruitmarket Gallery programmes exhibitions with the best Scottish and International artists and enriches these with a new publication and a wide variety of cultural and educational events.
What’s On
The Gallery is closed for redevelopment but we are working offsite and organising events and workshops during the closure. Check the calendar above for events or follow us on social media.
Keep In Touch
Join our mailing list for the latest news from The Fruitmarket Gallery
JOIN OUR NEWSLETTER
Donate
Make a donation today and play an important part in securing the future of the Fruitmarket.