https://www.debracowan.net/privacy-policy
Keep in contact through the following social networks or via RSS feed:
Home
Books
The Whirlwind, Texas Series
Whirlwind Bride
Whirlwind Wedding
Whirlwind Groom
Whirlwind Baby
Whirlwind Secrets
Whirlwind Reunion
Whirlwind Redemption
Whirlwind Cowboy
The Hot Zone Series
Burning Love
Melting Point
Wild Fire
The Private Bodyguard
The Vigilante Lover
The Forbidden Bride
Historical Romances
The Cowboy’s Reluctant Bride
Once Upon a Frontier Christmas
The Marshal and Miss Merritt
Almost Home
Our House
The Matchmaker
For Pete’s Sake
A Secret Yearning
Still Sweet
If Only
Contemporary Romantic Suspense
Witness Undercover
The Garrett Brothers Series
Dare to Remember
The Rescue of Jenna West
One Silent Night
Cover Me!
Still the One
Paranormal Romantic Suspense
The Ledoux Curse
Seeing Red
Printable Book List
About Debra
News & Updates
Contact
Privacy Policy
Last Updated May 25, 2018
Debra Cowan, et. al (“us”, “we”, “our” or “the author”) respects the privacy of our users (“user” or “you”). This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, disclose, and safeguard your information when you visit our website (https://debracowan.net/) including any other media form, media channel, mobile website, or mobile application related or connected thereto (collectively, the “Site”). If you have any questions about our policy or how your data is used, feel free to use the Contact button at the top of the page to reach out to us. We are happy to answer any inquiry. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS THE SITE.
Our fundamental principles regarding personal data
• We do not sell data. Period.
• We do not distribute data unless compelled by law or at your explicit direction, which must be submitted in writing.
• We do not ask for personal information or data unless it’s needed to provide a service or information on a service.
• We do not store personal information or data unless required for providing on-going service, or as legally required.
WHAT PERSONAL DATA OR INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT FROM OUR VISITORS?
DebraCowan.net collects your name (should you choose to give it), email and IP address when you fill out our Contact Form.
HOW YOUR PERSONAL DATA IS USED
CONTACT FORMS
The Contact Form on this site requests only the most necessary personal data – your name and email – for us to communicate with you about our services.
BLOG OR PAGE COMMENTS
If you elect to comment on any published page or blog post on our site, the name and email address you enter into the comment form, along with your computer’s IP address and the date and time of the comment will be saved to our site database. The Personal Data you enter is used solely to identify you as a commenter on the respective page or blog post. Your Personal Data is not shared with or processed by a third party, but it will remain in our database until the comment is deleted or the respective page or post is deleted. On the public-facing site, only the name you entered will be visible alongside the comment, although if you make a comment with an email associated with a Gravatar account, your Gravatar image will be also be displayed. If you ever wish us to remove your Personal Data from our site, please make a request through the Contact page, using the same email address you used to comment. NOTE: We strongly urge you to never include personal or identifying data in comments on this site.
NEWSLETTERS AND MAILING LISTS
If you contact the author, you will be offered the opportunity to join a general mailing list, which keeps Debra Cowan’s readers informed of the following:
• Any new book releases or reissues.
• Any opportunity to enter contests for free giveaways of books or other items.
• General news related to the author and her books.
If you consent to join a general mailing list, you will be added to the list. If you do not consent, you will not be added to the list. If you consent but decide to opt-out later, you may opt out or unsubscribe by contacting us directly through our website using the Contact Form. Removal requests will be honored immediately and completely.
COOKIES
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer’s hard drive.
Like many sites, we use “cookies” to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Site.
DebraCowan.net may use first-party and third-party cookies so that you may directly interact with this website. However, this website does not use third-party services that may place cookies on your computer, i.e. YouTube or sharing blog posts. You can view our Cookie Policy here.
GOOGLE ANALYTICS
This website doesn’t use Google Analytics to monitor and analyze the use of our website. Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic and uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of websites.
DO NOT TRACK
We do not currently support Do Not Track (“DNT”), which is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked. You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.
SECURITY OF DATA
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially
acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
THIRD-PARTY DISCLOSURE
DebraCowan.net does not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifying information unless you request in writing for us to do so. We do not use the services of various Service Providers that may do this.
Please note: There may be some instances where DebraCowan.net may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
• Comply with a legal obligation
• Protect and defend the rights or property of DebraCowan.net
• Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with our services
• Protect others’ rights, property, or safety.
• Protect against legal liability
TRANSFER OF DATA
Due to the global nature of the internet and internet services, your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country, or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction. If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to the United States, where DebraCowan.net is located, and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.  DebraCowan.net will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
YOUR RIGHTS
DebraCowan.net aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data. Whenever you choose, you can update your Personal Data directly by using our general Contact Form.
LINKS TO OTHER SITES
Our website may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.  We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
Our website and services do not address anyone under the age of 13 (“Children”). We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason. We will alert you about any changes by updating the “Revised” date of this Privacy Policy. Any changes or modifications will be effective immediately upon posting the updated Privacy Policy on the Site, and you waive the right to receive specific notice of each such change or modification. You are encouraged to periodically review this Privacy Policy to stay informed of updates. You will be deemed to have been made aware of, will be subject to, and will be deemed to have accepted the changes in any revised Privacy Policy by your continued use of the Site after the date such revised Privacy Policy is posted.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
Share
Share
Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy
Copyright © 2020. Debra Cowan. All Rights Reserved.
An Austin DesignWorks Production
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website.Got it!Cookie Policy