http://www.1iota.com/company/privacy
Accessibility Help
skip to main navigation
skip to main content
skip to log in or sign up
skip to log in or sign up
You must set your browser to accept cookies in order to access certain functions of this site, including requesting tickets.
An error occurred, redirecting you to the home page in 5 sec.
Toggle navigation
Get Tickets
See Stars
Browse Calendar
Help
Toggle navigation
LogIn
SignUp
LogIn
SignUp
Privacy Policy
Introduction
The Privacy Policy below will govern your 1iota membership and any information you provide on this site. In order to become a member of 1iota we must ask you to provide us with information about yourself. This Privacy Policy describes the information we collect and how we use that information. 1iota takes the privacy of your personal information very seriously and will use your information only in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Changes of Policy
This policy may be revised over time as new features are added to 1iota or as we incorporate new suggestions from our members. If we are going to use or disclose your personally identifiable information in a manner materially different from that stated at the time we collected the information, you will be notified by email or by means of a notice on our homepage. 1iota may make improvements and/or changes in our services or products described in the site, including the terms and conditions of your use of this site, without liability. 1iota reserves the right to change these conditions at any time.
Required Information
When you register for an account with our site you will be asked for your contact information such as first and last name, gender, birthday, city, state, zip code, phone number and e-mail. In order to become a basic member of 1iota, you must provide this information to us. As a member of 1iota you authorize us to collect and maintain this information and to use it consistent with the terms of this Privacy Policy.  A user can access their submitted information and make changes at any time on the “my basic account info” section of the site. A user’s last name cannot be altered on the site due to members’ attempts to transfer e-tickets which are non-transferable. To alter your last name, please send an email to support@1iota.com.  A user can also cancel their membership at any time by visiting the “resign your account” section of the site.
Termination of your membership does not affect the lawfulness of processing or using any information that you provided to us based on consent before termination.   If you are a European resident please note that your information will be transferred outside Europe. If necessary, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. You have the right to object at any time to processing of personal data for direct marketing purposes, which includes profiling to the extent that it is related to such direct marketing.
Optional Information
Our site offers members the ability to set up an optional casting profile, under the “my casting info” section of the site. Information included in this profile pertains to members " personal attributes, interests, and preferences, such as, ethnicity, hair color, eye color, height, weight and special skills. Our site also offers members the ability to submit and store photos of themselves, under the “my photo” section of the site. Our site offers members the ability to receive wireless updates by entering your wireless number on the “my wireless alerts section” of the site and checking the “please send 1iota updates and information box.”  A member can opt-out of this feature at any time by unchecking the same box. Our site offers members the ability to receive emails from the site regarding upcoming events and event updates. A member can opt-out of receiving emails by clicking the “please send me 1iota event updates and info” on the “my email preferences” section of the site. If you choose to use our referral service to email a friend about an upcoming event, we will ask you for your friend’s name and email address. We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site.  If you are identified by a friend using our referral service, you will also receive a one-time email inviting you to visit the site. 1iota does not store this information.
Customer Feedback
We encourage you to share your comments and questions with us. We promise to read all the mail that is sent to us, but we may not be able to respond to it all. We will retain such information in the records of your membership. We retain these records in order to measure and improve our customer service. We may, over time, delete these records if permitted by law.
Use and Disclosure
We use the information we collect about you in order to (1) provide membership services, (2) determine your eligibility to be selected for special events, shows and targeted marketing opportunities, and (3) to operate our site efficiently and continue to improve our membership relations and services.
Disclosure to Third Parties
1iota will not share any of your personally identifiable information with third parties except in the limited circumstances described below.
If selected for a show, 1iota will be authorized to use the information provided, to grant you access to the event and take the proper security precautions required by event staff or security (such as background checks). Background checks will only be done when attending a national security event, which will be specified in the event description. A background check will take place upon registering for that event by the respected government agency.
We use contact information to send the user information needed to maintain their account, to contact them when necessary, and to notify them of news about our company. We also use customer contact information to send the user promotional material from some of our partners.
We may provide the information you provide to us to the organizers of the events that you want to attend or that you actually attend or their affiliates, representatives or designees, and they may use such information consistent with their own privacy policies which could be more permissive than the terms set forth in the 1iota Privacy Policy.
We share aggregated statistical data with our business partners or for public relations. We may provide aggregate statistics about our customers, sales, traffic patterns, and related site information to reputable third-party vendors. However, these statistics will not include personal identifying information.
Account information may be released when we believe, in good faith, that such release is reasonably necessary to: (1) comply with applicable law; (2) enforce or apply the terms of any of our user agreements; or (3) protect the rights, property or safety of our members and/or any third parties.
As with any other business, it is possible that in the future 1iota could merge with or be acquired by another company. If such an acquisition occurs, the successor company would have access to the information maintained by 1iota, including customer account information, but would continue to be bound by this Privacy Policy unless and until it is amended as described above in the "Changes of Policy" section.
Cookies and Other Information
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s computer for record-keeping purposes. We do use cookies on this site. We do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site. We use session ID cookies and persistent cookies. We use session cookies for authentication purposes, and we use persistent cookies only to remember user names not passwords. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. We set a persistent cookie to store your Screen Name, so you don’t have to enter it more than once. To remove a persistent cookie, uncheck the “remember me” box on the log in screen. If you reject cookies, you may still visit our site, but your ability to login will be limited.
When you visit 1iota.com as a user or member of our site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device.  Additionally, as you browse 1iota.com, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search items referred you to 1iota.com, and information about how you interact with the website.  However, unless you register as a member of 1iota we do not collect any personally identifiable information from your having only visited our site.
Security
1iota is committed to handling your membership information with a high standard of security. The security of your 1iota membership also relies on your protection of your 1iota password/Id number. We strongly urge that you never share your 1iota password/Id number with anyone. You will only be asked for your 1iota password/ID number if you are logging in as a user. If you believe someone else has obtained access to your password, please change it immediately or request it to be changed by contacting us.
Request Access and Request to Delete Personal Information (in compliance with California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018)
As of January 1, 2020, 1iota intends to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended.  As such, you have the right, subject to undue expense and other exceptions, to request personal information collected about you by 1iota within the preceding twelve (12) months of such request.  Such information will be provided to you within forty-five (45) days of 1iota’s receipt of your verifiable request, unless additional time of forty-five (45) days is reasonably necessary for 1iota to provide such information to you. In such event, 1iota will provide notice to you of this extension within forty-five (45) days of your request. Again, except as specifically set forth in this Privacy Policy, 1iota does not sell your personal information and your personal information is not distributed to third parties.
If a verifiable request by you for such information is received by 1iota, 1iota will provide the following information:
1) The categories of personal information we collected about you.
2) The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
3) Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.
4) The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
5) The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you.
6) If we disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, we will identify the personal information categories that each recipient obtained.
1iota also want you to know that you have the right to request that 1iota deletes all personal information collected by 1iota about you, subject to certain exceptions. Subject to verification, please use the below toll-free phone number and/or email address to request that 1iota provide to you your personal information collected by 1iota, or to request that 1iota delete all personal information that 1iota has collected about you. You will not be subject to any penalty or other discrimination by 1iota as result of your request for 1iota to provide or delete your personal information. 1iota will delete such personal information upon receipt of your request to delete such information. You may make these requests up to two (2) times in a span of twelve (12) months.
In the event that 1iota is not compliant with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”), please use the below phone number or email address to provide us notice of such non-compliance, and 1iota will then use commercially reasonable efforts to become compliant, subject to undue expense and other exceptions, within thirty (30) days of receipt of such notice. Please provide the specific provision of the CCPA with which 1iota is alleged to be non-compliant, if any.
888-288-5813 or personalinformationrequest@1iota.com
Only you, or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information.  You may also make a verifiable request on behalf of your minor child. The verifiable consumer request must: (i) provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify that you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative, and (ii) describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.  Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. However, we do consider requests made through your password protected account sufficiently verified when the request relates to personal information with that specific account.
The obligations imposed on businesses by CCPA shall not restrict 1iota’s ability to (i) comply with federal, state, or local laws, (ii) comply with civil, criminal, or regulatory inquiry, investigation, subpoena, or summons by federal, state, or local authorities, (iii) cooperate with law enforcement agencies concerning conduct or activity that the business, service provider, or third party reasonably and in good faith believes may violate federal, state, or local law, (iv) exercise or defend legal claims, or (v) collect, use, retain, sell, or disclose consumer information that is deidentified or in the aggregate consumer information.
Contact Info
1iota Productions LLC8687 Melrose Ave Suite G301West Hollywood, CA 90069
support@1iota.com
Last Updated: 12/30/2019
No
Yes