http://www.northlight-images.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Northlight Images Cookies, Affiliate Marketing and Privacy Policy
Privacy and data use for our web site visitors and newsletter subscribers
This privacy policy sets out how Northlight Images uses and protects any information that you give Northlight Images when you use this website OR our photographic or training services.
Northlight Images is a trading name of Northlight IT Ltd., a company registered in England and Wales, No. 3589027.
Our UK VAT registration number is 715 6562 29
We have a separate set of terms and conditions relating to all our commercial photography, training and consultancy services.
Northlight Images is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website OR when contacting us for a quotation/additional information OR when using our services, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Northlight Images may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
This policy last updated and is effective from May 25th 2018.
Contact details :
Northlight Images, 86 Harrow Road
Leicester, Leicestershire, UK. LE3 0JW
Telephone (Mon-Fri. 9am-5pm) +44 (0)116 291 9092
Email us via the Contact Form
More details About our business
The data we collect
We may collect the following information:
Your name
Your contact information including email address, business address or home address
Demographic information such as post code, preferences and interests
Other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
Our legal basis for collecting your data
Our legal basis to use your data depends on how we’ve collected it:
we have collected data from you because you have signed up to receive our email newsletter
we have collected data from you in order to perform a contract
What we do with the data we collect
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping – including for quotations, invoices and image licenses
We may use the information to improve our products and services
We may periodically send promotional email about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided
We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests
We will only contact people who have indicated that they are happy to receive information from us.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure.
In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect on-line.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the web site.
Advertising content and third party cookies
Advertising helps us defray the running costs of the Northlight Images web site – the content of some adverts is dependent on where you are viewing the site from. All advertising from third parties is offered for your information, without any recommendation or endorsement from Northlight Images.
Please be aware that some of the advertisers on our site may use cookies and or web tracking technologies in connection with advertisements placed on our site through our participation in the Google AdSense program.
In particular, Google uses cookies in a variety of ways see:
How Google uses data when you use their partners’ sites or apps
You can usually alter your browser’s behaviour with regard to cookies, such as accepting cookies from sites visited, but declining 3rd party (advertiser’s) cookies.
Affiliate marketing
As an Amazon Associate we earn from qualifying purchases:
We are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites. Product prices and availability are accurate as of the date/time indicated and are subject to change.
This site is a participant in the Amazon Europe S.à r.l. Associates Programme, an affiliate advertising programme designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon .fr and .de sites.
Amazon and the Amazon logo are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates.
We are members of several other affiliate marketing schemes, which earn us commissions on purchases – such schemes are clearly identified on relevant pages on the site.
Links to other sites
Our web pages may contain links to enable you to visit other web sites of interest easily.
However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement.
You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
Only if you subscribe to the Northlight Images Mailing List, or if you are a registered customer of Northlight Images (i.e. have contacted us for information OR have used our photographic or training services) will we make use of any personal information you have provided us with.
You can unsubscribe from our mailing lists by selecting the unsubscribe link on any Mailing List emails we send to you, or you can contact us at any time requesting to be removed from our Mailing List.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we are compelled to do so by law.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) 2018.
Northlight Images recognises your right to:
access any personal data we hold about you
correct any inaccurate data we may hold about you
have erased any personal data we may hold about you
object about any personal data we may hold about you
If you would like to exercise any of the above rights or request a copy of the information held on you please write to:
Karen Cooper
Director
Northlight Images
86 Harrow Rd., Leicester
LE3 0JW
karen@northlight-images.co.uk
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at address above.
We will promptly correct – within 72 hours – any information found to be incorrect.