http://www.ncsymphony.org/privacy/
PRIVACY POLICY
This is the web site of North Carolina Symphony.
Our postal address is:
3700 Glenwood Avenue
Suite 130
Raleigh, NC 27612
We can be reached via e-mail at info@ncsymphony.org
or you can reach us by telephone at (919) 733-2750
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes only the consumer’s domain name, but not the e-mail address (where possible).
We collect only the domain name, but not the e-mail address of visitors to our Web page, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations.
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web page, used to notify consumers about updates to our Web site, shared with other reputable organizations to help them contact consumers for informational and/or marketing purposes. With respect to cookies: We use cookies to record session information, such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address. If you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by contacting us using the contact information listed at the top of this document. Please provide your exact name and phone number as well as postal and email address when sending correspondence.
To subscribe/unsubscribe from our @llegro Newsletter – please visit the following link: https://www.ncsymphony.org/newsletter/index.cfm
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them. Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information, communications that the consumer/visitor has directed to the site. Consumers can have this information corrected by contacting us using the contact information listed above.
With respect to security: we always use industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving consumer data exchanged with our site. When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as personal and financial information, we redirect visitors to a secure server and will notify visitors through a pop-up screen on our site. We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us using the contact information listed above.
Please note that this policy applies only to sites maintained by North Carolina Symphony, and not to web sites maintained by other organizations to which we link.