http://www.warburton-usa.com/index.php/warburton-policies
World Class Brass since 1974
Warburton Music Products
Google Map
2189 N. US Highway 1 - Titusville, FL 32796
Toll Free in USA: (800) 638-1950
Local and Worldwide: (407) 366-1991
Fax: (208) 246-3410
Subscribe to our Newsletter!HomeContact UsDealersOnline StoreeBay StoreEvents Calendar
Home
Warburton Policies
Main Menu
Products and ServicesAccessories / BooksFAQCustomer EndorsementsWarburton StaffDealersWarburton PoliciesMedia/Product ReviewsVideos==== ONLINE STORE ====
Quick Links
Warburton TrumpetSignature TrumpetsWarburton CornetWarburton FlugelhornMutesTrumpet, Cornet, and Flugelhorn Mouthpieces and BackboresTrombone, Euphonium, and Baritone MouthpiecesTuba MouthpiecesFrench Horn MouthpiecesSpecial O.P.S.P.E.T.E.The BuzzardA.T.V.A.P.E.Horn GripGAP CHECKCLEAN-STROKE Valve WashPDQ Valve OilModular Sax NeckWoodwind MouthpiecesTrumpet Trade-Ins For SaleT-Shirts and HatsIngram - MuteMeister Mutes
Warburton Policies
Instrument Warranty InformationAll Gold-plated and custom product sales are finaland not eligible for return/exchange. Return PolicyEffective 1/1/09 We truly appreciate your business, and we want you to be 100% happy with your purchase.
However, we understand the importance of trying out our products. If you are not completely satisfied with an item, for any reason, you can return it for a refund with the following refund guidelines applied: All product returns for refunds must be completed within 30 days of shipping date.Saxophone mouthpieces and sax neck products are subject to $10 restock fee.All other mouthpieces and backbores are subject to a $10 per piece restocking fee to cover the inspection, sterilization and re-work required to re-condition the pieces.Original order shipping charges are not refundable and the customer is responsible for shipping charges for the return product. Product should be properly packaged for return in original packaging and boxes, if possible.
Be sure to cover the original shipping address on the outside carton. For your protection, be sure to retain the tracking number. Please insure the package for the value of the merchandise.
We are not responsible for lost or stolen merchandise.Send your return to:Warburton Music Products2189 N US 1Titusville, FL 32796(407)366-1991Refunds will be processed within 10 days and credit will be issued to the original credit card.
If payment was made by check, a
check will be issued and mailed to you.Exchange PolicyEffective 1/1/09 We are happy to process exchanges with the following guidelines applied:All product returns for exchanges must be completed within 30 days of shipping date.All mouthpieces and backbores are subject to a $10 per piece restocking fee to cover the inspection, sterilization and re-work required to re-condition the pieces.Original order shipping charges are not refundable and the customer is responsible for shipping charges for the return product.Product should be properly packaged for return in original packaging and boxes, if possible.
Be sure to cover the original shipping address on the outside carton. For your protection, be sure to retain the tracking number. Please insure the package for the value of the merchandise.
We are not responsible for lost or stolen merchandise.Send your exchange item(s) to:Warburton Music Products2189 N US 1Titusville, FL 32796(407)366-1991We will process the exchange and ship requested exchange items.
Shipping charges will apply to exchange items and will be charged to the original credit card.and Any difference in price will be charged or refunded to the original credit card.
If you prefer to pay by check, a check for the difference should accompany the exchange item(s).
If a refund is due from a check payment, a check will be issued and mailed to you.Custom Work Policy
Effective 2/1/11 Credit cards are charged at the time order
is placed. Custom orders are
completed as soon as possible with the
understanding that additional
design and programming time, machining
time or hand-finishing is
required for custom mouthpieces. Custom
orders are not returnable.Shipping Policy
Effective 1/1/19
Warburton Music
Products ships merchandise to domestic and international locations. Most
orders ship within one week of order. In the event items are out of
stock, customer will be notified of delay and given an estimated ship
date.
The risk of loss and title for all
merchandise ordered on this Web site pass to the customer when the
merchandise is delivered to the shipping carrier.
Customers
should select the preferred shipping option from the several different
options available for shipping through UPS and USPS with the following
in mind:
USPS Express Signature Required and
UPS are the most secure options to avoid a lost or stolen package. USPS
Express Signature Required is the most secure option for international
orders.
Orders will be shipped according to method selected and to address provided by customer.
Warburton is not responsible for lost or stolen packages due to:
1. Mistakes in address provided
2. Loss or theft due to shipping method selected by customer
International Customs may delay your order arrival.
The customer is responsible for any customs and duty charges applied to the order.
If
we cannot verify an international address or we have any concerns about
a potential fraudulent order, we reserve the right to refuse payment by
credit card or paypal.
In case of packages damaged in shipping:
Report the damage immediately with photos by email:
This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it
Warburton will give instructions for product return and will replace damaged product upon receipt and inspection.
Privacy Policy Privacy Statement and Terms of UseWarburton-usa.com collects customer information to enhance your shopping experience. The privacy policy and terms of use are written to help you understand what information we gather about you when you visit this Web site, how we use that information, and the safeguards we have in place for that information. This Privacy Statement applies only to the information collected online at www.warburton-usa.com. Information We Collect Online1. General Browsing InformationWarburton-usa.com gathers navigational information during each visitor's use of our Web site. In the process of gathering navigational information, non-personally identifiable information (i.e. domain type, browser version, service provider and IP address) may be collected. The navigational information tells bikiniflavors.com about the use of our Web site by visitors, including the areas of our site that are most visited or the time of a last visit to a page on our site. It also tells us about the technical efficiencies of our Web site and services (i.e. the time it takes a visitor to connect to our Web site or download pages). The navigational information helps us better understand a visitor's experience at warburton-usa.com and improve upon that experience by recognizing and delivering more of the features, services and products our visitors prefer. 2. Personal InformationWarburton-usa.com will ask you to provide personal information when you shop online at our site, or sign up for Warburton-usa Email or newsletter.
Categories of information collected include name, address, e-mail address, recipient's name and e-mail address, order information, telephone number and credit card information.
Using Personal Information We Collect OnlineWarburton-usa.com uses the personal information we collect from you to deliver products that you have ordered, to fulfill requests that you have created, to contact you or the product recipient(s) in the event of order or delivery difficulties, for verification purposes, to respond to your inquiries, and to deliver services and information about our products or Web site, including adding you to the Warburton Music Products E-mail list and to our print mailing list when you sign up or make a purchase. We will use the information you provide when you sign up for Warburton Music Products E-mail to send you updates about Warburton Music products, promotions and events. In addition, we will use your name, mailing address, and e-mail address provided during such sign up in all the ways described in this privacy statement. Warburton Music Products EmailWarburton Music Products E-mail allows you to receive exclusive information about special offers, media events, new products, and much more. If you're not already registered, simply complete our sign up form to receive these special messages. If at any time you would like to stop future delivery of Warburton Music Products E-mail, please follow the removal instructions located at the bottom of each message or complete the "removal from e-mail" form. Asking to be removed from Warburton Music Products E-mail will not prevent you from receiving e-mail communications relating to any online order you place at Warburton-usa.com, requests to participate in surveys about our products or other operational e-mail communications. Information We Share With Third PartiesWarburton Music Products’ policy is to respect and protect the privacy of our users. This policy statement tells you how we collect information from you and how we use it. Warburton Music Products wants to make your online experience as easy and enjoyable as possible. Accordingly, Warburton Music Products does not extract without permission personal information about its visitors or their computer at any time while on Warburton Music Products’ website. Warburton Music Products will NOT sell, rent or give a visitor's personal information to any third party unless Warburton Music Products asks for and receives the visitor's permission at the time the personal information is collected. Warburton Music Products will, however, analyze information about our visitors as a group to make our website better, but visitors are not individually identified when we do this. This information will be used to enhance our future marketing efforts. It may also be used by our marketing partners to bring you offers of interest. Warburton Music Products occasionally shares other information about our users with advertisers, business partners, sponsors and other third parties in aggregate, not as individuals. This data is used to customize Warburton Music Products content for our users. Children's Privacy PolicyWe value our relationship with our guests of all ages. We welcome parents and their children to explore our site together. In accordance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, we will not gather or use personal information from any guest who indicates they are less than 13 years of age. We invite their parent or guardian to assist the pre-teen guest in any sweepstakes or ordering activity with Warburton Music Products. If we become aware that we've gathered personal information from a minor, we will remove that information from our records immediately. Links to Other SitesUsers should be aware that when you are on warburton-usa.com, you could be directed to other sites that are beyond our control. There may be links to other sites from warburton-usa.com from online pages that take you outside our service. These other sites may send their own cookies to users, collect data or solicit personal information. Please keep in mind that whenever you give out personal information online that information can be collected and used by people you don't know. While Warburton Music Products strives to protect its user's personal information and privacy, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose online and you do so at your own risk. Warburton Music Products policy does not extend to anything inherent in the operation of the Internet, and therefore beyond Warburton Music Products’ control, and is not to be applied in any manner contrary to applicable law or governmental regulation. We reserve the right at our discretion to make changes to this policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for changes. Security PolicyAt Warburton-usa.com we protect the integrity of our customers' credit card information. We use Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology to protect the security of your credit card information as it is transmitted to us. We may use third parties to help us provide services to you such as fulfilling orders, processing payments, monitoring site activity, maintaining our database, and administering e-mails. If you make a purchase through warburton-usa.com, the information you provide (for example, name, address, credit card) will be added to a database. You should be aware that we may disclose specific information about you if necessary to do so by law or based on our good faith belief that it is necessary to conform or comply with the law or is necessary to protect the users of our Web site or the public. Visitors From Outside The U.S.If you are visiting warburton-usa.com from a location outside of the U.S., your orders placed through warburton-usa.com will be accepted and fully processed in and shipped from the U.S. All information you provide will be maintained in our Web servers and/or internal systems located within the U.S., and protected as noted in this privacy policy. Any order that we cannot verify an international address or that we feel is fraudulent we will refuse to accept payment by credit card. Cookies1. What are cookies and how do we use cookies on our Web site? Warburton-usa.com uses a browser feature known as a cookie. A cookie is a small data file that is stored by your Web browser on your computer. Cookies are used to help track your clicks and pass information as you go through the pages within our website. This allows Warburton-usa.com to make our site more responsive to your needs by delivering a better and more personalized experience to you. Warburton-usa.com also uses cookies to keep track of how many items you put into your shopping bag and to remember you when you return to our website. We also use cookies and/or a technology known as clear gifs, which are typically stored in e-mails to help us confirm your receipt of, and response to, our e-mails and to provide you a more personalized experience. Cookies can allow us to associate navigational information from browsing visits with personal information you provide at our site. Your ConsentBy using our website and giving us your information, you agree that we may collect and use this information. Any changes to our privacy policy will be posted on our site. Questions Or ConcernsIf you have questions or concerns with respect to our Privacy Policy, please feel free to email us at
This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it
. Security StatementWarburton-usa.com takes the following types of security measures: use of technologies and policies such as firewall technology and secure socket layer certificate authentication for credit card information. In addition, it is our policy not to send your credit card number via e-mail. In fact, this is a practice we encourage you to adopt in all of your Internet activities. We designed warburton-usa.com to accept orders only from Web browsers that permit communication through Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology; for example, 4.0 versions or higher of Netscape Navigator, versions 5.01 or higher of Internet Explorer, versions 0.8 or higher of Firefox and versions 1.2 or higher of Safari. SSL is encryption technology that provides security while information is being transmitted over the Internet. While we implement the above security measures on this site, you should be aware that 100% security is not always possible. Errors and Inaccuracies Our goal is to provide complete, accurate, and up-to-date information on our website. Unfortunately, it is not possible to ensure that any website is completely free of human or technological errors. This website may contain typographical mistakes, inaccuracies, or omissions, some of which may relate to pricing and availability, and product information. We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions, including after an order has been submitted and to change or update information at any time without prior notice. This Privacy Statement is effective January 1, 2009
Copyright © 2019 Warburton Music Products. All Rights Reserved.
WARNING: Cancer and Reproductive Harm