http://www.gonnahitcharide.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
GONNAHITCHARIDE.COM Privacy Policy
(Last updated: February 2015)
gonnahitcharide.com is committed to protecting your privacy. This gonnahitcharide.com privacy statement applies to data collection and usage on gonnahitcharide.com web site and services. gonnahitcharide.com is a general audience web site, intended for users of all ages. Personal information of all users is collected, used and disclosed as described in this Privacy Statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
At gonnahitcharide.com we collect personal information, such as your e-mail address and name. gonnahitcharide.com may also collect demographic information, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites. Some gonnahitcharide.com services, such as gonnahitcharide.com chat, gonnahitcharide.com message boards, and gonnahitcharide.com online store request that you create a social nickname, which is the name you will be known by to others in those public places. You may select a different social nickname at any time. You can also choose to create an optional public profile, containing information about yourself - such as your hobbies and interests. Any information you choose to enter in your public profile will be visible to other users; and when you interact with other users (for example, sending an gonnahitcharide.com messages to another gonnahitcharide.com email account or interacting in an gonnahitcharide.com message board), a link to your public profile may be displayed. Please keep in mind that if you disclose personal information through gonnahitcharide.com chats, gonnahitcharide.com message boards, or other public online forums, this information may be collected and used by others. gonnahitcharide.com cautions you against providing personal information to strangers online, which they may use for illegal or harmful purposes. gonnahitcharide.com keeps track of the pages our customers visit within gonnahitcharide.com, in order to determine what gonnahitcharide.com services are the most popular. gonnahitcharide.com also collects certain information about your computer hardware and software. This information may include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. Certain gonnahitcharide.com services may be co-branded and offered in conjunction with another company. If you register for or use such services, both gonnahitcharide.com and the other company may receive information collected in conjunction with the co-branded services.
Use of your Personal Information
gonnahitcharide.com and its operational service partners collect and use your personal information to operate gonnahitcharide.com and deliver the services you have requested. gonnahitcharide.com does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
gonnahitcharide.com also uses your personal information to inform you of other products or services available from gonnahitcharide.com. gonnahitcharide.com may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered. gonnahitcharide.com does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. gonnahitcharide.com may access and/or disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on gonnahitcharide.com or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of gonnahitcharide.com; or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of gonnahitcharide.com services or members of the public.
Control of your Personal Information
gonnahitcharide.com offers its visitors choices for the collection, use and sharing of personal information. You may go to the gonnahitcharide.com message board profile page to proactively make choices about the use and sharing of your personal information. There are some gonnahitcharide.com services, that send out periodic e-mails informing you of technical service issues, product surveys, new feature announcements and news about gonnahitcharide.com. You will not be able to unsubscribe to these mailings, as they are considered a part of the service you have chosen.
You may subscribe and unsubscribe to gonnahitcharide.com mailing list by going to the contact page and notifying us of your wish to be removed of the opt-in mailing list. In addition, each gonnahitcharide.com newsletter you receive will have instructions on how to unsubscribe prominently mentioned in it.
You may have the ability to view or edit your personal information:
You can view or make changes to the information in your profile at the message board profile center.
Security of your Personal Information
gonnahitcharide.com is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For example, we store the personal information you provide on computer systems with limited access, which are located in controlled facilities. When we transmit highly confidential information over the Internet, we protect it through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Use of Cookies
gonnahitcharide.com uses "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. For example, if you personalize gonnahitcharide.com pages, or register with gonnahitcharide.com sites or services, a cookie helps gonnahitcharide.com to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, preferred email address, and so on. When you return to gonnahitcharide.com, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the gonnahitcharide.com features that you customized. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the gonnahitcharide.com services or Web sites you visit.
Posting and Private Messages.
You agree not to post any bootlegs, copyrighted material, abusive, obscene, vulgar, slanderous, hateful, threatening, sexually-oriented or any other material that may violate any applicable laws. Doing so may lead to you being immediately and permanently banned (and your service provider being informed). The IP address of all posts is recorded to aid in enforcing these conditions. You agree that the webmaster, administrator and moderators of The Gonna Hitch A Ride Forums have the right to remove, edit, move or close any topic or view private messages at any time should they see fit. As a user you agree to any information you have entered above being stored in a database. While this information will not be disclosed to any third party without your consent the webmaster, administrator and moderators cannot be held responsible for any hacking attempt that may lead to the data being compromised.
Google Analytics
You may have clicked on an ad for this website that was delivered by Google.
Google measures the performance of the advertising it delivers through the use of cookies, small strings of text that are placed on your computer when you click on ads. These cookies typically remain active on your computer for about 30 days. If you visit certain pages of the advertiser's website during that period, Google and the advertiser will be able to tell that you saw the ad delivered by Google. If you want to disable the use of cookies, you can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Be aware, however, that some websites may not function properly if you refuse to accept cookies.
By providing a tool to more accurately measure the performance of the ads we deliver, Google and (and advertisers) will be able to improve the quality and relevance of the ads that you see. It's another way that Google,and gonnahitcharide.com is working to improve your overall experience online.
Enforcement of this Privacy
Statement
If you have questions regarding this statement, you should first contact gonnahitcharide.com via e-mail.
Changes to this Statement
gonnahitcharide.com will occasionally update this Privacy Statement to reflect company and visitor feedback. gonnahitcharide.com encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how gonnahitcharide.com is protecting your information.
Contact Information
gonnahitcharide.com welcomes your comments regarding this Privacy Statement. If you believe that gonnahitcharide.com has not adhered to this Statement, please contact gonnahitcharide.com by e-mail, or postal mail.
Global Services GroupWest Hollywood, CA 90069 USA