http://www.danceusa.org/privacypolicy
Members, click here to log in now
About
Vision & Mission
Strategic Plan
Core Values
Board of Trustees
Dance/USA Team Members
Dance/USA News & Press
Privacy Policy
Membership
Become A Member Today
Categories and Benefits
Council & Affinity Group Descriptions
Dance/USA's Google Groups
Jobs, Auditions, & Internships
Leadership & Learning
Upcoming Events
Annual Conference
Dance/USA Fellowships to Artists
Dance Forum
Institute for Leadership Training
Engaging Dance Audiences
Dance Business Bootcamp
Past Events
Other Professional Development Opportunities
Dance/USA Awards
Research & Information
Coronavirus Resources
Directory of Not-for-Profit Dance Ensembles
Member Surveys
Services and Information Requests
Research Resources
Task Force on Dancer Health
Staff Residency Program
Resources on Harassment in the Workplace
Technical & Standardization Documents
Resources on Building Audiences for the Arts
Resources on Music and Choreography
Support for Female Choreographers in Ballet
Advocacy & Visibility
Key Advocacy Issues
Advocacy Resources
Request a Peer Consultation Letter
Scheduling Congressional Visits
Advocacy and Gift Guide Toolkit
#Dance2Vote - Get-Out-The-Vote Campaign
2020 Election Analysis
Archiving & Preservation
Dance Heritage Coalition Integration
Archiving Fellowships
Our Fellows
Fellowships in Dance Archiving and Preservation Blog Posts
Artist's Legacy Toolkit
Archiving Services for Artists and Dance Companies
Archiving During the Coronavirus
Support
Individual Giving
National Leadership Council for Dance
Institutional Donors
Corporate Sponsors
About
Vision & Mission
Strategic Plan
Core Values
Board of Trustees
Dance/USA Team Members
Dance/USA News & Press
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy covers Dance/USA's treatment of personally identifiable information that Dance/USA collects when you join Dance/USA as a member, make a contribution to Dance/USA, register for an event or conference, or sign up for any of our mailing lists, listservs, or when you visit DanceUSA.org.
Information Collection and Use
DanceUSA.org will only collect personal information which you knowingly provide by purchasing merchandise or publications, registering for a conference or other event on the site, becoming a Dance/USA member, making a contribution, or some other voluntary action. If you provide personal information, we will use it to respond to your inquiry, answer your question, and fulfill your order as you specify. We may also mail you information about Dance/USA programs, activities, membership and support opportunities, product updates, and special events. From time to time, you may also receive information on opportunities or offers from organizations outside of Dance/USA. If at any time you do not wish to receive information on these opportunities and related offers, simply email or call 202.833.1717 to let us know.
We will not provide your email address to anyone outside of Dance/USA membership without your permission. With your permission, you may receive information about programs, activities, membership and support opportunities, product updates and special events from Dance/USA, our members, our partners, affiliates, and sponsors. When you receive any email, you will always have the option to decline future electronic communication.
DanceUSA.org also automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser, including your IP address and the pages you visit. Dance/USA uses this information to assess which areas of danceusa.org are most and least frequently used in order to plan future upgrades to the site.
Secure Ordering Online
Your online credit card transactions are secure with DanceUSA.org. We use Secure Socket Layering (SSL), the industry-standard encryption technology (128-bit encryption) that ensures safe Internet transmission of your personal information. Typically, your browser will provide an indication that you are entering a secure area (e.g. an icon on the browser window; a pop-up message on your monitor or an "https" in the URL indicator on the browser). A credit card transaction on our website is as safe as it is by phone, mail, or in person. If you prefer to order by phone, please call 202.833.1717. Our staff is available from 9:30am - 5:30pm EST, Monday-Friday to take your order.
Cookies
"Cookies" are small bits of information attached to your browser by a website that you visit. Cookies are used to track usage patterns, traffic trends and customer behavior, as well as to record other information from the website. When you log in at DanceUSA.org, cookies also allow us to save information so that you will not have to log in again the next time you visit. You may set your browser to refuse cookies from any website you visit. If you do, you will lose the "remember me" feature on DanceUSA.org and will have to log in each each time you visit.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Dance/USA may amend this privacy policy from time to time. If we make any substantial changes in this policy or in the way we use your personal information we will notify you by posting a prominent announcement on DanceUSA.org. For questions or comments on this policy, email, write Dance/USA at 1029 Vermont Ave NW, Suite 400, Washington, DC 20005, or call 202.833.1717.
Quick Links
Join Dance/USA
Sign Up for the Dance/USA Bulletin
Jobs, Auditions, & Internships
Engaging Dance Audiences
Funding Opportunities
From The Green Room: Our e-Journal
Get In Touch
Dance/USA
1029 Vermont Ave NW, Suite 400
Washington, DC 20005
Phone: 202.833.1717
View staff directory
Follow Us
Twitter
Facebook
YouTube
Vimeo