http://www.tvwritersvault.com/policies/privacystatement.asp
Login
Executive Registration
Writer Registration
Connecting Your TV Show Concepts with the
Industry's Top Executives & Producers
Shows Discovered and Produced for Global Broadcast On Discovery Channel,
Lifetime TV, A&E, SyFy, Velocity, UKTV, and Others..
Toggle navigation
Company Info
Homepage
About Us
How We Sell Your Show
Member Companies
Testimonials
User Protocol
How You Are Protected
FAQ
Advertise With Us !
Standard Deals
Meet Our Founder
Pitch or Scout Shows
Writer Registration
Executive Registration
TV Exec Interviews
Interviews - Complete List
Byron Allen | Entertainment Studios
Chris Cowan- Exec Prod'r.
Corie Henson - ABC Ent.
Jim Kiriakakis - Buck Prod.
Darryl Trell | Brian Graden Media
Rita Mullin - OWN
Karyn Forge - FOX Studios
Stephen Bulka - Lifetime
Paul Gilbert - CBS Studios
Sara Hansemann - Zodiak USA
Vin Di Bona - Producer
Phil Gurin- Exec Producer
Natalie Mashaal - Exec Producer
Dan Riley - Exec Producer
John Meindl - Producer
Fenton Bailey - Exec Producer
Dave Pullano - Producer
Nate Barlow - VP Dev.
Paul Gagne - Producer
Nickelodeon Fellowship
Writer Success Stories
Deals & Testimonials
Pitch Produced as Discovery Series
Pitch Sells for A&E | SyFy Series
Fox TV Studios Buys Pitch
Pitch Gets A-List Offers
Writer Sells Multiple Pitches
Dorie Geniesse
David Howe
Tim Centner
Jenny Rowlett
Writers Discovered
Connections To-Date
Creating for TV
Pitching Loglines
Pitch A TV Show Idea
Create & Pitch Reality TV
Pitch A TV Pilot Script
Getting a Literary Agent
5 Tips for Selling Scripts
Create A Game Show Format
Life Story Rights
Title-Tells-It-All
TV Pilot Script Formats
How To Protect Ideas & Scripts
Talk/Variety Formats
Reality Television
Creating Reality TV Ideas
Pitching Docu-Style Reality
Reality TV Pitch Contest
Your Reality Wanted
Protecting TV Show Ideas
Affiliates
Affiliates
In The News
Media Coverage
Pro Pitch Writing
Pro Pitch Deck Creation
×
Members Login
Writer
Tv Executive
Forget Password?
Login
Cancel
Privacy/Legal Policy
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect
the loss, misuse and alteration of the information
under our control.
In order for any user/member to register, they may
only do so by typing in an electronic/binding
signature "I AGREE", agreeing to the applicable
non-disclosure/confidentiality agreement, or
industry-standard material release form.
We vette and investigate registration information
provided by industry professionals to ensure that
our member's projects are being reviewed by
legitimate industry entities. This review and
validation process is done prior to allowing access
to our password protected database. All industry
executive registrations are verified by the best
efforts of our company executives and/or staff.
Communications:
The TV Writers Vault uses FormMail and SendMail to
provide electronic notification to members regarding
activity on their account, and for specific
notifications of member related news. We manually
send all emails to those registered with our
services and do not "spam" non-members. Members
provide us with a personal or business email account
that they wish to receive notifications at. We do
not expose or sale such information to any third
party.
User Activity Monitored
Approved Member Writers are given password protected
access to a "personal project status page" where
they can view member executive "reviews" of any of
their projects posted for review in our industry
executive project database. When any member
executive makes review or selects an applicable
"status" for any project, that review/status is
electronically sent and posted to the corresponding
writer's project status page showing company name/
project title / date reviewed / and time. Executives
have complete discretion as to any status selected
or changed at any time for any project posted, with
no obligation to the corresponding writer. Those
review statuses are provided for our member writers
as a courtesy and service, not a right of
information.
Copyright Protection
TVWritersVault.com strongly recommends all writers
submitting original intellectual properties for
review by member Companies to register all works
with a copyright registration service. It is the
sole responsibility of the Writer to take these
measures in protecting there work before exposing
any material to outside or member entities.
For the mutual protection and privacy of both
executive and writer members, we require all
registering industry executives to agree by
electronic signature to an industry standard
Non-Disclosure Agreement, and all registering
writers to agree by electronic signature to an
industry standard Material Release Form.
Cookies
Web sites use what we call "cookies" to store member
names and passwords. Cookies allow us to both store
and retrieve login information through a user's
browser.
A cookie is a small data file that certain Web sites
write to your hard drive when you visit them. A
cookie file can contain information such as a user
ID that the site uses to track the pages you've
visited.
Our site's registration form requires users to give
us contact information (like their name and email
address). We use customer contact information from
the registration form to send the user information
about our company as well as information regarding
available projects and other acquisition related
data. The member's contact information is also used
to contact the visitor when necessary.
The contact information writers provide allows other
members to contact them regarding a project they may
be interested in. If a writer is represented, the
contact information they provide about their
representative is used in place of the writer's
contact information. No writer contact information
is publicly displayed on site. That information will
only be released to a verified Industry Executive
when they make a solicitation for formal review of
the project from the writer for further development
or a deal proposal. TVWritersVault.com, it's
executives and employees may contact any member as
necessary.
This site contains links to other sites.
TVWritersVault.com is not responsible for the
privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
TVWritersVault.com does not share, sell, broker or
otherwise distribute mailing lists, contact
information or personal demographics information to
third party companies, members, or non-members.
Pitch Your ShowPitch & Sell Your TV Show Idea to TV Producers or Networks. Make Direct Connections To Production Companies for Producing Deals.
Industry Exec RegistrationScout New TV Show Ideas & Formats for Your TV Development & Production.
CONTACT / SUPPORT
Home
About Us
Testimonials
FAQ
Privacy Statement
JOIN OUR EMAIL LIST
Follow Us:
Copyright TVWritersVault.com