http://www.cctvcambridge.org/privacy
homeWatch Newest Media
Video Library
Television Schedule
Program Highlights
The Karen Aqua Gallery
Browse all stories
Immersive Media
newsCambridge News
Cambridge Calendar
Cambridge Media Map
joinBecome a Member
Internship Program
Services for Non Profits
learnMedia Production Classes
Computer Classes for People 50+
Youth Media Program
Computer Lab
Educational Resources
produceGuide to Producing at CCTV
Host Your Own Live Show
Submit Your Program
Production Contracts
Equipment and Facilities
Podcasting
Event Coverage
Rent from CCTV
Artist Residency
aboutAbout CCTV
Board & Staff
Forms, Newsletters, Annual Reports
Principles, Policies & Bylaws
Award Winning Producers
Contact CCTV
giveBecome a Friend
Become a Business Partner
Your Impact
Our Friends
Our Program Funders &
Business Partners
30th Anniversary Partnership Options
login
Website Privacy and Data Retention Policy
Website Privacy and Data Retention Policy
To be in effect as of November 1, 2010.
Please review our Terms of Use.
Read a simplified Terms of Use in Plain English.
The Cambridge Public Access Corporation, d/b/a Cambridge Community Television (“CCTV”) Privacy Policy describes how cctvcambridge.org (the “Site”) treats personal information.
The Site is run by CCTV.
YOUR USE OF THIS SITE, OR YOUR PROVISION TO US OF ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION CONSTITUTES YOUR AGREEMENT TO THESE TERMS AND ANY SUBSEQUENT CHANGES TO THESE TERMS; DO NOT USE THE SITE OR PROVIDE INFORMATION IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ALL OF THE TERMS.
Normal Browsing
As with many websites, CCTV maintains a server log, which automatically collects certain information when you browse, read, or submit posts on the Site.
This information includes, but is not limited to, your IP address, URL request, browser type, and date and time of your visit.
We collect this information on an aggregate basis for internal management purposes only.
This information is typically retained for sixteen (16) weeks, although CCTV reserves the right to keep the information for a longer period.
We do not collect any other information without your knowledge and permission.
We analyze traffic to the Site in various ways, including using a service such as Google Analytics
(Google Analytics is subject to the privacy policy of Google which you can find on Google’s website) and others.
We use this information to generate statistics and measure activity to improve the usefulness of the Site to our visitors.
Visitors should be aware that these third party services may have different privacy policies then those laid out here; visitors should assume that these services are collecting their data. CCTV reserves the right to change analytic service providers at any time, with or without notice.
Unless you affirmatively provide additional information to us, CCTV does not collect or store personally identifiable information such as name, mailing address, email address, or phone number.
Spam Protection
CCTV analyzes content on the Site in different ways, including using a spam protection service provided by Mollom (Mollom is subject to the privacy policy of Mollom, which you can find on Mollom’s website).
This service reviews content, including, but not limited to, user comments and blog postings, for possible spam.
CCTV reserves the right to change spam protection service providers at any time, with or without notice.
Information You Provide
Users do not have to register for accounts in order to browse, read, submit comments, receive RSS feeds, or send links from the Site.
The Site requests personally identifiable information when users create an account.
This information may include, but is not limited to, a user name, e-mail address, full name, employer, address, and website.
A user must provide a user name and e-mail address to create an account.
Providing additional information, including but not limited to name, address, employer, or website is optional.
CCTV does not use your e-mail address or other personal information to send commercial or marketing messages without your consent.
We may use your e-mail address without further consent for non-marketing or administrative purposes (such as notifying you of major CCTV changes or for customer service purposes).
Disclosure of Information
Server log records and all other data stored on our servers may be accessed by our system administrators.
In the event that we are required by law (including a court order) to disclose the information you submit, we will try to provide you with a notice (unless we are prohibited from doing so) that a request for your information has been made so that you may submit an objection to the disclosure.
If you provided us with an e-mail address, we will try to send a notice to that address.
We prefer to independently object to over-broad requests for access to information about users of the Site, but we cannot assure you that we will be able to do this in all cases.
If you do not challenge the disclosure request yourself, we may be legally required to turn over your information.
Children’s Privacy
The Site’s content is intended for adults and we will not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age.
If you are a parent or legal guardian of a child under age 13 who you believe has submitted personal information to the Site, please contact us immediately.
Posting
Submitting a post or comment on the Site is a public action, and all content may be publicly visible, including the user name that you provide.
Any videos that you submit to the Site may be redistributed through the Internet and other media channels, and may be viewed by other Site users or the general public.
All content may be retained for restorative, archival, or research purposes.
Editing or deleting content may alter the displayed state of the content, but will not permanently delete the content from the Site.
Security
The Site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
However, your confidential use of the Site cannot be guaranteed by CCTV.
CCTV shall not be responsible for any harm that you or any person may suffer as a result of a breach of confidentiality in respect to your use of the Site or any information you transmitted to the Site.
Changes to this Policy
We reserve the right to modify the information contained herein at anytime without prior notice.
If we do make changes to our privacy policies, we will modify this page accordingly.
Check this page periodically for amendments.
The Site and all information and materials on it are provided to you “as is” without warranty of any kind.
Contacting Us
For more information about our privacy practices, please write to us at:
Cambridge Community Television
438 Massachusetts Ave.
Cambridge, MA 02139
USA
Please review our Terms of Use or glance at our simplified Terms of Use in Plain English version to learn more about our policies.
Donate Now
Cambridge Community Television | 438 Massachusetts Ave | Cambridge MA 02139 | 617-661-6900 | email | hours & directions | terms of use | privacy policy