http://www.missmalaprop.com/privacy-policy
Podcast
Blog
Classes
Book
Contact
Work with me!
About
This Privacy Policy was last modified on May 20, 2018.Mallory Whitfield (that’s me!) doing business as Malaprop LLC operates https://www.badasscreatives.com (aka the “Site”).This page informs you of my policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information I receive from visitors and users of the Site. I will use your Personal Information only for providing and improving the Site, and only when necessary. By using the Site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.In order to use certain areas and features of the Site or my services, as specifically requested by you, you may need to provide me with information that identifies you personally. This information may include:Your nameYour company nameYour email addressBilling addressTelephone numberCredit card/payment account informationThe information collected may be used to verify your identity and to bill you for services offered by (such as consulting or speaking services), and to correspond with you (such as through the Badass Creatives email newsletter or via correspondence to me which is initiated by you).I use Mailchimp as my email newsletter service provider and they are up to date on the latest GDPR compliance. All email newsletters contain instructions to unsubscribe from the mailing list. You can also contact me at mallory@badasscreatives.com to remove your email address from my mailing list at any time.I promise never to sell or share your personal information to any persons or organizations except when required by law for the investigation of illegal or criminal actives, the exercise of legal rights or in defense against any legal claims, or otherwise.I hate spam, I really, really do, and I only want to be in consensual contact with you. I play nice, and I always ask that you do the same.Information That Gets Collected and How It Is UsedLike many websites, certain information may be collected that your browser sends whenever you visit this Site (“Log Data”). This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics. This type of information remains anonymous and does not identify you personally or give me access to your computer.Log DataCookiesCookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Like many sites, “cookies” are sometimes used here to collect information. Cookies may allow me to offer a personalized experience for you by gathering and remembering information about your preferences when using the Site so when you next visit the Site your preferences for using the Site are already set.Some products and services linked to on this site are affiliate links, which means if you click through and buy the product or service linked here (whether on Amazon or elsewhere), I get a small commission. It doesn’t cost you anything extra, and it helps me pay for the costs of running this site and the podcast and offering lots of free resources and advice. In order for the affiliate links to work, cookies are used. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.To view more information regarding cookie settings please visit:For Google Chrome: http://www.google.com/support/chrome/bin/answer.py?answer=95647For Mozilla Firefox: https://support.mozilla.com/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferencesFor Apple Safari: https://support.apple.com/kb/ph21411?locale=en_USOnline Advertising I Occasionally UseI occasionally use Facebook Ads Custom Audiences re-marketing to advertise across the Internet. Facebook Ads re-marketing will display relevant ads tailored to you based on what parts of our website you have viewed by placing a cookie on your machine. THIS COOKIE DOES NOT IN ANYWAY IDENTIFY YOU OR GIVE ACCESS TO YOUR COMPUTER. The cookie is used to say “This person visited this page, so show them ads relating to that page.” Facebook Ads Custom Audiences re-marketing allows me to tailor my marketing to better suit your needs and only display ads that are relevant to you. If you choose to opt-out, you may do so at any time by visiting: www.aboutads.info/choicesThe security of your Personal Information is very important, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. It’s kind of like a house – the most secure house would be one with no doors or windows. The more doors and windows, the less secure, but just like with houses, online security is a balancing act of common sense and awareness, plus precautionary steps taken by the website owner. While I strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, I unfortunately cannot guarantee its absolute security.SecurityMalaprop LLC may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on the Site. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes.Changes To This Privacy PolicyIf you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact me.Contact Me
First Name
Last Name
Email Address
I want to join!
No spam. You can unsubscribe at any time. Pinky swear.
Hooray! You're in the club! Stay tuned for emails from me.