https://www.kbrw.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
SILAKKUAGVIK COMMUNICATIONS INC. PRIVACY STATEMENT
Silakkuagvik Communications,  Inc., as the owner of this web site and KBRW-AM/FM,  has adopted this privacy statement.
Information Collection
Silakkuagvik Communications, Inc. is the sole owner of the information collected on www.kbrw.org. Silakkuagvik Communications, Inc. collects information from our  users at several different points on our Web site.
Membership Contributions
We request information from the user of our membership on-line pledge forms.  A user must provide contact  information (such as name, address, e-mail address) and financial information (such as credit card number,  expiration date).
Product orders
We request information from the user on our product order form. A user must provide contact  information (such as name, email, and shipping address) and financial information (such as credit card number,  expiration date).  This information is used for billing purposes and to fill customer’s orders.  If we have  trouble processing an order, the information is used to contact the user.
Profile
We store information that we collect through cookies, log files, clear gifs, and/or third parties to create a  profile of our users.  A profile is stored information that we keep on individual users that details their  viewing preferences.  Consequently, collected information is tied to the users personally identifiable  information to improve the content of the site for the user. This profile is used to tailor a user’s visit  to our Web site.  We do not share your profile with other third parties.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s computer tied to information about the user.  Usage of a  cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site.  We use both session  ID cookies and persistent cookies.  For the session ID cookie, once users close the browser, the cookie simply  terminates.  A persistent cookie is a small text file stored on the user’s hard drive for an extended period  of time. Persistent cookies can be removed by following Internet browser help file directions.
This privacy statement covers the use of cookies by www.kcaw.org only and does not cover the use of cookies by  any of our partner organizations, including PBS and NPR.
Log Files
Like most standard Web site servers we use log files.  This includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser  type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of  clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement in the aggregate, and gather broad  demographic information for aggregate use.  IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable  information.
Communications from the Site
Membership Communications
When members make an on-line pledge, we send an email to verify the pledge information. Members who have  provided e-mail addresses will occasionally receive information on services, events, or a newsletter. Out of  respect for the privacy of our users we present the option to not receive these types of communications.
Sharing
Legal Disclaimer
Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when  required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current  judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our Web site.
We DO NOT Share Personal Information with Third Parties.
Third Party Intermediaries
We may use an outside shipping company to ship thank you gifts, and a credit card processing company to  bill users for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable  information for any secondary purposes.
Links
This Web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we, Silakkuagvik Communications, Inc., are not responsible for the privacy  practices of such other sites.  We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the  privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information.  This privacy  statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Surveys
From time-to-time our site requests information from users via surveys.  Participation in these surveys is  completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information.  The  requested information typically includes contact information (such as name or e-mail address), and demographic  information (such as zip code).  Anonymous Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or  improving the use and satisfaction of KBRW-AM/FM and this site.  Users’ personally identifiable information is  not shared with third parties.  Though we may use an intermediary to conduct these surveys or contests, they may  not use users’ personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
Security
This Web site takes every precaution to protect our users’ information.  When users submit sensitive information  via the Web site, their information is protected both online and off-line.
When a pledge form or order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number  and/or social security number), that information is encrypted and is protected with encryption software called  SSL.  While on a secure page, such as our pledge form or order form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web  browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked,  or open, when users are just ‘surfing.’
While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also protect user-information  off-line.  All of our users’ information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted  in our offices.  Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our member  services staff) are granted access to personally identifiable information.    Finally, the servers that store  personally identifiable information are in a secure environment
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement.
Contact Information
If users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us with our contact form.