http://www.criticism.com/cc/privacy_policy.html
Toggle navigation
Criticism.Com
Critical Theory
Discourse Analysis
Technology
White Papers
Blog
Site Map
Head in the clouds, feet on the ground.
Criticism.Com presents white papers and essays on technology, media, critical theory, discourse analysis, and linguistics.
1 Introduction
Criticism.com has created this statement to demonstrate its firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses www.criticism.com’s information-gathering and dissemination practices.
Please keep in mind that while this document discloses the privacy policy of criticism.com, it does not reflect the policies of any affiliated organization. Such affiliates include Amazon.com, Google, Commission Junction and its business partners, and Any RSS (http://anyrss.maquis.org/). These affiliates are beyond the control of Criticism.com.
2 Information About Your Computer
Criticism.com does not track information about individual site or page visits. However, Criticism.com does log general statistics (hourly, daily, and monthly averages) about hits, files and pages viewed, amounts of data transferred, most common entry and exit pages, Top 30 referring sites, Top 20 Search Strings, and Top 15 User Agents. Webalizer version 2.01 is used to generate this information from Blue Domino’s web servers’ standard log files. Blue Domino hosts Criticism.Com.
Again: Criticism.com does not track this data on an individual basis.
2.1 Cookies
At present, Criticism.com does not use cookies. However, some of Criticism.com affiliates, such as Google and Amazon.com, may use them. Criticism.com may use cookies in the future; if it does, this document will be updated to reflect the change.
3 Individual Information
Criticism.com will never willfully disclose individually identifiable information about its users or customers to any third party without first receiving that customer’s permission. In fact, to ensure that we do not unwillfully disclose such information, we do not collect it in the first place.
3.1 Email Addresses
In the future, Criticism.com may with your consent collect email addresses to use in sending out a monthly newsletter. The newsletter will be sent only to users who sign up to receive it, and recipients will be able to opt out of it at any time. Email addresses collected for the purpose of the newsletter will never be given to a third party for any reason.
4 Spam
We do not send spam.
5 Affiliates
Affiliated Businesses Criticism.Com Does Not Control: Criticism.com works with affiliated businesses such as Amazon.com, Google, Commission Junction, and others. These businesses offer products to you at Criticism.com. You can tell when another business is involved in your transactions. Please see the privacy policies of Criticism.com’s affiliates on their respective web sites.
6 Links and Ads
This site contains links to other websites, in the form of hyperlinks and advertisements. Criticism.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other web sites.
Last updated: August 6, 2004.
White Papers
|
Linguistics
|
Critical Theory
|
Discourse Analysis
Copyright © 1995-2020
Steve Hoenisch and Criticism.Com. All rights reserved. Disclaimer: The views and opinions expressed on Criticism.Com are strictly my own and are not the opinions or views of the company that I work for now or any company that I have worked for in the past.
Site Map