https://www.debracowan.net/cookie-policy/
Keep in contact through the following social networks or via RSS feed:
Home
Books
The Whirlwind, Texas Series
Whirlwind Bride
Whirlwind Wedding
Whirlwind Groom
Whirlwind Baby
Whirlwind Secrets
Whirlwind Reunion
Whirlwind Redemption
Whirlwind Cowboy
The Hot Zone Series
Burning Love
Melting Point
Wild Fire
The Private Bodyguard
The Vigilante Lover
The Forbidden Bride
Historical Romances
The Cowboy’s Reluctant Bride
Once Upon a Frontier Christmas
The Marshal and Miss Merritt
Almost Home
Our House
The Matchmaker
For Pete’s Sake
A Secret Yearning
Still Sweet
If Only
Contemporary Romantic Suspense
Witness Undercover
The Garrett Brothers Series
Dare to Remember
The Rescue of Jenna West
One Silent Night
Cover Me!
Still the One
Paranormal Romantic Suspense
The Ledoux Curse
Seeing Red
Printable Book List
About Debra
News & Updates
Contact
Cookie Policy
Last updated: May 25, 2018
Debra Cowan (“us”, “we”, “our” or “the author”) uses cookies on DebraCowan.net (the “Service”). By using the Service, you consent to the use of cookies.
Our Cookies Policy explains what cookies are, how we use cookies, what types of cookies we use, how third-parties we may partner with may use cookies on the Service, your choices regarding cookies and further information about cookies.
WHAT’S A COOKIE?
A cookie is a small text file that a website saves on your computer or mobile device when you visit the site. It enables the website to remember your actions and preferences (such as login, language, font size and other display preferences, or items in online shopping carts) over a period of time, so you don’t have to keep re-entering that information whenever you come back to the site or browse from one page to page. Not all cookies collect information that identifies you, though. Some just collect general information such as how users arrive at and use a website, which helps website owners evaluate and find ways to improve features and content.
Cookies can be “session” or “persistent” cookies.
The majority of modern web browsers support cookies and most have settings that can be customized to decline some cookies and the ability for a user to delete the cookies at will. For more information about cookies, see http://www.allaboutcookies.org
HOW THIS SITE USES COOKIES
This website uses first-party cookies essential to the efficient and consistent operation of the site and to offer a personalized experience for users, as well as to:
• Contact the author
• Enable user interactions with page comments
This site (DebraCowan.net) does not use third-party services that may place cookies on your computer when you interact with the service or third-party content. For example, services such as:
• When you watch a video from YouTube
• Listen to an audio sample from SoundCloud
• Share a blog post using the social media icons at the bottom of a post. (i.e. Facebook, Twitter, et al)
Additionally, we do not engage in online marketing that uses cookies that may track you beyond this website.
WHAT COOKIES ARE USED BY THIS SITE
FIRST-PARTY COOKIES
First-party cookies are cookies that relate to the functions and features of this website specifically, and are set by this website, not a third party.
By using this website’s contact form, you are providing consent for this website to gather your email address, name, IP address and IP’s Host name. This information will be used only to reply via email to any contact initiated by you, the site visitor. This contact form does not store your information on this website or the WordPress database. It does not store your IP address or add to your message. This cookie is set to expire after 30 days and can be revoked by clearing your browser cache. Further, you have the option to consent or not to your data being handled as specified in DebraCowan.net’s Privacy Policy.
Other First-Party Cookies used on this site are for backup and security purposes. These cookies don’t retain or store your data.
THIRD-PARTY COOKIES
This website uses third-party services for site features and functionality, but not for advertising and marketing services. Some third-party services may place cookies in your internet browser if you click on links to those sites from DebraCowan.net. These services include, but are not limited to, booksellers (i.e. Amazon) and social networks (i.e. Facebook).
AFFILIATE COOKIES
Though DebraCowan.net links to online booksellers (Amazon, B&N, et al), this website is not an affiliate of any bookseller website. If you click through to any website from DebraCowan.net, that bookseller’s website will not place cookies on your device to tag debracowan.net. Amazon or other bookseller websites may place cookies on your device(s) for other purposes not associated with debracowan.net. See each retailer’s cookie policy and privacy policy to determine what data is collected.
SOCIAL MEDIA BUTTONS
This website provides ways to share our page(s) to social media websites such as Facebook and Twitter. If you choose to email someone from DebraCowan.net about this website’s content, no data will be collected or stored. Our website does not retain the content of the emails you send, except only in short term cache or in cases of message delivery failure, for a defined period of time while it retries the sending of the email.
If you choose to share content from DebraCowan.net through any of the social media buttons on this site, be aware that these sites are likely to collect information about your online activities. DebraCowan.net has no control over placement of those cookies and how they function; therefore it is recommended that you review the official privacy policy of the respective social network to find out more about their use of your information and/or how to opt out or delete such information.
DebraCowan.net does not deliver video or audio content, i.e. YouTube or SoundCloud.
ADVERTISING AND MARKETING
DebraCowan.net does not use Facebook pixels or any other marketing code.
OTHER COOKIES
This website may cease usage of some cookies and introduce others from time to time to improve user’s experience. Any changes will be reflected on this Cookie Policy page.
Share
Share
Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy
Copyright © 2020. Debra Cowan. All Rights Reserved.
An Austin DesignWorks Production
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website.Got it!Cookie Policy