https://www.thesunmagazine.org/privacy-policy
close
Search 45 years of archives
Search
Popular Pages
Faq
Contact Us
Events
Quotations
Readers Write
Poetry
Free Trial Offer
Try The Sun at no cost or obligation
Get your free issue
Privacy Policy
This website is maintained by The Sun Publishing Company, Inc., publisher of The Sun, a nonprofit, ad-free monthly magazine (“The Sun”). This website may also include services provided by third parties and distributed through the website by virtue of a license, grant, or some other form of agreement between the third party and The Sun. In the policies that follow, “we,” “us,” and “our” refers to The Sun.
The Sun provides this website under the following conditions. If you visit this website, you agree to accept our Privacy Policy and Terms Of Use. Please read them carefully.
The Sun recognizes the need to treat any personal information that you share with us with a high degree of care, sensitivity, and security. We appreciate your trust.
This version of our Privacy Policy is effective as of September 1, 2018.
Information We Collect, and How We Use It
Telephone numbers you provide
If you supply us with your telephone number, we will use it only to communicate with you about your subscription, orders you’ve placed online, questions you have asked, and/or services you have requested online.
E-mail addresses you provide
If you supply us with your e-mail address, we will use it only to communicate with you regarding orders you have placed, questions you have asked, and/or services you have requested online. If you are a subscriber to The Sun magazine or have ordered other products from us, you may also receive periodic e-mails from us with information about your subscription, new products and services, upcoming events, fundraising efforts, and special announcements from The Sun.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by unsubscribing using the tools provided (e.g., unsubscribing from our e-newsletter) or by contacting us. We will honor your request as quickly as possible.
Regarding e-mails you send to us: Please be aware that e-mail is not a secure method of transmitting information; therefore, please do not send us credit-card information or disclose other sensitive information by e-mail. As our website’s Terms Of Use indicates, The Sun is not responsible for any loss or damage that results from interception and/or unauthorized use by third parties of any information that you send us by e-mail.
Postal addresses you provide
If you supply us with your postal address online, we may use it to contact you regarding services you have requested or orders you have placed online. If you subscribe to The Sun magazine or purchase other products from us, we use the postal address you provide to deliver your merchandise, service your account, and send you periodic reminders to renew your subscription. We may also contact you to announce new products and services from The Sun, special discounts, upcoming events, and fundraising efforts.
If you do not want to receive promotional mail from us in the future, please let us know. If you opt out of promotional mail, we may still use your postal address to contact you regarding your subscription and/or any other orders you’ve placed.
Discussion & Writing Group leaders
If you submit a Discussion & Writing Group listing for posting on our website, we require you to include your phone number and an e-mail address. We will use your phone number only to contact you about your group, unless you specifically request that we post it as part of your group listing. Once we’ve posted your group listing, the e-mail address you provide will be accessible to others. The Sun’s website has measures in place to help protect your e-mail address from being harvested by automated spam programs, but please be aware that your e-mail address can potentially be viewed by anyone with Internet access, a web browser, and e-mail access. If you don’t want to use your personal e-mail account as your group’s contact address, consider using an alternative account instead.
Aggregate information collected for website analysis
Our web server automatically recognizes website visitors’ IP addresses. We collect aggregate information on what pages visitors access or view. None of this information identifies you personally. The information we collect is used for internal review and to help us improve our website.
Cookies
We use cookies to to manage access to free and paid website selections and to keep track of items in your shopping cart. If you set your browser to reject cookies, our website may be less functional for you.
Information collected for site analytics
We use Google Analytics to gather anonymous website usage statistics and never for the purpose of identifying individual users or recording personally identifiable information. You can opt out of Google Analytics tracking on thesunmagazine.org and other websites by installing the browser add-on available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Ad servers
We partner with the Google 360 suite to customize your website experience and promote The Sun via the Google Search Network and the Google Display Network. Visitors to our website may encounter follow-up promotions for The Sun upon exit. The Sun will never use, share, or imply knowledge of your personally identifiable information in the course of managing any online promotion, data feed, marketing list, or cookie.
You can opt out of advertisement tracking on thesunmagazine.org and all Google Ad sites by adjusting Google’s Ad Settings at https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated.
How We Share Your Personal Information
Except as set forth in this Privacy Policy, we will not disclose any personal information you provide to us.
With service providers we hire
The Sun contracts with other companies to provide certain services on our behalf, such as subscription fulfillment, customer service, book-order processing and shipping, mail and e-mail distribution, website programming and analysis, and so forth. We provide these companies with only the information we reasonably believe they need to perform their services. We have instructed these companies that they are restricted from using your personal information in any way other than to provide services for us, and they may not share or resell this data. We require our service providers to treat your personal information with the same high degree of confidentiality and security as we do.
With other companies for direct-mail promotional offers
If you subscribe to The Sun magazine, we may exchange or rent your name and postal address (but not your e-mail address or phone number) with other organizations whose work may be of interest to you. If you’d like your name left off mailing-list rentals, e-mail your request (make sure to include your full name and postal address) or call our customer-service department.
You can also send your request, along with a recent mailing label, to:
The Sun
Customer-Service Department
P.O. Box 323
Congers, NY 10920-0323
The Direct Marketing Association can place your name on a no-mail list, reducing the amount of unwanted mail you receive by up to 80 percent. Visit dmachoice.org for details.
For legal purposes
The Sun may release personal information as required by law — for example, to comply with a court order. In very limited circumstances, we also may release personal information if we believe in good faith that disclosing such information is necessary to protect the safety of our subscribers, our website visitors, this website, and/or the general public.
Security
The Sun is committed to maintaining the security and confidentiality of the personal information you provide to us. When we transfer and receive financial information, we protect all transactions with Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology, which encrypts the information you submit. We have a combination of physical, electronic, and procedural measures in place to help protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of your personal information. Access to your personal information within The Sun Publishing Company, Inc., is limited to those who need it to perform their duties.
Our commitment to security notwithstanding, please be aware that there is always some risk when transmitting personal information over the Internet, and no method of storing electronic data is completely secure. A risk remains that others could find a way to thwart our security measures. Therefore, despite the fact that we strive to protect your personal information, The Sun cannot and does not warrant or guarantee the security or privacy of any information you send to us. You do so at your own risk.
Children’s Privacy
The Sun maintains a general-audience website. We do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 13 and are particularly concerned about children’s privacy online. If you are under the age of 13, please do not send us any of your personal information, and you may use this website only with the involvement and consent of a parent or guardian.
Links to External Websites
The Sun is not responsible for the privacy policies, data-collection practices, contents, or terms of use of other websites to which we link. If you visit external websites, please review their privacy policies and terms of use.
International Visitors
The personal information you provide to us will be transferred to and stored in the United States. By submitting your personal information, you consent to its transfer and storage in the United States. You also consent to its use in accordance with the purposes for which it was collected and as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
In the future, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not outlined in this Privacy Policy. If our information practices change, we will post the changes on our website and give you the choice to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is being used, please check our website periodically.
Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by contacting us.
How to Review Your Information
Upon request, we provide customers with access to information that we maintain about them, and we grant the ability to correct inaccuracies in this information. Customers can request this information by contacting us.
How to Contact Us about Privacy
Please write to us at:
The Sun
Attn: Privacy
107 North Roberson Street
Chapel Hill, NC 27516
Or you can send us an e-mail.
Enforcement
If you feel that our website is not following the Privacy Policy outlined above, please contact us. Alternatively, you can contact your state or local chapters of the Better Business Bureau, your state or local consumer protection office, or the Federal Trade Commission at 202-326-2222.
Thinking About Writing Us a Letter?
Give in to the temptation. We love getting mail.
Write us a letter!