http://www.unicorntheatre.org/privacy-policy/
DONATE NOW
Hit enter to search or ESC to close
PRIVACY POLICY
Unicorn Theatre is committed to keeping any and all personal information collected of those individuals that visit our website and make use of our online facilities and services accurate, confidential, secure and private. Our privacy policy has been designed and created to ensure those affiliated with Unicorn Theatre of our commitment and realization of our obligation not only to meet but to exceed most existing privacy standards.
THEREFORE, this Privacy Policy Agreement shall apply to Unicorn Theatre, and thus it shall govern any and all data collection and usage thereof. Through the use of https://www.unicorntheatre.org you are herein consenting to the following data procedures expressed within this agreement.
It is highly recommended and suggested that you review the privacy policies and statements of any website you choose to use or frequent as a means to better understand the way in which other websites garner, make use of and share information collected.
COLLECTION OF INFORMATIONThis website collects various types of information, such as:
– Voluntarily provided information which may include your name, address, email address, billing and/or credit card information etc., which may be used when you purchase products and/or services and to deliver the services you have requested.
– Information automatically collected when visiting our website, which may include cookies, third party tracking technologies and server logs.
Please rest assured that this site shall only collect personal information that you knowingly and willingly provide by way of surveys, completed membership forms, and emails. It is the intent of this site to use personal information only for the purpose for which it was requested and any additional uses specifically provided on this site.
Unicorn Theatre may have the occasion to collect non-personal anonymous demographic information, such as age, gender, household income, political affiliation, race and religion, as well as the type of browser you are using, IP address, type of operating system, at a later time, that will assist us in providing and maintaining superior quality service.
USE OF INFORMATION COLLECTEDUnicorn Theatre may collect and may make use of personal information to assist in the operation of our website and to ensure delivery of the services you need and request. At times, we may find it necessary to use personally identifiable information as a means to keep you informed of other possible products and/or services that may be available to you from https://www.unicorntheatre.org.   Unicorn Theatre may also be in contact with you with regards to completing surveys and/or research questionnaires related to your opinion of current or potential future services that may be offered.
Unicorn Theatre does not now, nor will it in the future, sell, rent or lease any of its customer lists and/or names to any third parties.
Unicorn Theatremay deem it necessary to follow websites and/or pages that their users may frequent in an effort to gleam what types of services and/or products may be the most popular to customers or the general public.
Unicorn Theatre may disclose your personal information, without any prior notice to you, unless required to do in accordance to applicable laws and/or in a good faith belief that such action is deemed necessary or required in an effort to:
– Remain in conformance with any decrees, laws and/or statutes or in an effort to comply with any process which may be served upon Unicorn Theatre and/or its website;
– Maintain, safeguard and/or preserve all the rights and/or property of Unicorn Theatre; and
– Perform under demanding conditions in an effort to safeguard the personal safety of users of https://www.unicorntheatre.org or the general public.
NON-MARKETING PURPOSESUnicorn Theatre greatly respects your privacy. We do maintain and reserve the right to contact you if needed for non-marketing purposes (such as bug alerts, security breaches, account issues, and/or changes in Unicorn Theatre products andservices). In certain circumstances, we may use our website, newspapers, or other public means to post a notice.
CHILDREN UNDER AGE OF 13Unicorn Theatre does not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen (13) without verifiable parental consent. If it is determined that such information has been inadvertently collected on anyone under the age of thirteen (13), we shall immediately take the necessary steps to ensure that such information is deleted from our system’s database. Anyone under the age of thirteen (13) must seek and obtain parent or guardian permission to use this website.
UNSUBSCRIBE OR OPT-OUTAll users and/or visitors to our website have the option to discontinue receiving communication from us and/or reserve the right to discontinue receiving communications by way of email or newsletters. To discontinue or unsubscribe to our website please send anemail that you wish to unsubscribe to unicornnews@unicorntheatre.org. If you wish to unsubscribe or opt-out from any third party websites, you must go to that specific website to unsubscribe and/or opt-out. Unicorn Theatre will continue to adhere to the privacy policy described herein with respect to any personal information previously collected.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITESOur website does contain links to affiliate and other websites. Unicorn Theatre does not claim nor accept responsibility for any privacy policies, practices and/or procedures of other such websites. Therefore, we encourage all users and visitors to beaware when they leave our website and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. The aforementioned Privacy Policy Agreement applies only and solely to the information collected by our website.
SECURITYUnicorn Theatre shall endeavor and shall take every precaution to maintain adequate physical, procedural and technical security with respect to its offices and information storage facilities so as to prevent any loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure or modification of the user’s personal information under our control.
The company also uses Secure Socket Layer (SSL) for authentication and private communications in an effort to build users’ trust and confidence in the internet and website use by providing simple and secure access and communication of credit card and personalinformation.
CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY AGREEMENTUnicorn Theatre reserves the right to update and/or change the terms of our privacy policy, and as such we will post those changes to our website, so that our users and/or visitors are always aware of the type of information we collect, how it will be used, and under what circumstances, if any, we may disclose such information. If at any point in time Unicorn Theatre decides to make use of any personally identifiable information on file, in a manner vastly different from that which was stated when this information was initially collected, the user or users shall be promptly notified by email. Users at that time shall have the option as to whether or not to permit the use of their information in this separate manner.
ACCEPTANCE OF TERMSThrough the use of this website, you are hereby accepting the terms and conditions stipulated within the aforementioned Privacy Policy Agreement. If you are not in agreement with our terms and conditions, then you should refrain from further use of our sites. In addition, your continued use of our website following the posting of any updates or changes to our terms and conditions shall mean that you are in agreement and acceptance of such changes.
HOW TO CONTACT USIf you have any questions or concerns regarding the Privacy Policy Agreement related to our website, please feel free to contact us at the following email, telephone number or mailing address.
Email:  unicornnews@unicorntheatre.org
Telephone Number:  816.531.PLAY (7529)
Mailing Address:  3828 Main Street, Kansas City, MO 64111LAST UPDATED: August 12, 2019
3828 Main Street
Kansas City, Missouri 64111
816-531-PLAY (7529)
HOME
Our Donors
Join Our Email List
ABOUT
Staff
Vision and Mission
Board of Directors
Work With Us
SHOWS
The Eight: Reindeer Monologues
In-Progress New Play Reading Series
Quarantine Confessions
2020-2021 Season Tickets & Memberships
SUPPORT US
Donate
Volunteer
Donors
CONTACT
Address/Phone/Email
Contact Staff
Hours
Directions
© 2020 Unicorn Theatre.
All Rights Reserved.Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Sitemap
Home
SHOWS
The Eight: Reindeer Monologues
In-Progress New Play Reading Series
Quarantine Confessions
2020-2021 Season Tickets & Memberships
Plan Your Visit
Box Office
Pay What U Can
Parking
Support Us
Donate
Volunteer
Donors
History
Unicorn History
Production History
About Us
Staff
Vision and Mission
Board of Directors
Work With Us
Contact
DONATE NOW
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. By continuing to use our website, you agree to the use of cookies.
If you would like to know more about cookies and how to manage them please view our Privacy Policy.I AGREE