http://www.kirkbridebuildings.com/privacy.html
Kirkbride Buildings
Home
About
Buildings
Forum
Blog
Contact
Search
Links
Kirkbride Buildings » Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The establishment of trust and privacy is instrumental to the welfare of the internet and the
relationship between people and the web sites they visit. In addition, the collection, use, and transfer of information serves to
enhance the usefulness of the internet, provided that such information is handled in a fair and responsible manner. This privacy
policy document outlines the types of personal information received and collected by www.KirkbrideBuildings.com and how it is
used. In this privacy policy, "personal information" means information relating to an individual and which identifies that
individual, either directly or indirectly, such as your name or email address. Please review this document so you can be aware of
how your privacy may be affected by visiting this web site. If you have any questions or comments on this policy, please feel free
to contact us.
Log Files
Like most web sites, www.KirkbrideBuildings.com makes use of log files. The information contained in log files includes visitors'
internet protocol (IP) addresses, types of web browser, Internet Service Providers (ISPs), date and time of visits, referring/entrance/exit
pages, and number of clicks. This data is used to analyze trends, administer the site, track visitors' movement through the site,
and to gather demographic information. IP addresses and other such information are not linked to any data that is personally
identifiable.
Cookies and Web Beacons
www.KirkbrideBuildings.com uses cookies to store information about visitors' preferences, to record visitor-specific information on
which pages the visitors access or visit, customize web page content based on visitors' browser type or other information that the
visitor sends via their browser.
Some of our advertising partners use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include Google Adsense and Amazon.
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to display the advertisements and links that appear on www.KirkbrideBuildings.com
which are sent directly to your browser. These third-party ad servers or ad networks automatically receive your IP address when this occurs.
Other technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript, or web beacons) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness
of their advertisements and/or to personalize the advertising content you see. www.KirkbrideBuildings.com has no access to or control over these
cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on
their practices, as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. www.KirkbrideBuildings.com's privacy policy
does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser's options. More detailed information about cookie
management with a specific web browser can be found at the browser's web site or in its help documentation.
Google AdSense makes use of the DoubleClick DART cookie which enables it to serve ads to www.KirkbrideBuildings.com visitors based on their visit to this site and to other sites on the Internet. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Forum and User Accounts
The forum on www.KirkbrideBuildings.com allows visitors to create user accounts. In creating an account, users are given the option of
publicizing personal information such as email address, location, and occupation. Users are responsible for making the decision to reveal this information
publicly and for taking the necessary actions for hiding or revealing this information. If any user requires help doing so, they may contact us. In addition, the date and time of users' last visits, number of posts, and other information is recorded and may be publicly visible.
Outbound Links
Links to third-party sites are provided by www.KirkbrideBuildings.com. www.KirkbrideBuildings.com is not responsible for the content or
management of these third-party sites. Please consult the privacy policies of these third-party web sites for their privacy practices.
Communication
By sending an email to the owner of www.KirkbrideBuildings.com, you may reveal personal information about yourself, including your email
address. This personal information will not be shared with third-parties, nor will it be used to send you unsolicited communications.
Notification of Changes to this Policy
To check for updates on this policy, please consult this page. This policy was last updated on March 13, 2009.
If you require further information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us.
© Copyright 2001-2020 KirkbrideBuildings.com • Disclaimer • Privacy Policy • Site Map •