http://www.dollyon-line.com/site/privacy.shtml
News
Tour
Archives
Albums
Singles
Awards & Nominations
Lyrics
Articles
Transcripts
Photos
Downloads
Wallpaper
Avatars
Icons
Skins
Store
Albums
Singles
Books
Videos
Sheet Music
Music Videos
Mailing List
About
Contact
Site Map
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
Links
Privacy Policy
Dolly Parton On-Line adheres to a strict privacy policy regarding our users' personal information. We are committed to keeping any information we have about our users private and secure and will not tolerate any form of spamming. Any information provided to Dolly Parton On-Line will never be shared with a third party unless stated otherwise.
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server does not automatically recognize information regarding the domain or e-mail address.
We collect the domain name and e-mail address (where possible) of visitors to our Web page, the e-mail addresses of those who post messages to our bulletin board, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations.
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web page, used to notify users about updates to our Web site, and used by us to contact users for marketing purposes.
With respect to cookies: We use cookies on this site to keep users logged into our forum. Quantcast also places a cookie and IP address that is used for their advertising system. You can opt-out from these types of cookies and IP addresses by visiting this URL: http://www.quantcast.com/docs/display/legal/Opt-out+of+Quantcast+Delivery
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by visiting us at http://www.dollyon-line.com/news/mailinglist/.
We never make the e-mail addresses of those who access our site available to other organizations. We never make our e-mail list available to other organizations.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line, you will only receive the information for which you provided us your address.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding the information they have placed on-line.
With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies except Quantcast, MTV Networks Digital Tribes and Adify.
From time to time, we may use user information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future, we will contact you before we use your data for these new purposes to notify you of the policy change and to provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses.
Upon request, we provide site visitors with access to a description of information that we maintain about them.
Users can access this information by e-mailing us at the address below.
Users can have this information corrected by sending us e-mail at the address below.
If you feel that Dolly Parton On-Line is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the e-mail address below.
Dolly Parton On-Line can be contacted at this e-mail address: mail@dollyon-line.com
This privacy policy is effective as of September 22, 2009.
Sign up for the Dolly Parton On-Line Insider for Dolly Parton news, tour dates, giveaways, announcements, and more!
Name: E-mail:
website by haus of walls