http://www.algonquintheatre.ca/en/terms-of-use.aspx
Close Alert Banner
Close Old Browser Notification
Browser Compatibility Notification
It appears you are trying to access this site using an outdated browser.
As a result, parts of the site may not function properly for you.
We recommend updating your browser to its most recent version at your earliest convenience.
Terms of Use
More
HomeTerms of Use
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Email
Town of Huntsville Online Terms of Use
The Town of Huntsville recognizes the importance and value of using online methods to communicate corporate information and participate in online dialogue with residents, employees and other stakeholders. The following guidelines govern how the Town of Huntsville participates online with our corporate websites and how it uses social media channels. The Town of Huntsville maintains official profiles on a variety of social media platforms including twitter, Facebook, Youtube,  Flickr etc. The Town of Huntsville maintains www.huntsville.ca, www.algonquintheatre.ca and www.muskokaheritageplace.org.
Monitoring Content Online
The Town of Huntsville maintains and participates in online communication during regular business hours: Monday to Friday from 8:30am - 4:30pm. The Town will answer questions and monitor our sites during that time. In some instances the Town of Huntsville may need to schedule online communication for special events during non-business hours or respond and communicate during a crisis or emergency. The Town of Huntsville reserves the right to remove all comments on social media channels that are inappropriate, contain defamatory /obscene material, material prohibited by the laws of Canada or any other applicable jurisdiction. It is at the sole discretion of the Town of Huntsville what posts or comments are deemed inappropriate. We ask that your comments are respectful and relevant.The Town of Huntsville reserves the right to promote events on its website and/or social media channels if the Town is involved as a participant, host, partner or sponsor, otherwise the Town does not permit members of the public to promote events or businesses on its website and/or social media channels. Please see Linking Content Online for more details. The views expressed by outside sources on Town of Huntsville social media channels do not necessarily represent the views of the Town of Huntsville and its staff. The Town of Huntsville is not responsible or liable for content posted by outside contributors.
Interaction on Town of Huntsville Social Media Channels
Following, Favouriting, Liking, Retweeting and Sharing etc.
The Town of Huntsville reserves the right to follow, favourite, like and engage in online content, or social media account conversations. This does not imply endorsement of that account, user, channel, page, site etc. This also applies to sharing, retweeting, reposting or linking to content from other users.
Commenting
The Town of Huntsville will participate and comment in discussions when appropriate.   Content, comments or links containing any of the following will not be allowed on Town Social Media Channels. This includes comments by staff, elected officials and members of the public. The Town of Huntsville reserves the right to remove all comments or posts containing the following:
Personal information or information identifying an individual
Profane or inappropriate language
Business solicitation
Defamatory, disrespectful or comments perpetuating discrimination
Sexual content or links
Spam
Inaccurate information about Town of Huntsville business
Confidential information or proprietary records or information about the Town of Huntsville business
Information that is irrelevant to the topic or article
Copyrighted material
Content promoting political opinions or campaigns
Content related to or encouraging illegal activity
Please note it is very important to protect personal privacy online. Users are encouraged to refrain from posting personal information such as phone numbers, email or home addresses and other personal information when communicating online. Users interacting with the Town of Huntsville participate at their own risk.  Please read more about our online privacy policy.
Customer Service, Public Inquiries & Media Requests
The Town of Huntsville aims to provide the best customer service possible. Staff try to respond to comments or posts on our social media channels but cannot guarantee that all questions will be addressed. Public inquires that need responses should be directed to our official contact numbers: Town of Huntsville 705-789-1751 and the Canada Summit Centre 705-789-6421. Journalists requesting information should contact the Municipality through their normal channels and refrain from submitting questions or comment via social media.
Linking Content Online
The Town of Huntsville does not permit members of the public to promote events or businesses on its social media channels or website.
The Town of Huntsville may consider posting external links on its website and through its social media channels if the link is to:
An official government website (municipal, regional, provincial, federal)
A government-funded agency or board
A Town of Huntsville affiliated organization or business partner or organization under agreement with the Town
Regulatory authorities (e.g. Ontario Energy Board, TSSA)
The Town of Huntsville does not post external links on its website to:
Personal websites
Business websites that are not currently under an agreement with the Town
Political parties or campaigns
The Town of Huntsville reserves the right to post, or refuse to post any external links on its website or to delete links already posted on its sites at any time, without notice.
Accessibility
The Town of Huntsville is committed to accessibility and AODA compliance. As such, The Town of Huntsville is working to provide accessible information on its website pages and content within. If you are having trouble accessing information on the website or social media accounts please contact the Website Information Coordinator 705-789-1751 ext. 2221 and staff will work with you and internal departments to provide a solution.
The Town assumes no responsibility for the accuracy of translations that you perform using third party translation tools such as BrowseAloud, GoogleTM Translate or others. These tools are automated and may make mistakes that a skilled human translator would not otherwise make.
Copyright and Privacy
Individuals who appear in photos posted online by the Town have entered into an agreement previously and have given photo release. If you have questions or concerns about imagery please contact the Manager of Marketing 705-789-1751 ext.3042.
All information on our websites are protected by the Canadian laws of copyright. Unless permission is grated, no one may copy, redistribute, reproduce or republish in any form, any material located on this website.Read more about privacy on our online privacy policy page.
During an Emergency or Crisis
During a natural disaster, emergency or crisis, the Town of Huntsville will communicate information through our regular communication channels primarily through our website via press release on the Public Notices & News page. Social Media channels and sites will be utilized as a secondary communication channel. During an emergency, crisis or natural disaster all regularly scheduled Town of Huntsville social media communication will stop so that emergency communication is top priority.Residents in immediate danger should call 911 or any appropriate hotlines.In the event of an emergency, residents should seek all communication methods available to broaden their channels and get up-to-date information.
Read more about emergency planning.
Online Disclaimer
The Town of Huntsville has the right to edit, delete, modify, vet and/or change any material sent or posted to this online terms of use document, its web site(s) and/or social media channels at any time without prior notice or consent.
While every effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information on this website, The Town of Huntsville will not be liable for damages arising from, but in no way limited to, the transmission of information over the internet. And although the Town of Huntsville relies on reputable sources and believes the online content and information is correct and attempts to keep the information current, the Town of Huntsville does not warrant the accuracy or completeness of the information.
If you have a question with regards to our website or social media channels please contact Marketing at 705-789-1751 ex. 3042 or ext. 2221.
Contact Us
Subscribe to this Page