https://www.transip.eu/privacy-policy/
/ Four Privacy PromisesWe prefer to collect as little information from you as possible. Yet sometimes it is necessary, for example to deliver your order or to gauge what you think of a new product page. TransIP handles your data carefully and ensures that your privacy is guaranteed.
That is why we give you these four privacy promises:We protect your personal information as if it were our own.We only use your personal information for the purposes described in this privacy statement.We do not store your data longer than necessary to achieve the purposes stated in this privacy statement.We never share your personal information with other parties without well-founded reason./ Which personal data does TransIP process?In order to execute your contract with us, we need the following personal information from you.Name and address details
Your name is stored because we prefer not to address you using your customer number. We need your address and place of residence for the preparation of invoices, to be able to contact you or to come by for a cup of coffee (should you invite us some time).Company details
It is kind of nice to keep private and business separate. That’s why we ask you to fill in your (company) name and business address when you purchase our products as a company.Email address
We keep your email address so it is possible to send you important messages about your order or account. We can also use your e-mail address to keep you up-to-date via newsletters about new developments at TransIP. You have the option to unsubscribe of course.Phone number
We use your telephone number to contact you in an emergency or to ask for your input. In addition, we use your number for sending SMS messages to carry out a two-step verification or monitoring of your VPS.Login details and customer number
We store your log-in data to protect access to your account so only you or those with whom you share this information can log in. We also create a unique customer number with which we can help you more quickly.IP-Address
We store your IP address to be able to give you an overview from which IP address is logged in to your account or changes have been made. This address is also used to better protect your account against unauthorized access from other locations.Payment details
We store payment details - such as your PayPal and credit card details, your account number and your name as account holder - after a successful order. We also use other parties to process your payments, such as credit card companies. Upon ordering we create both a unique quotation number and invoice number that are linked to your account./ Other data processed by TransIPWe also collect some personal data that are not intended for the execution of a contract. We do this based on a legitimate interest or with your permission. It concerns the following data.
Work related personal data
If you apply with us, we would like to see what you got of course. We check this based on your resume, motivation letter, portfolio or submitted job application. We will delete your personal data within 12 months should you not be accepted unfortunately.Cookies
Some of the above-mentioned personal data in combination with the cookies placed by us make it possible for us to see how you use our website and services and where your interests lie. This way we can better adapt our website, services and advertisements to your taste. The consent you have given for placing cookies and showing ads can be withdrawn at any time.Server logs
If you use our services, we automatically store some information about your connection with our servers in so-called server logs. Think of your IP address, browser version, and the time of your visit. We use the information contained in these logs to resolve errors on our systems and to detect persons who endanger our network to subsequently take measures against this.Other personal data
It sometimes happens that we receive additional personal information via support tickets, social media messages or via e-mail messages which we did not ask for. If we do not need this personal information to help you further, we will delete it – if technically possible./ Purposes of data processingWe do not process your personal data without underlying reasons of course, but we need them for:providing access to our website and services, so you can log into your control panel, for example;having useful functionalities on our website work, so your shopping basket is retained on a subsequent visit for example;entering into and executing your contract with us, so we know which services you are entitled to;getting in contact, for example to help you with a problem you encounter;treating your complaint, for a long and happy relationship;securing our services and combating fraud, so someone else does not impersonate you for example;handling responses to our vacancies, so we better know whether you are the right match.
After obtaining your consent, we also use your personal data for:obtaining insight into the use of our website, so we know, for example, which pages should be better organized;improving and evaluating our website and services, so we know, for example, which new functionalities you would like to see in our services;tailoring our content to your interests, so you do not see ads on Google or Facebook that have no added value;
We will not use your personal data for purposes other than those discussed above unless you have given permission in advance or we are legally obliged to do so./ SecurityWe take strict security measures to prevent misuse of and unauthorized access to your personal data. This way we ensure that only the necessary persons have access to your data, that access to your data is protected and that our security measures are checked regularly. In addition, we use SSL certificates for the secure transfer of your data and your communication with us./ Your privacy and third partiesWhen someone offers us a million euros to just buy your personal data, we will kindly show him the door. We will only share your information with others in the following three cases:For the provision or execution of our services
We use payment services such as iDEAL or PayPal to make different payment methods possible.To perform a legal obligation
A police claim can oblige us to share your information with the police.To register a domain name
Your data and domain name will be included in the Whois database of the responsible domain name organization. If we do not share this, registration of a domain name is not possible.
With your permission, we share your data with third parties in the following three cases:For improving our services, website or advertisements
We use software from other parties to measure how well a new product page appeals to you. For this we use, among other things, the American Google Analytics, with which we have a processor agreement. More information about data processing by Google Analytics can be found in Google's Privacy Policy.To distinguish between a natural person and automated processing
We also use Google's reCAPTCHA function on this website. This function is mainly used to distinguish whether an entry is made by a natural person or via mechanical and automated processing. It involves sending the IP address to Google and all other data necessary for the operation of reCAPTCHA. Additional information about Google reCAPTCHA and Google's privacy statement can be found in Google's Privacy Policy.To obtain feedback
We use research agencies to hear how satisfied you are about our services.
Within the business concern to which TransIP belongs, your data can be exchanged within the European Union for the aforementioned purposes. Processing within the concern occurs predominantly for marketing and internal administration(including internal analysis) purposes. No more personal data is exchanged than is reasonably necessary.Our hawk eyes, muscles and sharp agreements ensure that your data is well protected and secured, even after they are shared with another party./ Automated decisionsSometimes we take an automated decision based on personal data. Below we explain how this happens, the reason for this and what consequences this may have for you.If an invoice is not paid on time, we will automatically send some warnings to the non-paying customer. If nothing is done afterwards, we will block the services that are taken from us. As a last resort, a debt collection agency is called in before automatically terminating services./ CookiesCookies may also contain personal information about, for example, your browsing habits and interests. View our cookie policy for all ins and outs about the cookies we use./ Third party websitesOur privacy and cookie statement does not apply to websites of others that we link to from, for example, our blog articles. We can’t see whether they handle your data just as well as we do of course. If you end up on a website of another company, do not forget to carefully read their privacy and cookie statement before you share your personal data./ Your Privacy RightsAs a user of our website and services you have a few useful privacy rights at your disposal. For example, you can ask us to view or correct, transfer or delete your personal data. In addition, it is possible to request that further processing of your personal data be temporarily stopped or even object to this.
If you want to use these rights or know more about them, please contact us via your control panel or mail to support@transip.eu.
In order to not just tinker with the wrong personal data, we can ask you to adequately identify yourself by sending a message from your control panel.
It is also possible to contact us if you do not want to exercise one of your privacy rights but want to file a complaint about something you are not satisfied with. Under the privacy legislation you also have the right to turn to the Autoriteit Persoons Gegevens, the Dutch watchdog of the privacy legislation./ Contact DetailsIf you have any questions or comments after reading our privacy and cookie statement, please contact us using the contact details below.
Company Name:TransIP B.V.AddressVondellaan 472332 AA LeidenEmail address:support@transip.euSociale Media Channels:Twitter and FacebookKvK-nummer:24345899Btw-nummer:NL812334966B01Due to new laws or different circumstances, we will adjust our privacy statement from time to time. This page always shows the most recent version. The last change took place on December 3rd, 2020.