https://www.beverlybrown.com/privacy-policy/
stay connected
EmailInstagramPinterest
Live Artfully
shop now
home
shop for art
buyer reviews
lookbook
FAQS/policies
Print Shop FAQs & Policies
About the Art Prints
Privacy Policy
about
contact/subscribe
contact Beverly
subscribe to Beverly’s blog
blog
illustration
Who we are
This website is the WordPress site of artist Beverly Brown, at the website address: https://www.beverlybrown.com/
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
If you submit an email message via the contact form, in addition to your name and email, we will be able to see your IP address and browser.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
We use the services of Google Analytics & Statcounter to track visitors’ activity on this website solely for marketing purposes. This allows us to evaluate the effectiveness of paid advertisements, search engine optimization and site design. We cannot see your personally identifying information such as your name or email address. However can see visitors’ IP addresses, browsers, geographic locations, device, pages viewed and search terms.
Who we share your data with
We don’t share any data you submit on this site with anyone else (i.e. comments or emails). Please note that if you choose to join our email list, it is administered by Mail Chimp and they store your information on their secure server. Your email list information (name & email) is never sold or shared with anyone else.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Our contact information
Beverly Brown – PO Box 885 – Grand Central Station, New York, NY 10163 . Tel – (646)789-4190
Additional information
For information about our separately-hosted e-commerce shop, please visit https://www.beverlybrown.com/faqs/
I’m looking for ….
Inspiration in your inbox
Subscribe here to Beverly's latest art, inspiration and special promotions.
Read buyer reviews
Browse Art By Subject
Abstract Art
Animal Art
Dance Art
Fashion Art
Floral Art
French Art
Interior Scenes Art
Italian Art
Land, Sea & Sky Art
New York City Art
Portrait & Figure Art
Still Life Art
Browse Art By Color
Black, White & Gray Art
Blue Art
Colorful Multi-colored Art
Green Art
Neutral Tones Art
Orange Art
Pink Art
Purple Art
Red Art
Yellow Art
Buy Beverly’s Art Online
Hello! I’m Beverly. . . .
I'm an artist based in New York City, working in a style that is dreamy, romantic, chic and colorful. Read more…
Inspiration in your inbox ….
Subscribe here for occasional emails from Beverly with her latest artwork, inspiration & special promotions.
shop for art
buyer reviews
contact Beverly
Beverly’s blog
illustration