http://www.punknews.org/legal
Home
My News
Reviews
Tips?
Bands
Interviews
Best New Music
Podcasts
Tours
New Releases
Login
Terms of Use
1. Acceptance of Terms of Use and Amendments.
Each time you use or cause access to this web site, you agree to be bound by these
Terms of Use, and as amended from time to time with or without
notice to you. In addition, if you are using a particular service on or through this
web site, you will be subject to any rules or guidelines applicable to those services
and they shall be incorporated by reference into these Terms of Use.
Please see our Privacy Policy, which is incorporated into
these Terms of Use by reference.
2. Your Responsibilities and Registration Obligations.
In order to use this web site, you may register on our site,
agree to provide truthful information when requested, and be at least the age of
thirteen (13) or older. When registering, you explicitly agree to our Terms of Use and as may be modified by us from time to time
and available here.
3. Privacy Policy.
Registration data and other personally identifiable information that we may collect is
subject to the terms of our Privacy Policy.
4. Registration and Password.
You are responsible to maintain the confidentiality
of your password and shall be responsible for all uses via your registration and/or login,
whether authorized or unauthorized by you. You agree to immediately notify us of any
unauthorized
use or your registration, user account or password.
5. Your Conduct.
You agree that all information or data of any kind, whether text,
software, code, music or sound, photographs or graphics, video or other materials
("Content"),
publicly or privately provided, shall be the sole responsibility
of the person providing the Content or the person whose user account is used. You agree that
our web site may expose you to Content that may be objectionable or offensive.
We shall not
be responsible to you in any way for the Content that appears on this web site nor for
any error or omission.
You explicitly agree, in using this web site or any service provided, that
you shall not:
(a) provide any Content or perform any conduct that may be unlawful, illegal,
threatening, harmful, abusive, harassing, stalking, tortious, defamatory, libelous,
vulgar, obscene, offensive, objectionable, pornographic, designed to or does
interfere or interrupt this web site or any service provided, infected with
a virus or other destructive or deleterious programming routine, give rise to
civil or criminal liability, or which may violate an applicable local, national
or international law;
(b) impersonate or misrepresent your association with any person or entity,
or forge or otherwise seek to conceal or misrepresent the origin of any Content
provided by you;
(c) collect or harvest any data about other users;
(d) provide or use this web site and any Content or service in any commercial
manner
or in any manner that would involve junk mail, spam, chain letters, pyramid
schemes,
or any other form of unauthorized advertising without our prior written
consent;
(e) provide any Content that may give rise to our civil or criminal liability
or
which may consititue or be considered a violation of any local, national
or
international law, including but not limited to laws relating to copyright,
trademark, patent, or trade secrets.
6. Submission of Content on this Web Site.
By providing any Content to our web site:
(a) you agree to grant to us a worldwide, royalty-free, perpetual, non-exclusive
right and license (including any moral rights or other necessary rights) to
use, display, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, distribute, perform, promote,
archive, translate, and to create derivative works and compilations, in whole
or in part. Such license will apply with respect to any form, media, technology
known or later developed;
(b) you warrant and represent that you have all legal, moral, and other rights
that may be necessary to grant us with the license set forth in this Section 7;
(c) you acknowledge and agree that we shall have the right (but not obligation),
in our sole discretion, to refuse to publish or to remove or block access to
any Content you provide at any time and for any reason, with or without notice.
7. Third Party Services.
Goods and services of third parties may be advertised and/or made available
on or through this web site. Representations made regarding products and services
provided by third parties are governed by the policies and representations made
by these third parties. We shall not be liable for or responsible in any manner
for any of your dealings or interaction with third parties.
8. Indemnification.You agree to indemnify and hold us harmless, our
subsidiaries, affiliates, related
parties, officers, directors, employees, agents,
independent contractors, advertisers,
partners, and co-branders from any claim or
demand, including reasonable attorney's
fees, that may be made by any third party,
that is due to or arising out of
your conduct or connection with this web site or
service, your provision of
Content, your violation of this Terms of Use
or any other violation of the rights of another person or party.
9. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES.
YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THIS WEB SITE AND ANY SERVICES OR
CONTENT PROVIDED (THE "SERVICE") IS MADE AVAILABLE AND PROVIDED TO
YOU AT YOUR OWN RISK. IT IS PROVIDED TO YOU "AS IS" AND WE EXPRESSLY
DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, IMPLIED OR EXPRESS, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED
TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND
NON-INFRINGEMENT.
WE MAKE NO WARRANTY, IMPLIED OR EXPRESS, THAT ANY PART OF THE SERVICE WILL
BE UNINTERRUPTED, ERROR-FREE, VIRUS-FREE, TIMELY, SECURE, ACCURATE, RELIABLE,
OF ANY QUALITY, NOR THAT ANY CONTENT IS SAFE IN ANY MANNER FOR DOWNLOAD. YOU
UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT NEITHER US NOR ANY PARTICIPANT IN THE SERVICE PROVIDES
PROFESSIONAL ADVICE OF ANY KIND AND THAT USE OF SUCH ADVICE OR ANY OTHER INFORMATION
IS SOLELY AT YOUR OWN RISK AND WITHOUT OUR LIABILITY OF ANY KIND.
Some jurisdictions may not allow disclaimers of implied warranties and the
above disclaimer may not apply to you only as it relates to implied warranties.
10. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.
YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT WE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT,
INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INDICENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, DATA OR OTHER
INTANGIBLE LOSS (EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES),
RESULTING FROM OR ARISING OUT OF (I) THE USE OF OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE
SERVICE,
(II) THE COST TO OBTAIN SUBSTITUTE GOODS AND/OR SERVICES RESULTING
FROM ANY TRANSACTION
ENTERED INTO ON THROUGH THE SERVICE, (III) UNAUTHORIZED
ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF
YOUR DATA TRANSMISSIONS, (IV) STATEMENTS OR CONDUCT
OF ANY THIRD PARTY ON THE SERVICE,
OR (V) ANY OTHER MATTER RELATING TO THE SERVICE.
In some jurisdictions, it is not permitted to limit liability and therefore
such limitations may not apply to you.
11. Reservation of Rights.
We reserve all of our rights, including but not limited to any and all copyrights,
trademarks, patents, trade secrets, and any other proprietary right that we
may have in our web site, its content, and the goods and services that may be
provided. The use of our rights and property requires our prior written consent.
We are not providing you with any implied or express licenses or rights by making
services available to you and you will have no rights to make any commercial
uses of our web site or service without our prior written consent.
12. Notice of Copyright Infringement
Punknews.org (the "Provider") respects the intellectual property rights of third parties and responds to allegations that copyrighted material has been posted, uploaded or shared on or through Punknews.org.net (the "Site") without authorization from the copyright holder in accordance with the safe harbor set forth in the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA"). Punknews.org will also, in appropriate circumstances and at its discretion, disable and/or terminate the accounts of users who may infringe or repeatedly infringe the copyrights of others in accordance with the DMCA.
The DMCA provides recourse for copyright owners who believe that material appearing on the Internet infringes their rights under U.S. copyright law. If you have a good faith belief regarding the use of materials on the Site infringes your copyright, you may send to the Provider a notice requesting that the material be removed, or access to it be blocked.If you believe that your work has been copied and made available through the Site in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, you may send a written document to Punknews.org's Designated Agent (as set forth below) that contains the following (a "Notice"):
A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed and, if multiple copyrighted works are covered by a single notification, a list of all such works.
Identification of the URL or other specific location that contains the material that you claim infringes your copyright described in Item 1 above. You must provide us with reasonably sufficient information to locate the allegedly infringing material.
A physical or electronic signature of the copyright holder or a person authorized to act on his or her behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;
A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or applicable law.
A statement by you that the information contained in your Notice is accurate and that you attest under the penalty of perjury that you are the copyright owner or that you are authorized to act on the owner's behalf.
Your name, mailing address, telephone number, and email address.
If you believe in good faith that a notice of copyright infringement has been wrongly filed by the Provider against you, the DMCA permits you to send the Provider a counter-notice. Notices and counter-notices must meet the then-current statutory requirements imposed by the DMCA; see copyright.gov for details. Notices and counter-notices with respect to the Site should be sent to Punknews.org's designated agent:
Copyright Agent
2008470 Ontario Corporation
2660 Sherwood Heights Drive
Oakville, Ontario
Canada
Email:
Please note that you may be liable for damages, including court costs and attorneys fees, if you misrepresent that content uploaded by a Site user is infringing your copyright. The Provider suggests that you consult with your legal advisor before filing a notice or counter-notice.
Upon receiving a proper Notice, Punknews.org will remove or disable access to the allegedly infringing material. We will also advise the alleged infringer of the DMCA Counter Notice Procedure described below in Section B by which the alleged infringer may respond to your claim and request that we restore this material.
13. Applicable Law.
You agree that this Terms of Use
and any dispute arising out of
your use of this web site or our products or
services shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with local laws where the headquarters of the owner of this web site is located,
without regard to its conflict of law provisions. By registering or using this web site
and service you consent and submit to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the county or
city where the headquarters of the owner of this web site is located.
14. Miscellaneous Information.
(i) In the event that this Terms
of Use conflicts with any law
under which any provision may be held invalid
by a court with jurisdiction over the parties,
such provision will be interpreted
to reflect the original intentions of the parties in
accordance with applicable
law, and the remainder of this Terms
of Use
will remain valid and intact; (ii) The failure of either party to assert any right under
this Terms of Use shall not be considered a waiver of any that
party's right and that
right will remain in full force and effect; (iii) You agree that
without regard
to any statue or contrary law that any claim or cause arising out of this web
site or its services must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause
arose or the claim shall be forever barred; (iv) We may assign our rights and
obligations
under this Terms of Use and we shall be relieved of any further obligation.