http://www.cinemagrill.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - Cinema Grill & Outtakes Bar
Cinema Grill & Outtakes Bar
Menu
Cinema Grill
Outtakes Bar
Contact Us
{{siteCtrl.cartService.cart.totalQuantity}} - {{siteCtrl.cartService.cart.total | currency}}
Checkout
Empty Cart
Cinema Grill & Outtakes Bar
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting CinemaGrill.com or OuttakesBar.com. Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used at this Cinema Grill & Outtakes Bar (a d/b/a of Fuhrmann Entertainment, LLC.) site.
The Information We Collect
At this site, the type of personally identifiable information that may be collected include: name, address, E-mail address, telephone number, fax number, credit card information, and information about your interest in and use of various Cinema Grill products, programs, and services. We also may collect certain non-personally identifiable information when you visit our site such as the type of browser you are using (e.g., Chrome, Internet Explorer), the type of operating system you are using (e.g., Windows or Mac OS) and the domain name of your Internet service provider (e.g., Comcast, CenturyLink).
How We Use the Information
We may use the information you provide about yourself to fulfill your requests for our products, programs, and services, to respond to your inquiries about our offerings, and to offer you other Cinema Grill products, programs or services that we believe may be of interest to you.
We sometimes use this information to communicate with you, such as to fulfill a request by you for an online order, or to contact you about your account with us.
We sometimes use the non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the design and content of our site and to enable us to personalize your Internet experience. We also may use this information in the aggregate to analyze site usage. We may provide aggregate statistics about our customers, sales, traffic patterns, and related site information to reputable third- party vendors, but these statistics will not include any personally identifying information.
We do not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others. We will disclose information we maintain when required to do so by law, for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena. We also may disclose such information in response to law enforcement agency's request for such information.
Cinema Grill employees and contractors who have access to personally identifiable information are required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Statement by not using the information for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for Cinema Grill.
Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information, we cannot assure you that personally identifiable information that we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy.
Collection of Information by Third-Party Sites
Our site from time to time may contain links to other sites whose information practices may be different than ours. Visitors should consult the other sites' privacy notices, as we have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties.
Cookies
To enhance your experience with our sites, our web page uses "cookies." Cookies are text files we place in your computer's browser to store your preferences. Cookies, by themselves, do not tell us your E-mail address or other personally identifiable information unless you choose to provide this information to us by, for example, registering at our site.
We use cookies to understand site usage and to improve the content and offerings on our sites. For example, we may use cookies to personalize your experience at our web page (e.g. to recognize you by name when you return to our site) and save your password in password-protected areas. We also may use cookies to offer you Cinema Grill products, programs, or services.
Our Commitment to Security
We have put in place commercially reasonable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the information we collect online.
How You can Access or Correct Information
You may update or change information related to your newhopecinemagrill.com account by contacting us. To protect your privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to help verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
Your Consent
By using our web site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by newhopecinemagrill.com. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about the Cinema Grill Privacy Policy for this site or its implementation you may contact us us with your concerns or questions
Cinema Grill & Outtakes Bar
2749 Winnetka Ave NNew Hope, MN 55427
Phone (763) 417-0017Email  management@newhopecinemagrill.com
Contact
Employment
Social pages
facebook
twitter
© 2020 Fuhrmann Entertainment, LLC
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use