http://www.wedj.com/dj-photo-video.nsf/privacy.html
WeDJ.com General Contact Information
Sign InYour PrivacyGet Listed
Bookmark Us
Home
Or, request a
Quick Quote
Saved Favorites
Appear Here!
My List
Disc Jockeys (DJs) - Photographers
- Videographers for Weddings or Special Events
WeDJ.com Privacy Policy
Your online privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
WeDJ.com has created this privacy statement (effective 8/5/2013) in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site: http://www.wedj.com
We are not responsible for pages that are not within the wedj.com domain.
Links provided to you from this website should be used at your own risk.
Further, because we are a listing service, each vendor is responsible for their content.
This website is a member of the Better Business Bureau and our site seal appears at the bottom of this page.
Table Of Contents:
Our Commitment To Privacy
What Is Collected & How We Use It
Our Commitment To Data Security
Our Commitment To Children's Privacy
How To Access Or Correct Your Information
How To Contact Us
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
If you feel that we have violated your privacy beyond the scope of this document, report it immediately by sending an email to our support staff.
Should they be unable to resolve your complaint, please contact us using the address and/or phone number provided at the bottom of this page.
The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on our website. WeDJ.com does not separately provide this information to any third party source.
We collect information from four specific areas:
Site Vendors:
Our service collects information from thousands of DJs, Photographers, Videographers, and other wedding-related businesses throughout the Unites States and abroad.
We send emails to each site vendor when a visitor clicks on their website link.
We only provide personal information when the visitor approves it.
WeDJ.com also sends by email certain update information to our system, monthly statistics, and occasional items of interest within the vendor community.
All email addresses are kept strictly confidential and we do not sell, lease, or provide this to any third party.
Additionally, the information is used to create search results available to any person who visits the site.
Vendor information is divided into two categories: public and private.
Public Information: Available to any person who searches this site.
Includes: company name, general location, phone number, email (provided as a link), web site (optional), and user-supplied company information text.
Private Information: Used for account maintenance purposes; not available to the public.
Contact name, full mailing address, actual email address, toll-free number (optional), general company statistics, and username/password.
Anonymous Visitors:
The purpose of our site is to find DJs and Photographers for wedding receptions or special events.
Anonymous visitors are considered the "customer" and visit our site to gather information and/or provide basic contact information to prospective DJs and/or Photographers.
To assist the customer we ask for voluntary information which is stored on the customer's computer as a cookie.
It is used to help auto-populate redundant forms.
Data collected from cookie-based forms are only provided to the vendor selected, and only at the option of the customer.
Some of our pages contain a simple "Request more information" form which can be used to exchange information with our site vendors.
Each field is stored in a cookie for up to 7 days and can be erased by clearing the fields and leaving a page or removing cookies from your browser.
Named Visitors:
Visitors to our website have the opportunity to receive free information from members.
We collect at their discretion, name, phone number, email address, event date, and type of event.
WeDJ.com sends a single email to each named visitor summarizing the websites he/she visited and then removes the Named Visitor's data.
If the Named Visitor visits WeDJ.com on a different date, another single email containing a summary will be sent should the Named Visitor provide their name for free information from vendors.
Payments:
Site vendors may opt-in for account options.
Electronic payments are handled externally through PayPal and our own merchant account.
WeDJ.com does not collect any information other than the product requested.
For further information concerning Paypal electronic payments, please see our provider's policy (http://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=p/gen/privacy-outside).
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. Data is secured through the services of Lotus Notes Domino which complies with strict government security schemes.
Our Commitment To Children's Privacy
We do not market services to children, nor require anonymous users to provide information about themselves.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by selecting 'Edit Listing' from our homepage.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections. Your user ID and password are required for access.
If lost, there are procedures (found on the login page) for recovery.
To contact us, regarding any privacy concerns, you can reach us at:
WeDJ.com
Island Estates Plaza
140 Island Way Suite 257
Clearwater, FL 33767
email:
phone: (727) 216-2997
Tweet
Home
Site Map
Advertising
Link To Us
Insurance
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Google It
Bing It
Copyright © 1998 - 2020 WeDJ.com - Djs-Photographers-Videographers
Page last updated on 12/11/2020
Alabama, Alaska, Arizona, Arkansas, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Hawaii, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, Mississippi, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, Nevada, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New Mexico, New York, North Carolina, North Dakota, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, South Dakota, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, Vermont, Virginia, Washington, West Virginia, Wisconsin, Wyoming, Best DJ Sites - Canada,
Alberta, British Columbia, Manitoba, New Brunswick, Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Ontario, Prince Edward Island, Quebec, Saskatchewan