http://www.woohu.com/privacy.php
Username:
Password:
Home
Search
Help
About
Store
Create A JournalUpdate Your JournalLogin
Privacy
All personal information that you submit to Woohu.com will strictly be used only for Woohu.com. Woohu.com will not sell any of your information to a third party. The following is a list of the information we gather from you and what each piece of information is used for.
I. Your Age
We ask you for your age when you first register with Woohu.com. However, we dispose of that information right away and we never even record the information. We only use this so we know if a user is under the age of 13 years. No one under the age of 13 years is allowed to use Woohu.com.
II. E-mail Address
We use your e-mail address for sending you your password when you forget it. We also use your e-mail address for sending you notifications that you have selected to receive. By default, your e-mail address will not show up on your user profile.
III. Name
This is just for your profile and has no real significance. We don't care if it's even remotely real.
IV. Birthdate
Optional. We give you the option to fill in your birthdate for your profile. It is also used as a statistical value for us.
V. Gender
Optional. Purely for our own statistics. Other users do not even have an option to view this information.
VI. City, State, Country
Allows other users to find you based on location. Also used for stats. You may choose to block your location from being viewed by other users.
VII. AOL IM, ICQ, MSN, YIM
Optional. Allows other users to contact you. If you don't want to be contacted, don't fill the fields in. Simple.
VIII. Bio
Optional. Allows other users to know more about you. If you fill it in, other users will be able to view it. Do not release information that you do not want other users to see.
IX. Interests
Optional. Allows other users to know what you like. Users can also search for other users by common interest.
Have I forgotten something? Let me know at andy AT woohu dot com. If you have any questions about any item just send an e-mail.
0 Members Online
- 82 Guests Online
- view members
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
COPPA
Contact