http://www.andreabocelli.com/privacy-policy
Official Website
Play
Privacy-policy
Privacy Policy for Website Users Articles 13 and 14 of Regulation 2016/679/EU (hereinafter also referred to as the “GDPR”)
Purpose of this Privacy Policy
Almud Edizioni Musicali S.r.l (hereinafter also referred to as the “Company” or “Data Controller”) is committed to respecting and protecting your privacy and wants you to feel safe when simply browsing the Website and if you decide to register by providing us with your personal data in order to use the services made available to its Users and/or Customers. On this page, the Company intends to provide information concerning the processing of personal data of Users who visit or consult the Website, which can be accessed by electronic means at the address: https://www.andreabocelli.com/it (hereinafter referred to as the “Website”). The Privacy Policy only refers to the Company’s website but not to other websites that may be consulted by the User via links (for these, please refer to their respective privacy statements/policies). The reproduction or use of any pages, materials and information on the Website, by any means and using any media, is not permitted without the written authorisation of the Company. Copying and/or printing is permitted for personal and non-commercial use only (for requests and explanations, please contact the Company at the addresses specified below. Other uses of the contents, services and information on the Website are not permitted.
With regard to the contents offered and the information provided, the Company will ensure that the contents of the Website are kept reasonably up to date and revised, without offering any guarantee of the adequacy, accuracy or completeness of the information provided, and expressly disclaiming any liability for any errors of omission in the information provided on the Website.
Origin – Navigation data
The Company informs you that the personal data provided by you and acquired at the same time as the request for information and/or contact, registering with the Website and using the services via a smartphone or any other device to access the Internet, as well as any data required for the provision of such services, including navigation data and the data used for purchasing the products and services offered by the Company, including the so-called “navigation” data collected automatically when Users consult the Website, will be processed in compliance with applicable legislation. The computer systems and software procedures used to operate this Website acquire certain personal data, during their normal operation, whose transmission is implicit when using the Internet. This information is not collected in order to be associated with the identified data subjects involved, however, due to its very nature, it may allow navigator users to be identified through processing and association with data held by third parties. This category includes data such as the “IP addresses” or domain names of the computers used by Users who access the Website, URI (Uniform Resource Identifier) notation addresses of the requested resources, the time of the request, the procedure used to submit the request to the web server, the size of the file received in response, the code number indicating the status of the response provided by the web server (successful, error, etc.) and other parameters related to the operating system and to the User’s computer environment. Such data are used for the sole purpose of compiling anonymous statistical data regarding the use of the Website and for checking the proper operation of the Company’s website. It should be noted that the aforementioned data could be used to ascertain responsibility in the event of computer crimes against the Company’s website or other websites related or connected to it: except for this possibility, at present data concerning web contacts do not remain for more than a few days.
Origin – Data provided by the User
The Company collects, retains and processes your personal data for the purpose of providing products and services offered on the Website, or for legal obligations. With regard to certain specific Services, Products, Promotions, etc., the Company may also process your data for commercial purposes. In such cases, specific, separate, optional and always revocable consent will be required following the procedures and at the addresses given below.
The optional, explicit and voluntary sending of electronic mail to the addresses specified in the appropriate section of the Website, as well as the compilation of questionnaires (e.g. forms), communication via chats, push notifications via Apps, social networks, call centres, etc., involves the subsequent acquisition of some of your personal data, including data collected through the use of Apps and related services, which is required in order to reply to requests. We also point out that when using mobile connection to access the digital content and services offered directly by the Company or by our partners, it may be necessary to transfer your personal data to these third parties. Please note that you may access the Website or connect to areas where you may be able to post information using blogs or bulletin boards, communicate with others, for example, from the Company’s page on Facebook®, LinkedIn®, YouTube®, and from other social network websites, review products and offers, and post comments or contents. Before interacting with these areas, please carefully read the General Conditions of Use, bearing in mind that, in certain circumstances, the information posted may be viewed by anyone with access to the Internet and all information included in your posts may be read, collected and used by third parties.
Legal basis and purpose of processing
The data you provide will be processed for the following purposes:
those strictly related to and required for registration to the Website www.Azienda.it, services and/or Apps developed or made available by the Company, use of the related information services, management of requests for contact or information, and for purchasing the products and services offered on the Company’s website;
additional activities related to the management of User/Customer requests and the sending of feedback that may include the sending of promotional materials; completion of purchase orders for products and services offered, including all aspects concerning credit card payments, management of shipments, possible exercising of the right to reconsider envisaged for remote purchases, and updates on the availability of products and services that are temporarily unavailable;
fulfilment of obligations under EU and Italian legislation, the protection of public order and the detection and prosecution of criminal offences;
direct marketing, i.e. sending of advertising materials, direct sales, carrying out market research or commercial communication of products and/or services offered by the Company; this activity may also include products and services of companies in the Company’s Group and be carried out by sending advertising/informative/promotional materials and/or invitations to participate in initiatives, events and offers aimed at rewarding Users/Customers, carried out using “traditional” methods (e.g. printed mail and/or operator calls), or through “automated” contact systems (e.g. SMS and/or MMS, telephone calls without operator intervention, e-mails, fax, interactive applications), pursuant to Article 130 c. 1 and 2 of Legislative Decree no. 196/03 and subsequent amendments and supplements.
Data provided for the purposes referred to in points 1), 2) and 3), in connection with a pre-contractual and/or contractual phase i.e. related to a user request or provided for by a specific legal provision, is mandatory. Failing to provide data will make it impossible for Users to receive information or access any requested services. By contrast, with regard to point 4) of this Privacy Policy, the User/Customer’s consent to processing data is free and optional and can always be revoked without affecting the usability of products and services. However, it will be impossible for the Company to keep the User/Customer up to date on new initiatives or on special promotional offers or advantages that may be available to Users/Customers.
The Company may send commercial communication relating to products and/or services similar to those already provided, pursuant to the Directive 2002/58/EU, using the e-mail address, or postal address, you have provided on such occasions, to which you may object making use of to the methods and the addresses below.
Methods, data processing logic, retention periods and security measures
Processing is also carried out with the aid of electronic or automated means by the Company and/or by third parties, which the Company may appoint to retain, manage and transmit data. Data processing will be carried out with the organisation and processing logic of your personal data, including logs originating from access to and use of services made available via the web, products and services used related to the purposes mentioned above and, in any case, to ensure data security and confidentiality. The processed personal data will be retained for the time required by law in the applicable time.
With regard to data security, in the sections of the Website set up for particular services, where personal data are requested from the navigator user, the data is encrypted using security technology called Secure Sockets Layer, abbreviated to SSL. SSL technology encrypts information before it is exchanged via the Internet between the User’s computer and the Company’s central systems, making it incomprehensible to unauthorised persons, thus guaranteeing the confidentiality of the transmitted information. Moreover, transactions using electronic payment tools are made directly via the platform of the Payment Service Provider (PSP), and the Company keeps only the minimum set of information necessary to handle any disputes. With regard to the protection of personal data, the User/Customer is invited, pursuant to Article 33 of the GDPR, to report to the Company any circumstances or events that may give rise to a potential data breach in order to allow immediate assessment and take any action to counteract such an event by sending notification to: privacy@Azienda.it or by contacting our Customer Service. The measures adopted by the Company do not exempt the Customer from paying necessary attention to the use, when required, of passwords/PINs of appropriate complexity, which the Customer will be required to update periodically, especially if the Customer fears that he/she has been violated/is known to third parties, carefully protecting and making them inaccessible to third parties in order to avoid improper and unauthorised use.
Cookies
A cookie is a short text file sent to your browser and, eventually, saved on your computer (alternatively on your smartphone/tablet or any other device used to access the Internet). It is usually sent every time you visit a website. The Company uses cookies for various purposes in order to provide you with a fast and secure digital experience, for example, by allowing you to stay connected to the secure area while browsing through the pages of the Website.
The cookies stored on your terminal cannot be used to retrieve any data from your hard drive, transmit computer viruses or identify and use your e-mail address. Each cookie is unique in relation to the browser and the device you use to access the Website or to use the Company App. In general, the purpose of cookies is to improve website operation and the User’s experience of using it, although cookies may be used to send advertisements (as specified below). For more information on what cookies are and how they work, you can visit the “All About Cookies” website: http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
Areas of communication and data transfer
To achieve the aforesaid purposes, the Company may communicate Users/Customers’ personal data, and request their processing in Italy or abroad, to third parties, with whom we are associated, where these third parties provide services at our request. We will only provide these third parties with the information required to perform the services requested, taking all measures to protect your personal data. The data may be transferred outside the European Economic Area if this is necessary for the management of your contractual relationship. In this case, the recipients of the data will be subject to protection and security obligations equivalent to those guaranteed by the Data Controller. If services offered directly by Partners are used, we will provide only the data strictly necessary for their execution. In any case, only the data necessary for achieving the intended purposes will be communicated and, where required, the guarantees applicable to data transfers to non-EU countries will be observed. We may also disclose your personal data, for marketing purposes, to our commercial service providers, appointed as external data processors for this task. Furthermore, personal data may be communicated to competent public bodies and authorities for the purpose of fulfilling regulatory obligations or ascertaining responsibility in the event of computer crimes against the Website. Data may also be communicated to, or allocated to, third parties (in their capacity as data processors or, in the case of providers of electronic communication services, independent data controllers), which provide IT and telematic services (e.g. hosting, management and development of websites) and which the Company uses to carry out tasks and activities of a technical and organisational nature that are essential to the functioning of the Website. The persons belonging to the aforesaid categories operate as separate Data Controllers or as Data Processors appointed for this purpose by the Company
Personal data may also be made known to the Company’s employees/consultants, who are specifically trained and appointed as Data Processors.
The categories of recipients to whom the data may be communicated are available by contacting the Company at the addresses specified below.
Rights of data subjects
At any time, you may exercise the rights that are granted to you by law, including the right:
to access your personal data, obtaining evidence of the purposes pursued by the Data Controller, the categories of data involved, the recipients to whom data may be communicated, the applicable retention period and the existence of automated decision-making processes;
to obtain, without delay, the amendment of any incorrect personal data concerning you.
to obtain, in the cases provided for, the deletion of your data;
to obtain a restriction to processing or object to it, when possible;
to request the portability of the data that you have provided to the Company, i.e. to receive data in a structured format, commonly used and readable by an automatic device, also in order to transmit such data to another data controller, within the limits and constraints provided for in Article 20 of the GDPR;
In addition, you may lodge a complaint with the Supervisory Authority for the Protection of Personal Data pursuant to Article 77 of the GDPR.
For the processing of data referred to in point 4) of the purposes, the Customer may always revoke consent and exercise the right to object to direct marketing (in “traditional” and “automated” form). Unless otherwise indicated, such objection will apply to both traditional and automated communication.
Data Controller
The Data Controller, pursuant to Article 4 of the GDPR, is Almud Edizioni Musicali S.r.l., Via Tosco Romagnola, 742 – 56021 Cascina (PI) VAT no. 04166110371- Tax Code: 04166110371
The above rights may be exercised at the Data Subject’s request according to the procedure made known by the Customer Service, on the Company’s Website or via the following contacts: Bocelli Alberto (info@andreabocelli.com).
The use of the Website, including those intended for tablets and/or smartphones, by the Customer and/or User implies full knowledge and acceptance of the content and of any instructions included in this version of the Privacy Policy published by the Company at the time the Website is accessed. The Company would like to inform you that this Privacy Policy may be modified without prior notice and therefore recommends reading it regularly.
The Data Controller
Almud Edizioni Musicali s.r.l Via Tosco Romagnola, 74256021 Cascina (PI)P. IVA 04166110371
This Privacy Policy was updated on 09/04/2019.
Newsletter
Subscribe
Social
Andrea Bocelli Official Facebook Page
Andrea Bocelli Official Twitter Account
Andrea Bocelli Official Instagram Account
Andrea Bocelli Official Youtube Account
ANDREA BOCELLI
Business and Management Office
Almud Edizioni Musicali Srl | almudmusic.com
International Management
Maverick | maverick.com
RECORD LABEL
SUGAR MUSIC | sugarmusic.com / UNIVERSAL MUSIC GROUP | universalmusic.com
LIVE BOOKING AGENT
Klassics Music Management
WEBSITE & ARTWORK
CREATIVE DIRECTOR
SCOZZESE | Scozzese.com
SUPERVISOR
MASSIMILIANO BALLANTI
PHOTOGRAPHERS
LUCA ROSSETTI
VIDEO CONTENT
STRANI RUMORI STUDIO | stranirumoristudio.com
COPYWRITER
GIORGIO DE MARTINO
TECHNICAL PARTNER
SOCIAL MEDIA MANAGEMENT
SCOZZESE | Scozzese.com
Andrea Bocelli wears
STEFANO RICCI | stefanoricci.com
FANGROUP COORDINATOR
RENATE BAUSCH
PHOTOGRAPHER
FABIAN HOCHSCHEID
We use cookies to help you in providing our services. By using our service you agree to use of cookies in this website.
privacy policy
I ACCEPT
Search