https://www.pembrokeshirecoast.wales/planning/planning-policy/regional-minerals-planning/
Jump to Main content
Highlight Links
High contrast Mode
Readable Fonts
Greyscale Mode
Invert Mode
XClose this tab
Search for:
Search
National minerals planning policy is set out in Planning Policy Wales (PPW) Chapter 14 Minerals.
It states that: ‘Minerals development should not take place in National Parks, Areas of Outstanding Natural Beauty (AONBs), Sites of Special Scientific Interest and National Nature Reserves save in exceptional circumstances.’ (PPW 8, January 2016, paragraph 14.3.2).
Technical Advice Notes (MTANs) support Planning Policy Wales, the relevant ones for minerals being:
MTAN Wales 1: Aggregates (March 2004)
MTAN Wales 2: Coal (January 2009)
South Wales Regional Aggregates Working Party
The National Park Authority is part of the South Wales Regional Aggregates Working Party (SWRAWP).
Its role is to:
Monitor the production and distribution of primary and secondary aggregates
Assess aggregates demand and supply
Provide a five-yearly Regional Technical Statement
Administer joint voluntary arrangements of Local Authorities.
Regional Technical Statement First Review (August 2014)
The Regional Technical Statement provides a strategy for the future supply of construction aggregates for the South and North Regional Aggregate Working Party regions. It takes account of the latest available information regarding the balance of supply and demand and current notions of sustainability.
Contact Us
For further advice on minerals planning policy please contact Park Direction on 01646 624 800.
Planning Policy
Regional Waste Plans
Pembrokeshire County Council is the waste collection authority for the county as a whole, including the National Park.
Read more
Local Development Plan 2
As the local planning authority, we are responsible for preparing and updating the Local Development Plan. This process includes several stages of pre...
Read more
Planning Policy FAQ
Planning Policy Frequently Asked Questions
Read more
Get In Touch
Contact us and register your details to get the latest updates on what's happening in the Pembrokeshire Coast National Park.
Contact Us
Cookie Policy
To help us make this website better, the cookie settings are set to ‘allow all cookies’. If you continue without changing these settings, you consent to this – for more information and to change this at any time, see our cookie policy and privacy policy.
I understand
View Basket
Checkout
Continue Shopping