https://www.winsornewton.com/na/cookie-policy/
Skip to content
COVID-19 Update: we are unable to receive or ship any orders until further notice. Stay safe and stay creative and we hope to be open again soon.
HomeCookie Policy
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Promotions & Competitions
Shipping & Delivery
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Promotions & Competitions
Shipping & Delivery
Cookie Policy
Effective Date: 1st June 2019
1. We use cookies.
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we put on your computer. This site’s functionality may be limited if you do not accept cookies.
2. What are they used for?
Cookies are widely used to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the site owner or others. Session cookies are temporary cookies that remain in the cookie file of your browser only until you leave the site. They allow websites to link your actions during a browser session. Persistent cookies stay in the cookie file of your browser for longer (though how long will depend on the lifetime of the specific cookie). For further information on cookies, including how to use your browser to block them, visit: http://www.allaboutcookies.org/.
3.1 Cookies are used on this site for the following purposes:
Google Analytics
Google uses cookies to track website usage and provide analytics. More information on Google’s use of cookies and the data they collect can be viewed at https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en
Exponea
Exponea uses cookies to track website usage for the purpose of analytics and providing you with more relevant, personalised experiences and remarketing, meaning users who visit our website can receive our ads in the future. More information including the cookie names and expiry can be found at https://docs.exponea.com/docs/cookies-storage
Facebook
Facebook uses cookies to track users who have visited our website while they were logged into Facebook. These cookies are also used for remarketing, meaning that users who visited our website can receive our ads in the future. More information can be found at https://www.facebook.com/policies/cookies/
Stripe
Stripe is a payment processing service that uses cookies in order to process all payments for orders made on this website. More information can be found at https://stripe.com/cookies-policy/legal
WooCommerce
WooCommerce uses cookies to provide online shopping functionalities, such as determining when users add products to basket cart, showing related or recently viewed products and alerting users when they have let their carts abandoned. More information can be found at https://docs.woocommerce.com/document/woocommerce-cookies
Paypal
Paypal is a company that provide online payments for users who make online purchases in our company’s website. Paypal uses cookies to identiy users and to shorten the time the user needs to log in to his PayPal account by checking his email on PayPal database. More information can be found at https://www.paypal.com/uk/webapps/mpp/ua/cookie-full
WordPress
WordPress uses cookies to track users who have registered and are logged in into their accounts at our website – so they do not need to log in every time they access our pages. More information can be found at https://en-gb.wordpress.org/about/privacy/cookies
3.2 By continuing to use our site, having seen our cookie notice, we assume that you consent to use of the cookies outlined above.
0
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. You can manage your cookies in your browser settings at any time.
To learn more about how we use them, click here.OKPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non Necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Save & Accept
Sign up for email updates
Get the latest news, offers and guides delivered directly to your inbox
I am interested in
Paint
Graphic Art
My skill level is
Professional
Leisure
Student
Sign me up
By signing up I agree to the Winsor & Newton terms and conditions, privacy policy and cookie policy.
Thank you
We’ve sent you an email with a confirmation link to finalise your subscription. Don’t forget to check your spam box if you have not received anything in the next 15 minutes.
Continue exploring
Bienvenue
Merci de votre visite sur notre site Winsor & Newton !
Nous n'avons désormais plus de site en français, mais vous pouvez toujours découvrir
nos gammes de produits et bénéficier de toute notre expertise.
Vous serez désormais redirigé vers notre tout nouveau site en anglais. Bonne découverte.
Découvrir le site
It's in the bag. Good choice!
See bag
Check out now