https://www.glasgowsciencecentre.org/terms-and-conditions
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
You are purchasing tickets from Glasgow Science Centre (Trading) Limited with registered offices at 50 Pacific Quay, Glasgow, G51 1EA
GENERAL
We sell tickets on our own behalf and on behalf of partner organisations. The quantity of tickets made available for sale by us vary on an event by event basis. Tickets are generally sold through several distribution points, including online, phone and in person at our box office. All distribution points access the same ticketing system and inventory, therefore tickets for popular events may sell out quickly. Occasionally, additional tickets may be made available at our discretion.
To purchase items from us online, you must be 18 or over and have a valid credit/debit card issued in your name.
DAY TICKETS - COVID 19
All ticket purchases are subject to adherence with our safety guidelines. Visitors must not visit if they are experiencing symptoms of Cov-19. All visitors aged over 5 years old will need to wear a face mask during their visit. If you have a condition that prevents you from wearing a face mask, we recommend that you help us to support you by wearing a lanyard from the hidden disabilities sunflower scheme or other organisations who offer exemption cards. Social distancing must be adhered to (1 m in Café, 2m in all other areas.) We are operating a zero-tolerance policy to anyone who does not adhere to safety guidelines in place.
If you are unable to attend due to government restrictions or if you have symptoms of Covid 19 please email contactus@gsc.org.uk to amend or cancel your booking. We would really appreciate if you can let us know as far in advance as possible so we can release tickets to others. Any bookings that are unused and not cancelled, for the reasons above, by email in advance of arrival time will not be refunded.
If you purchase Science Passport Entry you require to have a valid Science Passport or you will be charged full admission
If you purchase Corporate Ticket Entry you require to have a valid Corporate Ticket(s) and redeem the ticket(s) on arrival or you will be charged full admission
Carer ticket holders require proof of carer status on arrival or you will be charged full admission
Due to current safety measures not all of our experiences are available, The Planetarium, Science Show Theatre, some exhibits and the Big Explorer area are all closed.
(28.9.1830)
TASTE CAFE BOOOKINGS
Table bookings are not valid without pre-booking food
We are you to return you table within 40 minutes
Face masks must be worn until seated in the café
MEMBERSHIPS - SCIENCE PASSPORT - COVID 19 - APPLIES TO PURCHASES 29/9/20 ONWARDS
If you have purchased a Science Passport membership you are entitled to cancel it within 14 days of purchase. You will however be charged normal admission rate for any use of the centre within the time that the membership has been valid. Cancellation must be made by emailing call.centre@glasgowsciencecentre.org. After 14 days Science Passports are non refundable and non transferable.
Science Passports can be used by the named passport holder(s) only and are not valid until the passport holder’s photograph has been added to their membership account. This will be done in the centre the first time the membership is used  or you will be contacted to provide pictures.
Science Passports entitle the holder to free admission to the Science Mall at GSC during advertised standard operating hours. Passport use may be restricted on particular days. Science Passport holders are not entitled to free entry or discounts on entry to special events. Current standard hours are 1000 - 1700 weekends and holidays only. Pre-booking is required and limited tickets are available each day.
Science Passports are sold subject to Glasgow Science Centre’s right to alter or vary the programme due to events or circumstances beyond its reasonable control without being obliged to refund monies. Currently we have restrictions on exhibit availability and the Big Explorer Gallery and Science Show Theatre are closed.
GIFT VOUCHERS
Gift vouchers are valid until 31/3/2022.
Gift vouchers for day tickets offer admission to the Science Mall at GSC during advertised standard operating hours. Vouchers cannot be used for entry to special events. Current standard hours are 1000 - 1700 weekends and holidays only. Pre-booking is required and limited tickets are available each day.
Gift Vouchers for Science passports can be converted into a Science Passport any time before 31/3/2022. The purchased passport is subject to Passport terms and conditions at time of Gift Voucher redemption not purchase. Science Passports can be used by the named passport holder(s) only and are not valid until the passport holder’s photograph has been added to their membership account. Science Passports entitle the holder to free admission to the Science Mall at GSC during advertised standard operating hours. Passport use may be restricted on particular days. Science Passport holders are not entitled to free entry or discounts on entry to special events. Current standard hours are 1000 - 1700 weekends and holidays only. Pre-booking is required and limited tickets are available each day.
Monetary Value gift vouchers can be used for the purchase of Day Tickets, Science Passports, Special event tickets, Meals in our café and in our shop. They cannot be used as part payment for Corporate events or at licenced events for the purchase of alcohol.  They cannot be used in any form at events where Glasgow Science Centre is the venue but not the host.
All vouchers are sold subject to Glasgow Science Centre’s right to alter or vary the programme due to events or circumstances beyond its reasonable control without being obliged to refund monies.
EVENT
CONTRACT
Any purchase of an item from us is subject to (i) these terms and conditions; (ii) any special terms and conditions which may be displayed on our website; and (iii) Glasgow Science Centre’s right to refuse admission.
Your contract for purchase of a ticket starts once we have confirmed your purchase and ends immediately after the completion of the event for which you have purchased tickets. All purchases are subject to payment card verification and other security checks and your transaction may be cancelled if it has not passed our verification process.
We reserve the right to cancel bookings which we reasonably suspect to have been made fraudulently.
PRICES AND FEES
Purchases from us may be subject to a per-item service charge and a non-refundable per-order delivery fee.
CANCELLATIONS
If you have purchased a ticket you are not entitled to cancel your purchase. Tickets are non refundable and non transferable.
If you have purchased a Science Passport membership you are entitled to cancel it within 14 days of purchase. You will however be charged normal admission rate for any use of the centre within the time that the membership has been valid.
DELIVERY
Tickets should be emailed to you within 3 hours to the email you have provided when booking. If you have not received your tickets within 24 hours of booking please contact us at bookings@glasgowsciencecentre.org or by calling 0141 420 5000.
If you have ordered tickets which are being sent by post, all postal tickets are sent recorded delivery. If you have any concerns that your tickets have not arrived please contact us at bookings@glasgowsciencecentre.org
TICKETS
Any ticket you purchase from us remains the property of Glasgow Science Centre and is a personal revocable license which may be withdrawn and admission refused at any time.
Glasgow Science Centre reserves the right to not issue replacement tickets for any lost, stolen, damaged or destroyed tickets.
When you receive your tickets, please keep them in a safe place. We will not be responsible for any tickets that are lost or stolen.
It is your responsibility to check your tickets. Please contact us on 0141 420 5000 if there are any errors you wish to discuss.
Tickets sold are subject to restrictions on entry. Any ticket holders under the age of 16 must be accompanied by an adult over the age of 18.
There are occasions on which our opening hours may vary. These will be displayed on our website and social media channels as soon as operationally possible. It is your responsibility to ensure that you read all notifications displayed on our website relevant to the date of your visit.
MEMBERSHIPS - SCIENCE PASSPORT
If you have purchased a Science Passport membership you are entitled to cancel it within 14 days of purchase. You will however be charged normal admission rate for any use of the centre within the time that the membership has been valid. Cancellation must be made by emailing call.centre@glasgowsciencecentre.org. After 14 days Science Passports are non refundable and non transferable.
Science Passports can be used by the named passport holder(s) only and are not valid until the passport holder’s photograph has been added to their membership account. This will be done in the centre the first time the membership is used, and cards will then be issued for future entry.
Science Passports entitle the holder to free admission to the Science Mall at GSC during advertised standard operating hours. Passport use may be restricted on particular days. Science Passport holders are not entitled to free entry or discounts on entry to special events.
Science Passports are sold subject to Glasgow Science Centre’s right to alter or vary the programme due to events or circumstances beyond its reasonable control without being obliged to refund monies.
EVENT
You will be notified by email if an event has been cancelled or entry times change. It is your responsibility to check emails for this information.
Please note that advertised start times of events are subject to change.
Tickets are sold subject to Glasgow Science Centre’s right to alter or vary the programme due to events or circumstances beyond its reasonable control without being obliged to refund monies.
REFUNDS
Cancellation: If an event is cancelled (and not rescheduled), you will be offered a refund of the sale price of your ticket(s).
Rescheduling: If an event is rescheduled, you will be offered tickets at any rescheduled event of a value corresponding with your original tickets. If you are unable to attend the rescheduled event, you will be offered a refund of the sale price of your ticket(s). You must inform us within the deadline set in communication about rescheduling.
To claim your refund, please call 0141 420 5000. Calls are charged at standard rate.
Personal arrangements including travel, accommodation or hospitality relating to the event which have been arranged by you are at your own risk. Glasgow Science Centre shall not be liable to you for any loss of enjoyment or wasted expenditure.
ADMISSION AND ATTENDANCE
Glasgow Science Centre reserves the right to refuse admission should patrons breach any terms and conditions or behave in a manor that is disruptive to other attendees. You may be subject to security searches prior to or during the event and may be asked, at a Duty Mangers discretion, to leave if you appear to be under the influence.
Every effort to admit latecomers will be made but admission cannot always be guaranteed.
Special effects which may include, without limitation, sound, audio visual, pyrotechnic effects or lighting effects may be featured at an event.
QUERIES AND COMPLAINTS
If you have any queries or complaints regarding your purchase, contact us, quoting your booking reference number.
What's on today?
Explore what we have got showing today, and in the future.
See what's on
Top
Stay updated
Be the first to know of special events, upcoming experiences and special offers at GSC by signing up to our infrequent, engaging newsletter.
Stay updated
x
Join our mailing list
* indicates required
Email Address
*
First Name
*
Last Name
*
I'D LIKE TO SUBSCRIBE TO...
Science Messenger - The A to Z of GSC goings on
Planetarium - Planetarium specific events and news
Corporate Events - Industry events news and offers from our events team
Education - Updates and events for teachers
Stakeholder - News from GSC's Chief Executive
Passport Holder - Our membership newsletter
Our World Our Impact - Your ticket to COP26 with events and news
Marketing Permissions
Please select all the ways you would like to hear from Glasgow Science Centre:
Email Direct Mail Telephone
You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the link in the footer of our emails. For information about our privacy practices, please visit our website.
We use Mailchimp as our marketing platform. By clicking below to subscribe, you acknowledge that your information will be transferred to Mailchimp for processing. Learn more about Mailchimp's privacy practices here.
Come here often?
Get a Science Passport and visit us endless times for free!
•    Unlimited FREE entry
•    You get to jump the queue!
•    10% off birthday parties
•    Discounted parking for £1 when visiting GSC
•    All for around 50p per week!
Grab your passport
x
What is Gift Aid?
If you are a UK taxpayer, Gift Aid allows you to significantly increase the value of your donation to us, allowing us to deliver our mission and make science accessible to all.
For every £1 you donate, we can claim an additional 25p from the taxman.
Find out more about Gift Aid
x
Your donations make a real difference
Glasgow Science Centre is an independent Scottish Charity.
We are on a mission to inspire people of all ages to explore and understand the world around them, to discover and enjoy science and to see the relevance it has in their everyday lives.
Your donation will:
Provide fun and informative outreach programmes for school children
Support community work in our local area and around Scotland
Develop our accessibility offer here at GSC
I'd like to donate
No Thanks
We use cookies on this site to improve your user experience and to help improve our website. By browsing this site you are agreeing to this. For more information and how to adjust settings see our Cookie Policy. X
Search