http://www.urbanzoom.com/legal/privacy-policy
Sell Your Home Now! Click Here!Privacy PolicyDots Connected Pte. Ltd. (“UrbanZoom”) takes your privacy very seriously. We ask that you read this privacy policy (the “Policy”) carefully as it contains important information about what to expect when UrbanZoom collects personal information about you and how UrbanZoom will use your personal data.This Policy applies to information we collect about:visitors to our website (the “Site”); andpeople who register their emails with us.Information Collected From All Visitors To Our WebsiteWe will obtain personal data about you when you visit us. When you visit us, we may monitor the use of this Site through the use of cookies and similar tracking devices. For example, we may monitor the number of times you visit our Site or which pages you go to. This information helps us to build a profile of our users. Some of this data will be aggregated or statistical, which means that we will not be able to identify you individually. Please see further the section on “Our Use of Cookies” below.Information Collected From Users Who Register Their Emails With UsWhen you register your emails with us, we may send you newsletters, contact you about products and services we think may be of interest to you, etc.If you agree to us providing you with these information, you can always opt out at a later date.By submitting your email you consent to the use of that email as set out in this policy.Our Use Of CookiesCookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behaviour information. The information is used to track visitor use of the Site and to compile statistical reports on Site activity. For further information about cookies visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org. You can set your browser not to accept cookies and the above websites tell you how to remove cookies from your browser. However, in a few cases some of our Site features may not function if you remove cookies from your browser.How We Protect Your InformationWe are committed to maintaining the security of personal information. We have put in place appropriate security procedures and technical and organisational measures to safeguard your personal information such as the use of passwords.We will use all reasonable efforts to safeguard your personal information. However, you should be aware that the use of the Internet is not entirely secure and for this reason we cannot guarantee the security or integrity of any personal information which is transferred from you or to you via the internet.Access To Your Information And Updating And Correcting Your INFORMATIONSubject to the exceptions referred to in section 21(2) of the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (No. 26 of 2012) of Singapore (“PDPA”), you have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. If you would like a copy of some or all of your personal information, please send an email to admin@urbanzoom.com.We may make a small charge for this service.We want to ensure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. If any of the information that you have provided to UrbanZoom changes, for example if you change your email address, name or payment details, or if you wish to cancel your registration, please let us know the correct details by sending an email to admin@urbanzoom.com. You may ask us, or we may ask you, to correct information you or we think is inaccurate, and you may also ask us to remove information which is inaccurate.Non-disclosureWe do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to third parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, as long as these parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours and others’ rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.Links To Other WebsitesOur Site may contain links to other websites. This privacy policy only applies to this website so when you link to other websites you should read their own privacy policies.Sale Of BusinessIf UrbanZoom’s business is sold or integrated with another business your details may be disclosed to our advisers and any prospective purchasers and their advisers and will be passed on to the new owners of the business.Changes To Privacy PolicyWe keep our privacy policy under regular review. If we change our privacy policy we will post the changes on this page, and place notices on other pages of the Site, so that you may be aware of the information we collect and how we use it at all times. This privacy policy was last updated on 1 August, 2018.How To Contact UrbanzoomWe welcome your views about our Site and our privacy policy. If you would like to contact us with any queries or comments please send an email to admin@urbanzoom.com.