http://www.unsigned.com/privacy
Unsigned Entertainment
Account Login
Forgot your password?
Username
Password
Home
Browse Artists
Browse Fans
About
Register Free!
About Unsigned
About UnsignedUnsigned FeaturesSpread UnsignedContact UsAdvertise with usFAQPrivacy Policy
We care about Privacy
Unsigned.com respects your privacy.
Any personal information you provide to us including and similar to your name, address, telephone number and e-mail address will not be released, sold, or rented to any entities or individuals outside of Unsigned.com.
Credit card details
Unsigned.com will never ask for Credit Card details and requests that you do not enter it on any of the forms on Unsigned.com.
External Sites
Unsigned.com is not responsible for the content of external internet sites. You are advised to read the privacy policy of external sites before disclosing any personal information.
Cookies
A "cookie" is a small data text file that is placed in your browser and allows Unsigned.com to recognize you each time you visit this site (customisation etc). Cookies themselves do not contain any personal information, and Unsigned.com does not use cookies to collect personal information. Cookies may also be used by 3rd party content providers such as newsfeeds.
Remember The Risks Whenever You Use The Internet
While we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information that you transmit to Unsigned.com and you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of any passwords or other account information. In addition other Internet sites or services that may be accessible through Unsigned.com have separate data and privacy practices independent of us, and therefore we disclaim any responsibility or liability for their policies or actions.
Please contact those vendors and others directly if you have any questions about their privacy policies.
For any other information, please contact us
Sponsored Links
Unsigned Artists by Country:
United States,
United Kingdom,
Canada,
View All
Unsigned Artists by State:
California,
New York,
Texas,
View All
Unsigned Artists  |  About Us  |  FAQs  |  Contact Us  |  Privacy Policy  |  Advertise with us    © 2006-2011, FirstBeatMedia.com
Other FBM Services:
CPA
SSBBW Dating
Local Singles
Motorcycle Dating
Sugar Daddy Dating
Dog Boarding Facilities
Rich Dating
Goth Dating
Vegetarian Dating
MyDiet