http://www.musicaangelica.org/about/privacy-policy/
Home » About » Privacy Policy and Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy and Terms Of Use
Musica Angelica Statement of Privacy
Musica Angelica is committed to protecting your privacy. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Musica Angelica Web site and governs data collection and usage at all Musica Angelica sites and services; it does not apply to other online or offline sites, products or services. Please read the Musica Angelica Statement of Privacy. Musica Angelica is a general audience web site, intended for users of all ages. Personal information of all users is collected, used and disclosed as described in this Statement of Privacy.
Collection of your Personal Information
As an E-commerce Web site, Musica Angelica collects personal information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Information collected by Musica Angelica is used solely for the purpose of billing and shipping your online purchases. Musica Angelica does not collect any information about your computer hardware and software.
Musica Angelica encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from Musica Angelica so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. We are not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Musica Angelica Web site.
Use of your Personal Information
Musica Angelica and its operational service partners collect and use your personal information to process product orders and deliver the products requested. It is possible that Musica Angelica may also use personal information to inform you of other products or services available from Musica Angelica and its affiliates. Musica Angelica may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Musica Angelica does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Musica Angelica may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your personal information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party.
We occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, such as handling the processing and delivery of mailings, providing customer support, processing transactions, or performing statistical analysis of our services. We will only provide those companies the personal information they need to deliver the service. They are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information and are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose.
Musica Angelica does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Musica Angelica may access and/or disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Musica Angelica or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Musica Angelica, including its Web site; or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Musica Angelica or the public.
Personal information collected on this site may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which Musica Angelica or its affiliates, subsidiaries or agents maintain facilities, and by using this site, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country. Musica Angelica abides by the safe harbor framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of data from the European Union.
Control of your Personal Information
Musica Angelica offers its customers choices for the collection, use and sharing of personal information. You may go notify us of your preferences by emailing [contact@ COMPANY NAME.com]. Please be sure to provide complete account information so we can identify you in our records.
You may also stop the delivery of future promotional e-mail from Musica Angelica by responding directly to any email you receive with a request to remove you from the mailing list.
Security of your Personal Information
Musica Angelica is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For example, we store the personal information you provide on computer systems with limited access that are located in controlled facilities. When we transmit highly confidential information (such as a credit card number) over the Internet, we use a secure payment gateway so your information is protected.
Changes to this Statement
Musica Angelica will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. If there are material changes to this Statement or in how Musica Angelica will use your personal information, Musica Angelica will prominently post such changes prior to implementing the change. Musica Angelica encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Musica Angelica is protecting your information.
************************************************************************************
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE
Use of the Musica Angelica website constitutes agreement to our terms of use. We encourage you to review the following information carefully.
TRADEMARKS
Musica Angelica and other marks indicated on our site are trademarks owned exclusively by Musica Angelica. The use of these trademarks and trade dress is prohibited if used in connection with the sale of any product that is not Musica Angelica's, in any manner that seeks to disparages or discredit Musica Angelica or in any manner that may cause confusion among our customers.
COPYRIGHT
All content on this website is the exclusive property of Musica Angelica. Said content includes text, graphics, logos, icons, images, audio and video clips, digital downloads, and software. Our content is protected by United States and international copyright laws and we reserve all rights contained therein. In case of dispute or infringement, we will rigorously defend our rights to this material.
PROTECTING YOUR ACCOUNT
Some portions of this website permit username and passwords to be used. You are responsible for protecting your unique username and password and you agree to be responsible for all activities performed under your user account.
LICENSE AND SITE ACCESS
Musica Angelica grants you (the user) a limited license to access and make personal use of this website. This license does not include the right to download any material (other than routine page caching), modify any material, or any portion thereof, without the express written consent of Musica Angelica. This license excludes the download or collection of logos, product descriptions, pricing, text, graphics, audio and video clips, and/or copying account information. This website or any portion of this website may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without express written permission of Musica Angelica. You are prohibited from using meta tags or any other hidden text utilizing Musica Angelica's name or trademarks without the express written consent of Musica Angelica. Any unauthorized use of this websites voids the limited license granted by Musica Angelica.
CONTENT SUBMITTED BY SITE USERS
If you do post content to this site or otherwise submit material (including, but not limited to, photographs and testimonials), you grant Musica Angelica and its affiliates a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such content throughout the world in any media. By your submission you represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the content that you post; that the content is accurate; that use of the content you supply does not violate this policy and will not cause injury to any person or entity; and that you will indemnify Musica Angelica or its affiliates for all claims resulting from content you supply. Musica Angelica reserves the right to remove any content at our sole discretion.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
This site is provided by Musica Angelica on an "as is" and "as available" basis. Musica Angelica makes no warranties, either expressed or implied, as to the operation of the site or the content contained therein. You expressly agree that your use of www.[YOUR URL].com is at your own risk.
Musica Angelica cannot warrant that this site, our servers, or email communications affiliated with the use of this website, are free from viruses. Musica Angelica will not be responsible for any damages of any kind resulting from use of this website, including but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, and consequential damages.
REDEMPTION OF FREE PRODUCT AND COUPON OFFERS
From time to time, Musica Angelica offers its clients special offers and discount codes to be used in conjunction with this website. These offers are frequently disseminated via this website and through email to those who have registered for our email database. They are sometimes posted on our home page (www.[YOUR URL].com) or announced via other means of communication in conjunction with the promotion of the Musica Angelica product collection, including radio and TV broadcasts, internet forums and various online websites.
We encourage our clients to redeem these special offers, but we respectfully ask that you not exploit them. Musica Angelica, at our sole discretion, will determine if all purchasing criteria has been met to qualify for stated discount or free product. If you successfully circumvent the software safeguards of this website in order to receive several free products with your order, then we will (at our sole discretion) remove any extraneous free product from your order or cancel the order in its entirety. You will be informed of any order changes via the phone number or email address listed with your order. Please, play fair…
Musica Angelica