http://www.jugglingworld.biz/privacy-policy/
About Steve
Contact Steve
Newsletters
Testimonials
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY for Steve the Juggler
CONTENTS
Introduction
What is Steve the Juggler?
Explaining the legal bases I rely on
When do I collect your personal data?
What sort of personal data do I collect?
How and why do I use your personal data?
How I protect your personal data
How long will I keep your personal data?
Who do I share your personal data with?
Where your personal data may be processed
What are your rights over your personal data?
How can you stop the use of your personal data for direct marketing?
Contacting the Regulator
If you live outside the UK
Any questions?
Introduction
This Privacy Notice explains in detail the types of personal data I may collect about you when you interact with me. It also explains how I’ll store and handle that data, and keep it safe.
What is “Steve the Juggler”?
I am a Sole Trader who is a Professional Entertainer (Juggling / Circus Skills / Comedy / Magic). I also run Circus Skills Workshops and entertain throughout the United Kingdom. My website (where you are reading this Privacy Policy) will give you a good idea of who I am and what services I can offer to yourself. I am not a limited company.
Explaining the legal bases I rely on
The law on data protection, based on the General Data Protection Regulation and formerly the Data Protection Act, sets out a number of different reasons for which a company may collect and process your personal data, including:
Consent
In specific situations, I can collect and process your data with your consent. This may be when you have enquired about my services perhaps through the contact form on my website, or sent an e-mail enquiry or phoned to ask about my services.
Contractual obligations
In certain circumstances, I need your personal data to comply with my contractual obligations. If you have booked me to provide a performance or entertainment services then I will need your contact details for example!
Legitimate interest
In specific situations, I require your data to pursue my legitimate interests in a way which might reasonably be expected as part of running my business and which does not materially impact your rights, freedom or interests. For example if I have worked for you before I may use your contact details to send you further information about my juggling services which I think might be of interest to you, or to simply from time to time for me to send an e-mail asking that you keep me in mind for when you are planning your next events. You will always have the option of letting me know that you no longer wish me to contact you using a certain method (or any method), and I will remove your contact information from my database.
When do I collect personal data?
When you visit my website  – www.jugglingworld.biz
When you make a booking
When you engage with me through social media
When you contact me by any means to make enquiries
When you comment on or review my products and services
What sort of personal data do I collect?
For a booking or enquiry: your name and address and the name of other guests at the event as necessary (for example a birthday child and their age and gender), event address and on site contact name, email, telephone and mobile numbers.
Details of your interactions with me such as with my website, email and social media.
Copies of documents you provide me or signed contracts
Payment information. (eg method of payment, what my fee is/was)/
Your comments and reviews.
Your social media username, if you interact with me through those channels, to help me respond to your comments, questions or feedback.
How and why do I use your personal data?
If you wish to change how I use your data, you’ll find details in the ‘What are my rights?’ section below.
Remember, if you choose not to share your personal data with me, or refuse certain contact permissions, I might not be able to provide some services you’ve asked for.
Here’s how I’ll use your personal data and why:
To perform any contract I’ve agreed with you. If I don’t collect your personal data during this process, I won’t be able to provide the required services and comply with my legal obligations.
To respond to your queries or complaints. Handling the information you sent enables me to respond. I may also keep a record of these to inform any future communication with me and to demonstrate how I communicated with you throughout. I do this on the basis of our contractual obligations to you, our legal obligations and our legitimate interests in providing you with the best service and understanding how I can improve our service based on your experience.
To protect my business from fraud and other illegal activities. I’ll do all of this as part of my legitimate interest.
With your consent, I will use your personal data to keep you informed by email, web, text, telephone about relevant products and services including tailored special offers, discounts, promotions, events, competitions and so on.
Of course, you are free to opt out of hearing from me by any of these channels at any time.
How I protect your personal data
I know how much data security matters to all my clients. With this in mind I will treat your data with the utmost care and take all appropriate steps to protect it. My computers and mobile devices are all password protected.
I regularly monitor my systems for possible vulnerabilities and constantly review my security.
How long will I keep your personal data?
I have a database record of every booking (venue name, address, contact details of Client who hired me etc) I have undertaken in my life as a Professional Juggler (since July 2001). This database is a useful record of my life as a Professional Entertainer,  as well as giving me a chance to contact a previous client infrequently to ask to be kept in mind for future events. You have a right to ask for me to remove your contact details from the database at any time.
Her Majesty’s Revenue and Customs (HMRC) requires us to keep records of contracts, payments and invoices for 7 years. I will therefore normally hold information of any contracts for this long.
Who do I share your personal data with?
No-one!  I am a self-employed entertainer. If you hire me, it is either done through an agent who you will have dealt with (who will then pass your details on to me), or it is myself that requires such information. It is not in my interest to pass on your contact details to any other party.
Where your personal data may be processed
Unless I inform you otherwise your data will not be processed outside the UK.
What are your rights over personal data?
An overview of your rights
You have the right to request:
Access to the personal data I hold about you, free of charge in most cases.
• The correction of your personal data when incorrect, out of date or incomplete.
• The right to deletion, for example when you withdraw consent, or object and I have no legitimate overriding interest, or once the purpose for which I hold the data has come to an end (such as the end of a warranty).
• That I stop using your personal data for direct marketing (either through specific channels, or all channels).
• That I stop any consent-based processing of your personal data after you withdraw that consent.
You have the right to request a copy of any information about you that I hold at any time, and also to have that information corrected if it is inaccurate. To ask for your information, please contact me by e-mail (preferred option so I have written confirmation) to  steve@jugglingworld.biz  – if this is not possible, then please phone me on 07792 012395.
If I decide not to action your request I will explain to you the reasons for our refusal.
Your right to withdraw consent
Whenever you have given me your consent to use your personal data, you have the right to change your mind at any time and withdraw that consent.
Where I rely on my legitimate interest
In cases where I am processing your personal data on the basis of my legitimate interest, you can ask me to stop for reasons connected to your individual situation. I must then do so unless I believe I have a legitimate overriding reason to continue processing your personal data.
Direct marketing
You have the right to stop the use of your personal data for direct marketing activity through all channels, or selected channels. I must always comply with your request.
How can you stop the use of your data for direct marketing
You can stop direct marketing communications from me by contacting me by telephone (07792 012395), email (steve@jugglingworld.biz), post or via social media.  E-mail is the preferred method so that I have a written record of your request.
Contacting the Regulator
If you feel that your data has not been handled correctly, or you are unhappy with my response to any requests you have made to me regarding the use of your personal data, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO).
You can contact them by calling 0303 123 1113. Or go online to www.ico.org.uk/concerns
If you are based outside the UK, you have the right to lodge your complaint with the relevant data protection regulator in your country of residence. Details can be found in Section 16.
If you live outside the UK
I currently do not offer my Juggling Services to anyone outside the United Kingdom, but the following paragraph would come into force if this situation should ever change:
By using my services or providing your personal data to me, you expressly consent to the processing of your personal data by me. Of course, you still have the right to ask us not to process your data in certain ways, and if you do so, I will respect your wishes. Sometimes I’ll need to transfer your personal data between countries to enable us to supply the goods or services you’ve requested. In the ordinary course of business, I may transfer your personal data from your country of residence to ourselves and to third parties located in the UK. By dealing with us, you are giving your consent to this overseas use, transfer and disclosure of your personal data outside your country of residence for our ordinary business purposes. This may occur because our information technology storage facilities and servers are located outside your country of residence, and could include storage of your personal data on servers in the UK. I’ll ensure that reasonable steps are taken to prevent third parties outside your country of residence using your personal data in any way that’s not set out in this Privacy Notice. I’ll also make sure I adequately protect the confidentiality and privacy of your personal data.
Any Questions?
I hope this Privacy Notice has been helpful in setting out the way I handle your personal data and your rights to control it.
If you have any questions that haven’t been covered, please contact me on 07792 012395 or by e-mail: steve@jugglingworld.biz
This notice was last updated – May 2018
The home of Steve the Juggler
(also known as Stevie Vegas)
e-mail: steve@jugglingworld.biz
phone: 07792 012395
landline: 01933 356364
FOLLOW ME
Search The Site
Follow me on Twitter and FacebookSteveFunnyTweets
Steve the Juggler aka Stevie VegasSteve the Juggler aka Stevie Vegas3 days agoAn actual real-life Outdoor Walkabout gig today (my first since August!) Thank you Kettering Council. I'll be back on the next 2 x Saturdays and look forward to keeping people happy as they do their Christmas shopping!+4
1    View on FacebookSteve the Juggler aka Stevie Vegas5 days agoAs I prepare for my first Walkabout gig (since August) this weekend, I look back on my own advice from this video... Enjoy!How to Warm up the Crowds on a Winters DayStevie Vegas reads from his new book "How to Warm up the Crowds on a Winters Day"! This Fire Magic Comedy Routine features appearances by his 3 Cats (see if ...youtube.com
View on FacebookSteve the Juggler aka Stevie Vegas3 weeks agoIf you could pop over to my "A Joke Every Day from Stevie Vegas" page and consider following me, but also voting for my best 5 jokes out of the 50 I have written out, then it would be much appreciated... (see message below). Thankyou!A Joke Every Day from Stevie VegasFACEBOOK FRIENDS! I need your help once again in deciding my best 5 jokes written this year, so I can put them on my Application form for UK PUN CHAMPIONSHIPS 2021!
I have narrowed it down to 50 (in no particular order), which each have a number beside them. If you can comment your favourite 5 (along with any other kind words and encouragement), it would be much appreciated! We have chosen correctly 2 years in a row (for me to reach the Finals in February's 2019 & 2020, so let's do it again!)
This is also a post that you could maybe share with friends to encourage them to follow my FB Joke Every Day page also please?!
TOP 50 JOKES
1. I only operate one fleet of Ships that I can tell jokes about. I’m a One-Liner Merchant.
2. Just as I was leaving the biggest Theme Park in the UK, I could hear various people saying “Goodnight John Boy, Goodnight Mary-Ellen…” It was Walton Towers.
3. The local Fire Brigade have just bought a 360 degree camera. Thankfully they also have fireproof gloves so they can use it.
4. Making an animation that shows Buzz bringing back the Poll Tax, and Woody taking away everyone’s Benefits. It’s called Toys Tory.
5. I’ve only just begun to process all the Supasnaps photos from my Childhood. I guess you could say I’m a late developer.
6. When I went to the Capital of Hawaii, I sang “we-e-e-e-e-e-llll, you know you make me want to Shout”. It was to Honour Lulu.
7. Went to Central England for a very quick and furtive look around. It was the Peek District.
8. The first monkey in space was allowed to take his favourite chocolate covered peanut snack with him. It was a Reese’s monkey
9. If you would like to dance, but can’t kick your legs above your head, then join me now in doing the Can’t Can’t.
10. My Dentist was very impressed with his work today. He said it was his crowning glory and was very full filling.
11. You want me to bake a dessert in the shape of a famous Italian landmark? No worries, it’ll be a Pisa cake.
12. In order to keep communications going during lockdown, I have been hiding in my garden whilst talking to my very chatty neighbours. Sometimes it is hard to get a word in hedgeways.
13. Trying to get a mortgage for a house that used to be haunted. Apparently if I don't keep up repayments, it can be reposessed.
14. Feeling very optimistic about my attempt to steal every Charles Dicken book from my local library. In fact, I already have great expectations.
15. If I can’t think of a joke about Germany always beating England at football, will there be any sort of penalty?
16. Bought 2 bookshelves last week. One was already made up. I think I will put the fiction books on it.
17. First person to arrive at the Autopsy Lab, gets to open the Male.
18. My TV kept playing up while I was trying to watch the IT Crowd. I had to turn it off and on again.
19. Visited a place in Wales which is full of damaged Lighthouses. The Breakin’ Beacons.
20. I wasn’t particularly pleased with most of China’s tourist destinations, but I will at least admit they do have a Great Wall.
21. I'm against Picketing, but I won't take a fence if you aren't.
22. Every morning, I get up and shove a Pig through a bacon slicer. It always seems to be Ground Hog Day.
23. Made a load of published fairy-tale books into a desk. It’s an Aesop’s Table.
24. Learning Basic Semaphore today. Beginning to flag, but thankfully my energy levels are really high.
25. Ant Man’s natural ally is Dec Man. They particularly enjoy scavenging through Saturday Night Takeaway’s.
26. If you ever want to paint a monkey, you should do some preparation and primate first.
27. Need to visit the Opticians as my Boss said that I require Super Vision.
28. I have been asked to go on tour with The Beautiful South, but I told them “I need a little time, to think it over”.
29. I’ve just opened a range of bronzing salons in an African Country. “Tans in ‘ere?” No, it was Morocco.
30. My knowledge of sand sculptures is a bit grainy.
31. Instruction on Hand-Dryer says "Shake Hands First". Other bloke in the Gents toilets didn't seem as keen, especially as my hands were wet.
32. Fournth, Finth, Sixfh. Don’t worry, I’m just here to make up the numbers.
33. My favourite Everton player to have a hot drink with? Dominic Calvert-Brewin’.
34. The Chief of the Boy Scouts likes to cook in the nude. Bare Grills.
35. When I feel like having a fight, I head to my nearest scrapyard.
36. Visited France to investigate who the Bell ringer in the Disney movie was. My last hunch was back in Notre Dame.
37. Channel 4 are repeating Cheers from the beginning.
Apparently it's going to be the new Norm.
38. I’m really good at multiplying 10 x 4. You could say it’s my forte.
39. Pastry and Apple factories without adequate barriers to prevent their workers falling in are likely to experience a large turnover of Staff.
40. To be an excellent author of Gardening books, you need good weeding and writing skills.
41. I don't care what the grains in a field have to say about any topic. I'm wheat intolerant.
42. Got into a fight with the guys from the Hamilton Musical, who were insisting that I couldn’t have any more alcohol in tiny glasses. I insisted that “I am not throwing away my shot”.
43. Where do you think I should go on holiday? Answers on a postcard please.
44. Went horse racing. They won.
45. Dreamt up a new colour, but it turned out to be a pigment of my imagination.
46. Decided to test my fire alarm yesterday, so I set fire to my house.
47. In order to remember all of Frank Skinners jokes, I write them on my clothing. I’ve got 3 lines on my shirt.
48. Wrote a load of jokes about being used as a path through which an electric current flows. Hoping to try them out on the circuit later.
49. To mark the Goalkeepers Exam as a failure, I had to put a cross in the box.
50. My knowledge of using charcoals is a bit sketchy.
#top50jokes #jokesallday
View on Facebook