http://www.atlantamusicgroup.com/terms.html
Emphasis Records • Alternative/Urban Records
Home
Artists
Discover
John
Breen
Stevie Hawkins
Eric Quincy Tate
Donnie McCormick
Wayne "Bear" Sauls
Justin Hawkins
Store
Video
Get In Touch
Music of Classic
Authenticity
Terms of Use
Atlanta Music Group
Phone: (+01) 678.561.3846
Email: contact@atlantamusicgroup.com
General
Information:
Welcome to the ATLANTA MUSIC GROUP ("AMG"), Internet website.
Our website offers general information about our company, its
products, and other information and listings of general interest.
It is accessible worldwide to anyone with Internet access.
By using our website, you are agreeing to be bound by these Terms
of Use. Users are also bound by the copyright notice and all
applicable laws and regulations. AMG reserves the right to change
these terms and conditions and change or delete information on this
site at any time.
Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability:
AMG believes the information contained in our website is reliable.
We do not, however, guarantee its accuracy or completeness, and AMG
is not responsible for any errors or omissions in the materials,
information, or hyperlinks provided on this site. AMG does not
warrant that this site and the server connected to it are free of
computer viruses or other harmful components.
The transmission of data or information (including communications
by e-mail) over the Internet or other publicly accessible networks
is not secure and is subject to possible loss, interception, or
alteration while in transit. We are not liable for any damage you
may experience or costs you may incur as a result of any
transmissions over the Internet or other publicly accessible
networks, such as transmissions involving the exchange of e-mail
with us (including those which may contain your personal
information). We take commercially reasonable efforts to safeguard
the privacy of the information you provide us and treat that
information in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
In no event, however, will the information you provide us be deemed
to be confidential, create any fiduciary obligations to you on our
part, or result in any liability to you on our part in the event
that the information is inadvertently released by us or accessed by
third parties without our consent. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary, in no event will AMG be liable for any indirect, special,
incidental, or consequential damages, whether based on contract,
tort, or any other legal theory, including, without limitation,
loss of data or its use, loss of profits, loss of business, or
other economic damages, even if advised of the possibility of such
loss or damage.
Copyright Notice - Use of Material from this
Site:
The materials displayed on this website, including, but not limited
to, all written material, photographs, illustrations, artwork and
other graphic material, and names, logos, trademarks, and service
marks, are the property of AMG or its licensors. These materials are
protected by copyright, trademark, and other intellectual property
laws and treaties. You are authorized to view, copy, and print the
documents, related graphics, and materials published by AMG on this
website subject to the following conditions:
• Use is for noncommercial, personal, or informational purposes
only;
• No documents or related graphics available from this website are
modified in any way; and
• No graphics available from this website are used separately from
accompanying text.
• Modification or use of our documents, related graphics, and
materials for any other purpose is a violation of AMG's copyright
and other proprietary rights.
• As a website user, you agree not to reproduce, retransmit,
distribute, disseminate, sell, publish, broadcast, or otherwise use
any material from this website without the express prior written
consent of AMG.
• By downloading, printing, or linking to any materials from our
website, you agree to these terms. If you do not agree to these
terms, do not use our website or download or print any materials
from it.
Trademarks and Their Usage:
This website contains many of the valuable trademarks, names,
titles, logos, images, designs, copyrights, and other proprietary
materials ("Trademarks") owned and registered by AMG and
its subsidiaries. The Trademarks are used by AMG and its
subsidiaries and licensees throughout the world.
Nothing contained on the website should be construed as granting,
by implication or otherwise, any license or right to use any
Trademark displayed on the website. AMG will aggressively enforce
its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law,
should any misuse occur of our Trademark in violation of the Terms
and Conditions set forth herein.
Only AMG and its licensees may use the Trademarks in advertising,
promotional, and sales materials. You may not use AMG's Trademarks
on or in connection with websites, products, packaging, manuals,
promotional/advertising materials, or for any other purpose except
pursuant to an express written trademark license from AMG. You may
not use a EM Trademark in a disparaging manner. You may not use any
AMG Trademark in a manner that would imply AMG's affiliation with or
endorsement, sponsorship, or support of a third party product or
service without written permission. You may not manufacture, sell,
or give away merchandise items, such as T-shirts and mugs, bearing
any AMG Trademark, except pursuant to an express written trademark
license from AMG. You may not imitate the distinctive AMG packaging,
website design, logos, or typefaces. You may not use or imitate any
AMG slogans or taglines.
Ownership of Materials:
Any product, process, or technology described in this website may
be the subject of other intellectual property rights reserved by
AMG. Nothing contained in our website shall be construed as
conferring any license or right under any AMG or third party
copyright. Any rights not expressly granted in our website are
reserved.
User Conduct:
Any material, information, or other communication you transmit or
post to our website will be considered non confidential and non
proprietary. We retain the right to copy, disclose, distribute,
incorporate, and otherwise use that material, information, or other
communication for any and all commercial or noncommercial
purposes.
In addition, you agree not to upload, post, or otherwise transmit
through or to this website any content that would violate any law
or that:
• is unlawful, abusive, threatening, harmful, obscene, lewd,
offensive, defamatory, or otherwise objectionable;
• might infringe on the intellectual property rights, rights of
publicity, privacy rights, or other propriety rights of others;
or
• contains any viruses, trojan horses, time bombs, or any other
harmful programs or elements.
As a user, you further agree not to:
• disrupt, place unreasonable burdens or excessive loads on,
interfere with, or attempt to gain unauthorized access to any
portion of our website, its computer systems, servers, or
networks;
• provide false information about yourself to us, impersonate any
other person, or otherwise attempt to mislead others about your
identity or the origin of any content, message, or other
communication;
• transmit junk mail, spam, chain letters, or other unsolicited
bulk e?mail or duplicative messages;
• collect information about other visitors to our website without
their consent or otherwise systematically extract data or data
fields, including, without limitation, any financial data or e-mail
addresses;
• sell access to or for the use of this website, including any
content contained on, downloaded from, or accessed from this
website; or
• redistribute any content, including financial data, provided by
us in any manner whatsoever, including by means of printed
publication, fax broadcast, web pages, e-mail, web newsgroups or
forums, or any other electronic or paper-based service or
method.
Please do not send us any unsolicited ideas, including ideas for
new advertising campaigns, promotions, products or technologies,
product names, creative artwork, and samples. We will neither
accept nor consider anything of this nature. The sole purpose of
this policy is to avoid potential misunderstandings or disputes
when our products or marketing strategies might seem similar to
ideas submitted to us. If, despite our request, you still send us
your materials and/or ideas, you are advised that AMG considers all
unsolicited ideas and materials to be non confidential and non
proprietary.
Links:
Some of the pages on our website may contain links to other
resources on the Internet. We provide those links for your
convenience. AMG does not maintain or control the websites or
materials accessed in this manner, and the links do not imply that
AMG sponsors or is affiliated or associated with the owners or
publishers of those resources. Your use of these links is at your
own risk. Once you link to another site, you are subject to the
policies of the new website.
• If you choose to link to our website, you accept and acknowledge
the following terms of linking:
• Nothing will be done, or caused to be done, that will in any way
impair AMG's image or reputation.
• In connection with the use of our trade name or reference, the
linker will not, in any manner, represent that it is endorsed by us
or that the linker is acting in a representative capacity of
AMG.
• Linker will not utilize AMG's name nor its relationship with AMG in
any manner which intentionally gives rise to advertising or
publicity without the express prior written consent of AMG.
• We reserve the right to rescind this consent, with or without
cause, at any time. In such event, Linker agrees to remove its link
to our website within 24 hours of receipt of notice from us.
Jurisdiction:
This site is managed by ATLANTA MUSIC GROUP, from its office within
the state of Georgia, United States of America. This agreement
shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of
the state of Georgia, without giving effect to any principles of
conflicts of law. Your use of this site represents your irrevocable
consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of Georgia.
Questions or Comments:
Questions or comments regarding our website or any information
contained in our website should be sent via e-mail.
Company Pages
Home
Artists
Store
Video
Contact
Artist Pages
John Breen
Stevie Hawkins
Eric Quincy Tate
Donnie McCormick
Wayne "Bear" Sauls
Justin Hawkins
Policies
Privacy
Website Terms of Use
PayPal Acceptable Use Policy
© 1986-2021 Atlanta Music Group   •  All
rights are reserved
Website Designed &
Fueled by ShhhMedia