https://www.mnphil.org/tickets/terms-and-conditions/
Skip to content
Home / Tickets / Terms and Conditions
This Site is ruled by the terms and conditions set out below.
They will be binding for you, so read them carefully and if you don’t agree please exit the Site.
By visiting this Site you unconditionally consent to the following terms and conditions, including the privacy policy section.
You are aware that The Minnesota Philharmonic Orchestra may modify, at its sole discretion, at any time and without previous notice, said terms and conditions so we ask you to visit again this webpage to check updates.
This Site is for entertainment, promotional and advertising purposes and you can use it only for private, personal and not commercial use.
No warranties
We advise you that this Site may display mistakes or incorrect information and may be modified or updated by The Minnesota Philharmonic Orchestra at its sole discretion, at any time and without previous notice.
As well please remember that any information circulating over the internet cannot be considered 100% secure and this Site may not work or it may contain viruses or damaging elements.
No liabilities
The Minnesota Philharmonic Orchestra , its employees, board, and members make no representations and warranties of any kind, express or implied, with respect to this Site or any of its information, elements, software and material in general and expressly disclaim any responsibility in relation thereto.
They cannot be considered liable and responsible for any and all damages, of any kind, direct or indirect, arising out of or in connection with the use of this Site or with material contained in this Site
By using the information or any element or material contained in this Site you solely remain liable and responsible for any and all possible losses, costs, expenses and damages, direct or indirect, of any kind and entity, arising from or related to the utilization of this Site.
Materials sent to us
All of your personal data (first name, last name, e-mail address, etc.) provided to the The Minnesota Philharmonic Orchestra will be processed in compliance with our privacy policy (please read also the Privacy statement).
Cookies
Cookies may be used by The Minnesota Philharmonic Orchestra to improve the user experience in navigating the site, and to give us information about general usage of the site.
By using cookies, The Minnesota Philharmonic Orchestra does not collect any personal data.
Applicable law and disputes
By using this Site you fully agree to the jurisdiction of United States laws and that any dispute arising out of your use of this Site shall be resolved exclusively by the competent United States Superior Courts.
Support the MPO Today!
Concerts
7:00 pm – 8:00 pm, December 19, 2020 – Variations at
7:00 pm – 8:00 pm, January 23, 2021 – Eric Ewazen at
7:00 pm – 8:00 pm, March 27, 2021 – Invocations at