http://www.stamfordshakespeare.co.uk/ssc-privacy-policy
Due to Covid-19 the 2020 Season was postponed until next summer.
Lost revenue of over £240,000 means we are now fundraising to Save Your Theatre.
Please follow the link below for more information.
SAVE YOUR THEATRE
General Information
Costume Hire
Friends of Stamford Shakespeare Company
Join Us
Mailing list
Shakespeare Season
History
Weather
Testimonials
Tolethorpe Youth Drama
SSC Privacy Policy
Safeguarding Policy for Child Protection
2020 season
Love’s Labour’s Lost
Romeo and Juliet
The Importance of Being Earnest
Lord of the Flies
2021 season
2021 season productions
2021 season performance dates
How to book
Booking Information
Times & Prices
Food & Drink
Restaurant
Picnics
Bar & Shop
Tolethorpe Hall
Tolethorpe History
Landscaped Grounds
Google Street View
Artwork
Your Visit
Planning your journey
Parking
Disabled access
Local accommodation
Local attractions
Tolethorpe Youth Drama
SSC Privacy Policy
This privacy statement is effective as of May 25, 2018. Please note that this privacy statement will regularly be updated to reflect any changes in the way we handle your personal data or any changes in applicable laws.
We encourage you to review our privacy policy whenever you visit our website to make sure that you understand how your information will be used.
Thank you for visiting the Stamford Shakespeare Company website (“the website” or “site”). This online privacy policy explains how Stamford Shakespeare Company (“SSC”; “we”; “us”; “our”; “organisation”; “company”) protects your personal data, what your rights are in relation to your personal data, and how we will collect and use information from our website so that you can make informed decisions about using this site. You will also find additional information on this page about how website data, marketing data and personal data are processed by SSC.
Registered in England and Wales, company number 1305975. Registered charity number 273859. Registered office Tolethorpe Hall, Little Casterton, Stamford, PE9 4BH.
This section (“General”) provides an overview of how we protect the privacy of users and visitors to the site. Following the General section we have provided additional, more specific detail around how this website is used to collect data. If you have any questions concerning data privacy, please see our contact information at, “Contact Us”, below.
Stamford Shakespeare Company’s data privacy practices
This section summarises Stamford Shakespeare Company’s data privacy policies.
Information We Collect
Use of Personal Data
Purposes of Processing Personal Data
Information Sharing
Sensitive Personal Data
Protecting your personal data
Your safe use of our Site
Processing of Personal Data
Retention of Personal Data
Your Rights
Privacy Questions and Concerns
Data We Collect
We collect personal data of our workers, job candidates, volunteers, suppliers, business contacts, customers, students and website users. We will always try to give individuals appropriate notice of what data will be collected and how it will be used. Whatever happens, we will only process that data if we consider it fair and lawful to do so. Except for certain information that we are required to collect by law, your decision to provide any personal data to us is voluntary. However, please note that if you do not provide certain information, we may not be able to accomplish some or all of the purposes outlined in this privacy statement. The data we collect may include information about you or your experiences with us. For example, name and contact information; relationship with us; and device data.
The personal data we process has been obtained from you or from certain third parties. Such third parties may include our affiliates, public websites and social media, suppliers and vendors.
If you provide us with personal data of another person (for instance, a potential employee/volunteer/student through a referral), you are responsible for ensuring that such person is made aware of the information contained in this privacy statement and that the person has given you his/her consent for sharing the information with SSC.
The above-mentioned categories of personal data have been obtained either directly from you (for example, when you provide information to sign up for a newsletter or register to comment on a forum website) or indirectly from certain third parties (for example, through our website’s technology). These third parties may include our affiliates, public websites and social media, suppliers and vendors.
Use and Purposes of Processing Personal Data
We use your personal data only where required for specific purposes. Below is a list of the purposes for which we use your personal data and an overview of the legal basis for each purpose.
Where the above table states that we rely on our legitimate interests for a given purpose, we believe that our legitimate interests are not overridden by your interests, rights or freedoms, given (i) the transparency we provide on the processing activity, (ii) our privacy by design approach, (iii) our regular privacy reviews and (iv) the rights you have in relation to the processing activity. Please contact us if you wish to obtain further information on this balancing test approach.
We will process your personal data for the purposes mentioned above based on your prior consent, to the extent such consent is mandatory under applicable laws.
We will not use your personal data for purposes that are incompatible with the purposes of which you have been informed, unless it is required or authorised by law, or it is in your own vital interest (e.g. in case of a medical emergency) to do so.
Information Sharing
We may transfer personal data to our service providers, professional advisers, or third parties in connection with a (potential) commercial transaction. Such outside parties may be located in other countries. Before we do so, we take steps to ensure that your personal data will be given adequate protection as required by relevant data protection laws and our internal policies. If you are located in the European Union (“E.U.”) or European Economic Area (“EEA”), unless you are otherwise notified, any transfer of your personal data to third parties outside the EEA or EU will be based on an adequacy decision or are governed by the standard contractual clauses. Any other non-EEA related transfers of your personal data will take place in accordance with the appropriate international data transfer mechanisms and standards.
Sensitive Personal Data
We do not generally seek to collect sensitive personal data (also known as special categories) through this site or otherwise. In the limited cases where we do seek to collect such data, we will do this in accordance with local data privacy law requirements. If you choose to provide us with unsolicited sensitive personal data, you consent to our using the data, subject to applicable law as described in this privacy policy.
The term “sensitive personal data” refers to the various categories of personal data identified by European and other data privacy laws as requiring special treatment, including in some circumstances the need to obtain explicit consent. These categories may include racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious, philosophical or other similar beliefs, membership of a trade union, physical or mental health, biometric or genetic data, sexual life or orientation, or criminal convictions and offences (including information about suspected criminal activities).
Protecting your personal data
Tolethorpe Youth Drama and Stamford Shakespeare Company protects your personal data in accordance with applicable laws and through its contractual commitments and privacy policies and procedures. We also have data privacy procedures describing how we should handle access requests or inquiries. Together, these ensure that appropriate data privacy safeguards are in place across our organisation. We will use appropriate technical and organisational measures to protect against unauthorised or unlawful processing and against accidental loss destruction or damage of your personal information. Your personal information is stored electronically on a database file which is password-protected and stored offline, behind up-to-date firewall and antivirus protection.
Your safe use of our Site
We take appropriate steps to maintain the security of personal data collected. Regarding your use of our websites, you should understand that the open nature of the Internet is such that information and personal data may flow over networks connecting you to our systems without security measures, and your data may be accessed and used by people other than those for whom the data is intended.
From time to time, our site may contain links to and from the sites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these sites, please note that these sites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies or sites. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these sites.
Processing of your Personal Data
Personal data we collect may be routed, stored, or transferred throughout our organisation in accordance with our privacy policies and procedures, and in accordance with data privacy law.
Retention of your Personal Data
We will retain your personal data only for as long as is necessary. Criteria we use to determine the retention periods include:
Retention of your data for as long as we have an ongoing or legitimate interest relationship with you.
Retention of your data for as long as needed for us to comply with our legal and contractual obligations.
Your rights concerning your personal data
Please contact admin@stamfordshakespeare.co.uk if you have any questions or concerns about how SSC processes your personal data.
If you want to exercise any of your rights in relation to your personal data please contact admin@stamfordshakespeare.co.uk.
You have the right (in the circumstances and under the conditions, and subject to the exceptions, set out in applicable law to:
Request access to the personal data SSC processes about you: this right entitles you to know whether SSC hold personal data of you and, if so, obtain information on and a copy of those personal data.
Request rectification of your personal data: this right entitles you to have your personal data be corrected if it is inaccurate or incomplete.
Object to the processing of your personal data: this right entitles you to request that SSC no longer processes your personal data.
Request the erasure of your personal data: this right entitles you to request the erasure of your personal data, including where such personal data would no longer be necessary to achieve the purposes.
Request the restriction of the processing of your personal data: this right entitles you to request that SSC only processes your personal data in limited circumstances, including with your consent.
Request portability of your personal data: this right entitles you to receive a copy (in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format) of personal data that you have provided to SSC, or request we transmit such personal data to another data controller.
To the extent that the processing of your personal data is based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw such consent at any time by contacting admin@stamfordshakespeare.co.uk.
Please note that this will not affect SSC’s right to process personal data obtained prior to the withdrawal of your consent, or its right to continue parts of the processing based on other legal bases than your consent. Please note, however, that certain personal data may be exempt from the above-mentioned rights pursuant to applicable data privacy or other laws and regulations.
If, despite SSC’s commitment and efforts to protect your personal data, you believe that your data privacy rights have been violated, we encourage and welcomes you to come to us first to seek resolution of any complaint. You have the right at all times to register a complaint directly with the relevant supervisory authority or to make a claim against us with a competent court.
Questions and Concerns
You can find additional information about how we process your personal data in relation to websites, cookies, marketing and personnel below.
If you can’t find what you’re looking for in this statement, or have a concern about our use of your personal data, you may contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO) via e-mail at: admin@stamfordshakespeare.co.uk
SSC WEBSITES
This site is administered by Stamford Shakespeare Company.
Your privacy on Stamford Shakespeare Company website.
What information do we gather?
How do we use information that we collect from the site?
Your privacy on SSC websites
The primary purpose of our websites is to be a dynamic resource and business tool to help you learn more about us. We want you to feel secure when visiting our website and are committed to maintaining your privacy when doing so.
What information do we gather?
Stamford Shakespeare Company collects information through its websites in two ways: (1) directly (for example, when you contact us through our online form or register to comment on a forum website); and (2) indirectly (for example, through our website’s technology).
We may collect and process the following information:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our website. This information is used solely for the purposes it is designed for and that is to gather information for us to contact you. However, it is completely up to you whether you want to provide it.
If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
We may ask you to complete feedback that we use for research purposes, although you do not have to respond to this request.
Any postings, comments or other content that you upload or post to the SSC website or social media platforms.
Our website collects information about your computer, including (where available) your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration, to filter traffic, to look up user domains and to report on statistics.
Details of your visits to our website, the pages you view and resources you access or download, including but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data. Please see the Cookies section below for more information.
When this information relates to or identifies you, we will treat it as “personal data.”
How do we use information that we collect from the site?
We use personal data to provide you with information you request, process job applications, and for other purposes which we describe or make obvious to you at the point where it is collected. For example:
To fulfil your requests for information or other content.
For surveys or research questionnaires.
To personalise your experience at our website.
To contact you for marketing purposes where you have agreed to this.
COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
We analyse your IP and browser information to determine what is most effective about our website, to help us identify ways to improve it and, eventually, to determine how we can tailor our website to make it a more positive and relevant user experience.
Using our website – Cookies
A Cookie is a small file downloaded on to your computer or device when you access certain websites. Generally Cookies identify you through your IP address and do not collect information about your identity. For more information about Cookies please visit
www.allaboutcookies.org or http://www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/
Cookies allow us to distinguish you from other users of our website and help us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allow us to improve our website.
We use Cookies for the purposes of:
understanding what brought you to our website and what pages you visited;
remembering you when you return to our website; and
providing you with safe restricted access areas.
You can manage Cookies by changing your browser settings to block or delete cookies. To find out how, visit www.allaboutcookies.org. Please note that if you block all cookies you may not be able to access parts of our website.
SSC MARKETING
This section describes our use of personal data for marketing purposes, including:
Sources of marketing data
Targeted E-mail
Use of our Websites
Combining and Analysing Personal Data
Your Rights Regarding Marketing Communications
Sources of Marketing Data
The bulk of the personal data we collect and use for marketing purposes relates to individual customers or clients, including our students, other companies with which we have an existing business relationship and job candidates seeking careers opportunities at SSC. We may also obtain contact information from public sources, including content made public at social media websites, to make an initial contact with a relevant individual.
Targeted E-mail
We send emails to individuals and other companies with whom we want to develop or maintain a business relationship in accordance with applicable marketing laws. Our targeted e-mail messages typically include web beacons, cookies, and similar technologies that allow us to know whether you open, read, or delete the message, and any links you may click. When you click a link in a marketing e-mail you receive from SSC, we will also use a cookie to log what pages you view and what content you download from our websites, even if you are not registered at or signed into our site.
Targeted e-mails from SCC may include additional data privacy information, as required by applicable laws.
Combining and Analysing Personal Data
As described above, we may combine data from publicly available sources, and from our different e-mail, website, and personal interactions with you. This information may include information collected across our different websites such as our sites using your social media credentials (such as Facebook, Twitter etc.). We combine this data to better assess your experience with us and to perform the other activities described throughout our privacy policy.
Your Rights Regarding Marketing Communications
You can exercise your right to prevent marketing communications to you by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your personal data, or by utilising opt-out mechanisms in e-mails we send to you. You can also exercise the right to discontinue marketing communications to you, or to have your personal data removed from our databases at any time by using our ‘Contact Us’ form on the website homepage. In such cases, we will retain minimum personal data to note that you opted out in order to avoid contacting you again.
SSC PERSONNEL
If you are an employee (or an individual contractor), volunteer, student, parent, alumni or customer we will process your personal data in accordance with this privacy statement.
We may also use Cookies and other tracking technology and the same technologies we use for Marketing (including Targeted E-mail & Combining and Analysing Personal Data) to provide individuals with a personalised online experience, to send relevant information, and to analyse the effectiveness of our efforts and resources.
CONTACT US
Data privacy questions, concerns and complaints
Please contact the SSC Data Privacy Officer if:
You have a general question about how we protect your personal data privacy
You wish to exercise your data privacy rights (e.g. to get a copy of personal data we hold about you)
You would like to receive a copy of our privacy policy and procedures
You wish to make a complaint about our use of your data
Website/marketing permissions and general queries about SSC
Please use our ‘Contact Us’ form on the website homepage if you wish to:
Discontinue communications to you
Have your personal data removed from our databases
Have a more general question about us
POSTPONED
POSTPONED
POSTPONED
POSTPONED
2020 SEASON
POSTPONED Until 2021
DINING
POSTPONED Until 2021
TESTIMONIALS
"One of the finest things to do this summer."The Sunday Times
read more
"One of England's premier alfresco theatre venues."The Stage
read more
"It really was superb... the scenery, costumes and actors were all fantastic, as per usual... another brilliant production."Tracy (patron watching Hobson’s Choice in 2017)
read more
"One of the most entertaining plays I have seen in a long time."Carol (patron watching Hobson’s Choice in 2017)
read more
"First experience yesterday and will most definitely be back... as good as any West End show I've seen... just brilliant."Jo (patron watching A Midsummer Night’s Dream in 2017)
read more
"One of the funniest and best performances I’ve seen in over 25 years of visiting Tolethorpe for my annual fix of Shakespeare."Melissa (patron watching Much Ado About Nothing in 2017)
read more
"Hilarious... the production was inventive... the acting was superb... this was one of my most enjoyable experiences at a Shakespeare production ever."Steve (patron watching Much Ado About Nothing in 2017)
read more
"Reaching new levels of excellence and innovation... some of the most compelling acting I've seen at Tolethorpe, full of passion and humanity and delivered with crystal clear diction."Peterborough Telegraph (review of Much Ado About Nothing in 2017)
read more
"Best play I've seen at Tolethorpe... amazing comic timing... laughing out loud... fantastic play."Stamford Mercury (review of Much Ado About Nothing in 2017)
read more
"The set design is excellent... the audience in stitches... a hoot."Sardines Magazine (review of Much Ado About Nothing in 2017)
read more
"Excellent sets... another outstanding performance... nicely judged and hilariously managed."Peterborough Telegraph (review of Hobson’s Choice in 2017)
read more
"Excellently played... the comic timing of lines is perfect."Sardines Magazine (review of Hobson’s Choice in 2017)
read more
"Rollicking rendition of a classic comedy... talented cast... great comic timing... had the audience in stitches."Leicester Mercury (review of A Midsummer Night’s Dream in 2017)
read more
"First class... costumes are marvellous... actors are all excellent... the audience rock with laughter."Sardines Magazine (review of A Midsummer Night’s Dream in 2017)
read more
"We hugely enjoyed our evening, including a rattling good performance of Hamlet."Richard Todd OBE (guest of honour at a production of Hamlet in 2000)
read more
CONTACT STAMFORD SHAKESPEARE COMPANY
Please select the type of enquiry you wish to make:
GENERAL
MAILING LIST
TICKET ENQUIRIES
Please leave this field empty.
I give permission for the Stamford Shakespeare Company to contact me.
I give permission for the Stamford Shakespeare Company to contact me.
Please leave this field empty.
Please leave this field empty.
I give permission for the Stamford Shakespeare Company to contact me.
Please allow 48 hours for a response and be aware that the office is only open Mon-Fri (9am-5pm).
Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2002 - 2020 Stamford Shakespeare. All Rights Reserved. | Designed and Developed by Welland Creative
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy