http://www.brookeandcompany.com/pages/privacy-policy
Search
Log in
or
Create account
Cart
0
Menu
Cart 0
Home
Dance Lesson DVDs
+
-
Brooke & Company Clothing
About us
+
-
About Brooke & Company
Booking Information
Contact Us
Gallery
Testimonials
Health Breaks
Log in
Create account
Search
Privacy Policy
SECTION 1 - WHAT DO WE DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION? When you purchase something from our store as part of the buying and selling process we collect the personal information you give us such as your name, address and email address. When you browse our store we also automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system. With your permission we may send you occasional emails about our store, new products or other Brooke and Company news. With the exception of providing information needed to complete your payment transaction when you make a purchase from our store, we will never share your personal information with any third party for any reason unless we are required to do so by law.
SECTION 2 - CONSENT How do you get my consent? When you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, verify your credit card, place an order, arrange for a delivery or return a purchase, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only. If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason like notifying you about new products or news about Brooke and Company, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no. How do I withdraw my consent? If after you opt-in you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at anytime, by contacting us at support@brookeandcompany.com or mailing us at: Brooke and Company, 1200 N Main #1647, Meridian, Idaho US 83680
SECTION 3 - DISCLOSURE We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service. Links: When you click on links on our store they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements. Google analytics: Our store uses Google Analytics to help us learn about who visits our site and what pages are being looked at.
SECTION 4 - SHOPIFY Our store is hosted on Shopify Inc. They provide us with the online e-commerce platform that allows us to sell our products and services to you. Your data is stored through Shopify’s data storage, databases and the general Shopify application. They store your data on a secure server behind a firewall. For more insight you may also want to read Shopify’s Terms of Service (https://www.shopify.com/legal/terms) or Privacy Statement (https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy).
SECTION 5 - PAYMENT We have partnered with Amazon Payments for the processing of payment transactions. With Amazon Payments you can use your existing Amazon.com account for all your Brooke and Company purchases and enjoy the safety and security of Amazon's world class payment platform which you have come to know and trust. For details on Amazon's privacy and data collection policies please visit https://payments.amazon.com/help/201491260
SECTION 6 - SECURITY To protect your personal information we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed. If you provide us with your credit card information, the information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL) and stored with a AES-256 encryption. Although no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, we follow all PCI-DSS requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards.
SECTION 7 - COOKIES Here is a list of cookies that we use. We’ve listed them here so you that you can choose if you want to opt-out of cookies or not.  _session_id, unique token, sessional, Allows Shopify to store information about your session (referrer, landing page, etc).  _shopify_visit, no data held, Persistent for 30 minutes from the last visit, Used by our website provider’s internal stats tracker to record the number of visits  _shopify_uniq, no data held, expires midnight (relative to the visitor) of the next day, Counts the number of visits to a store by a single customer. cart, unique token, persistent for 2 weeks, Stores information about the contents of your cart.  _secure_session_id, unique token, sessional  storefront_digest, unique token, indefinite If the shop has a password, this is used to determine if the current visitor has access.  PREF, persistent for a very short period, Set by Google and tracks who visits the store and from where
SECTION 8 - AGE OF CONSENT By using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
SECTION 9 - CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it. If our store is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to you.
QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION If you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our Privacy Compliance Officer at support@brookeandcompany.com or by mail at: Brooke and Company, 1200 N Main #1647, Meridian, Idaho US 83680 ----------------