https://www.processarts.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Who We Are
Facilitators and Staff
Board of Directors
Our Mission
The Process
What Is Process Painting?
Testimonials
Videos
Life, Paint & Passion
After Your Workshop
Setting Up at Home
Process Painting FAQs
Programs
All Programs
Workshops & Retreats
Online Programs
Online Painting
Online Painting Classes
Online Painting Workshops
Online Courses
The Practice of Process Arts
Process Circles
Personal Mentoring
Continuing Education
Registration FAQs
Resources
Podcasts
Blog
Gallery
Quotes & Poetry
Donate
Contact
Leave A Message For Us
Subscribe Now
Share Your Experience!
Store
Paints
Programs
Supplies
Make a Payment
Cart
Checkout
Who We Are
The Painting Experience ® is a registered trademark of The Institute for Art and Living, a 501(c)3 California nonprofit arts educational organization. Our headquarters is the San Francisco Bay Area, although our programs carry us throughout the United States, Canada, and Europe. Since its founding in 1976, The Painting Experience has touched the lives of thousands of people by enabling them to explore the creative process in an atmosphere of freedom and non-judgment. Our seminars provide the opportunity to create art in a respectful, supportive and stimulating environment.
By using the processarts.com website or making online purchases of programs or products, you agree to the terms and conditions of the following privacy policy. If we change our policy in the future, we will post the revised policy on our website and update the “Last Updated” date at the bottom of this page. If we make significant changes, we will notify you by email or by a prominent notice on the home page of our website. However, we encourage you to review this policy periodically to see if there are any changes that affect you.
If you don’t agree with any part of this privacy policy, you should clear all cookies from your browser and stop using our website. Your use of our website following any changes to our posted privacy policy serves as your agreement that all information we collect from or about you through our website is subject to the terms of the revised privacy policy.
We may offer you the ability to connect with our website through a mobile application or via a mobile optimized website. The provisions of this policy apply to all such mobile access and use of mobile devices. Any such mobile applications or mobile optimized websites will refer to this policy.
Privacy Policy
The Painting Experience believes that when you share your personal information with us, it is our responsibility to preserve your privacy. This privacy statement tells you what happens to the information we collect from you.
How We Collect Information From You
What Information We Collect From You
How We Use Information We Collect From You
When We Share Your Information With Third Parties
How Long We Keep Your Information
Your Access to and Control Over Information
How We Use Cookies
How We Use Log Files
Social Media Widgets
Security
Children and Minors
International Users
Do Not Track
Legal Disclaimer
Contact Us
How We Collect Information From You
We keep and have access to only the personal information that you voluntarily give us when you:
connect with us by phone, email, or a form on this website
register for a program
review and approve the roster when you attend a program
purchase supplies or other products from us
interact with our website
subscribe or otherwise affirmatively request to receive our newsletter, or
respond to a survey or other direct request for information.
What Information We Collect From You
We collect only the information from you that is necessary to carry out our business and to provide the services, products, and information you request. The personal information we collect as a result of your interactions with us may include your:
name
email address(es)
home address
billing address
phone number(s)
names and information of others for whom you have made purchases
payment (we don’t store your credit card information; see below), or
opinions or preferences when you communicate with our office.
The Painting Experience may also gather anonymous data from your use of our website, such as browser information, Internet Service Provider (ISP), operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) addresses or other device identifiers, location and date/time stamp.
How We Use Information We Collect From You
We use information about you in different ways—for example, to maintain and operate our organization, fulfill your registration or product order, and provide you with information about upcoming programs and new developments. To comply with data protection laws, we make sure that our use of your personal information is within legal grounds, including the performance of contracts, meeting legal obligations, carrying out legitimate business interests, and sending you direct marketing with your prior consent.
For the performance of a contract. When you register for one of our programs or purchase a product, we share your payment details with credit card companies and other payment providers. The Painting Experience does not store any payment card numbers after your transaction is complete. We also share your personal information with shipping services—for example, UPS or the USPS, as needed to ship an order to you. We may also use your personal information to provide customer service and answer questions about the status of your order.
To inform you and promote our programs. If we have your consent, we will communicate with you via email or direct mail to provide you with promotional materials and information regarding our programs, products, promotions, special offers, and surveys. We share your personal information with MailChimp, an email marketing service that helps us deliver our email marketing campaigns to you. As provided below, you may always choose to unsubscribe at any time. From time to time, we may also use your information to display advertising on social media .
For legitimate business interests. To improve your experience with our organization, we may use your personal information to:
help you access and use our website
send you service or support messages and updates
operate, protect, improve and optimize our website and your registration or purchasing experience—for example, by performing analytics to help us improve our customer service and assessing our performance to help us improve our offerings to you
track usage statistics on our website by measuring the relevance of our content and learning about your preferences
administer surveys or promotional activities, and
monitor website traffic and volume.
For safety and security. We may use information about you to detect and prevent fraud, abuse, security incidents, and other harmful activity or to conduct security investigations and risk assessments.
To meet our legal obligations and protect our legal rights. When the law requires or when we believe it is necessary to protect our legal rights, interests and interests of others, we may use personal information in connection with legal claims and compliance, and for regulatory and audit purposes.
When your personal information is anonymous, we do not require a legal basis to use it because the information does not constitute personal information under applicable data protection laws. Our use of anonymized or de-identified data is not subject to this policy.
When We Share Your Information With Third Parties
With your direct consent, we may share your personal information with our Painting Experience facilitators, so that they can communicate with you (whether by email, direct mail or otherwise) to provide you with information about their services, promotions, and special offers that may be of interest to you. For example, this may happen when you fill out a signup form at one of our workshops agreeing to be added to a facilitator’s separate mailing list.
We may transfer personal information to third parties outside of our organization when necessary to provide services you request, such as a shipping company to fulfill your orders, a credit card processing company to bill you for programs or products you order, and an email service provider to send you emails for which you have provided consent. These third parties are prohibited from using or disclosing your personal information for any reason other than processing. They must also use security safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of your information.
We don’t sell or rent your personal information to anyone. However, in the event that the assets of The Painting Experience are transferred to another nonprofit organization, we may transfer or disclose your personal information to the acquiring nonprofit. The acquiring nonprofit may collect, use and disclose such information to evaluate the proposed transaction or to operate and manage the affairs of the acquired nonprofit assets, or for other purposes identified in this policy.
Our website may sometimes include third-party advertising and links to other websites. We do not provide any personally identifiable customer information to these advertisers or to third-party websites, other than those owned by facilitators of The Painting Experience with your prior consent. The Painting Experience has no control over the privacy practices of sites outside our domain. If you follow a link to another website, please read that site’s privacy policy.
Finally, we reserve the right to disclose your personal information as required by law, and as necessary to protect the property, interests and rights of The Painting Experience and The Institute for Art and Living.
How Long We Keep Your Information
We keep your personal information only as long as is reasonably necessary for the purposes described in this policy or any period required by applicable law.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may do any of the following at any time by emailing us at office@processarts.com:
find out what information we have about you, if any
change or correct any information we have about you
ask us to erase any information we have about you
opt out of future contacts from us, or
express any concerns you have about our use of your information.
We may ask you to verify your identity before we take action on your request. We will process your request within 30 days of receiving it.
If you ask us to erase your personal information, please note that we may keep certain information as required by law or for legitimate business purposes. If we have shared your personal information with others, we will let them know about the erasure if possible.
How We Use Cookies
A “cookie” is a piece of information that a website can send to your computer’s hard drive while you are using the website. The Painting Experience uses temporary cookies. These pieces of information allow our website to remember information that will make your future visits to our website more efficient. We do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site.
Cookies may store a variety of information, including the number of times you visit a website and the number of times you view a particular page on a website. Most business websites use cookies to better serve their customers and clients. Most browsers are designed to accept cookies, but you can easily modify your browser to block cookies. See your browser’s help files to set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie and decide on a case-by-case basis whether to accept cookies.
You can also opt-out of cookies by using the following link: networkadvertising.org/choices. You should note, however, that without cookies you may lose access to some of a website’s benefits and functions.
Our privacy policy does not cover the use of cookies by our facilitators’ separately owned websites, tracking utility company, or service providers. We do not have access or control over these cookies. If you have concerns, please contact that provider directly.
How We Use Log Files
Like most websites, we and our third-party tracking-utility partner gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the website, to track users’ movements around the website and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.
Social Media Widgets
Our website includes social media features—for example, the Facebook, Twitter, and Pinterest buttons that you see on our website. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our website, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Our social media features and widgets are hosted by third parties. Your interactions a social media feature is governed by the privacy policy of the company that provides it.
Security
This website has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, or alteration of the information under our control. In particular, all credit card and other transactional information is transmitted using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology—the industry standard for protected credit card transactions. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.
Children and Minors
This website is not intended for use by people under the age of 18. The Painting Experience cannot prohibit minors from visiting this website and relies on parents and guardians to decide which materials are appropriate for children.
We will not intentionally collect any personal information from people under the age of 18 through this website. If you think that we have collected personal information from a person under the age of 18 through this website, please contact us. If we learn that we have collected information from a person under the age of 18, we will promptly delete it.
Our policy regarding children and minors is intended to satisfy the requirements of the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act and Privacy Rights for California Minors in the Digital World.
International Users
Our company is based in the United States. No matter where you are located, information you provide to us or that we obtain when you use our websites will be subject to U.S. law, which may differ from the laws of the country where you live. When you use our website or provide your information to us, you consent to the collection, transfer, storage, and processing of information to and in the United States.
Do Not Track
We do not currently honor "Do Not Track" browser signals or mechanisms that indicate a request to disable online tracking of individual users who use our website.
Generally, we use tracking technology to remember you when you return to our website, to understand and analyze anonymous usage trends, and to learn about visitor behavior on our website so that we can improve what we offer to you.
Legal Disclaimer
We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our legal rights or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on The Painting Experience or The Institute for Art and Living.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or to make any complaint in relation to this policy or our privacy practices you may write to our privacy officer at office@processarts.com or at:
The Painting Experience
ATTN: Privacy Officer
P.O. Box 309
Fairfax, California 94978
415-488-6880
This Privacy Policy was last updated on June 1, 2018.
We’ve updated our privacy policy to address some new privacy laws in Europe. Click Accept to let us know you’re okay with the updates.Accept Reject Read Privacy PolicyPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled