http://www.tomjones.com/privacy-policy-1
Home
TOUR
MUSIC & VIDEO
-
Store
Biography
Info/Contact
Privacy Policy 1. INTRODUCTION1.1 Protecting your privacy as a user of the Website is important to us and we strive to keep all information relating to you confidential in accordance with this statement.  As part of the normal operation of our services you may voluntarily provide us with information about yourself (“Personal Data”).  The purpose of this Privacy Statement is to explain what Personal Data we collect about you, how that Personal Data might be used and how we protect your Personal Data and privacy.1.2 We will be happy to answer any enquiries from you regarding this Privacy Statement, the Personal Data we hold about you or the use we make of it.  If you have any queries or comments please contact us1.3 For the purposes of the United Kingdom Data Protection Act 2018 we are registered as a data controller with the Information Commissioner (Registration Number: Z8836907)2. WHAT DATA DO WE COLLECT AND HOW?Non-subscribers2.1 If you are merely visiting the public areas of the Website, we do not collect any Personal Data about you.  However, we may automatically collect information about your visits, such as: browsing patterns; the name of your Internet service provider; the Internet Protocol (IP) address through which you access the Internet; the date and time you access the Website; the pages that you access while visiting the Website; and the Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to our Website. This information is only used in aggregate form to analyse, manage and develop the Website and is not linked to any individual.Subscribers2.2 The Website may now or at some point in the future offer services which are only available to subscribers to the Website.  If you are a subscriber to the Website, we will collect and hold Personal Data about you when you apply to become a subscriber.  The Personal Data collected by us will include your full name and e-mail address.  From time to time you may also provide other Personal Data which we need to provide you with the services you request, such as your credit card details, other information about yourself, your preferences or your experiences. 3. HOW DO WE USE SUBSCRIBERS’ PERSONAL DATA?Services 3.1  We will use all Personal Data for the purpose of providing you with the services you have requested.Marketing3.2 From time to time, we may use your Personal Data to let you know about other services and products that we or our associated companies provide, special offers and also to provide you with news about our businessLegal requirements3.3 We reserve the right to access and disclose Personal Data to comply with applicable laws and lawful government requests or requests by the police investigating suspected illegal activities, to operate our systems properly or to protect ourselves or other Website users.  We also reserve the right to disclose Personal Data to third parties if a complaint arises concerning your use of the Website, and that use is deemed by us to be inconsistent with the Terms (as defined below). 4. HOW DO WE PROTECT SUBSCRIBERS’ PERSONAL DATA4.1 When you input any Personal Data into the Website or request services from us, we use appropriate physical, electronic and managerial security measures to try to prevent that Personal Data from being accessed by unauthorised persons and to ensure that you may input Personal Data safely.  This means that sometimes we may ask for proof of identity before we disclose Personal Data to you. 5. COOKIES5.1 The Website makes use of cookies which are files placed on your computer that enable us to track certain information relating to your use of the Website.  You may be able to configure your web browser to prevent the use of cookies although some functions or services may not be available.  For more information on the use of cookies and how to disable them, we recommend that you visit www.allaboutcookies.org. 7. THIRD PARTIES7.1 From time to time we may enter into a special relationship with another company that is not owned by us to provide additional features on the Website.  As a result of these special relationships, the Website may sometimes feature co-branded micro sites or webpages, for example, a page with our name and TicketMaster’s name.7.2 You should look for a specific privacy statement on any such co-branded page.  Any Personal Data that you provide when signing up on one of these co-branded pages may be shared with our third party partner in accordance with the privacy statement on that page.7.3 We may also provide links to other websites or resources operated by third parties who are not connected or affiliated with us.  This Privacy Policy only relates to this Website and does not apply to third party websites which are not operated by us.  You should check the privacy policy of any linked third party website to make sure you understand it fully prior to submitting your Personal Data to that website. 8. CONSENT8.1 By accepting the Terms or by using the services on the Website, you consent to the collection and use of your Personal Data by us for the purposes outlined above and for any other purpose which is reasonably necessary for the provision or proper administration of the Website service in accordance with the Terms.8.2 You agree that your Personal Data may be transferred to countries outside the European Economic Area for the purposes described above to countries, which may not provide legal protection of Personal Data equivalent to the level of protection within the United Kingdom.8.3 If you do not wish your Personal Data to be used in the manner set out in this Privacy Statement or the Terms please do not use the Website. 9. CHANGES TO OUR POLICY9.1 This Privacy Statement is subject to change at any time.  We encourage you to review the Privacy Statement regularly for any changes.  We will use Personal Data in accordance with the Privacy Statement under which that Personal Data was collected.9.2 This Privacy Statement is part of the Website Terms of Use (the “Terms”) and all defined terms shall have the same meaning as those in the Terms.We welcome your questions and comments about privacy issues and the design of the Website. Should you have any comments or a complaint about how we are using your Personal Data, please use the Contact us page What are your rights?We take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.Whenever possible, you can update your Personal Data by contacting us. If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.In certain circumstances, you have the right:To access and receive a copy of the personal Data we hold about youTo rectify any Personal Data held about you that is inaccurateTo request the deletion of Personal Data held about youYou have the right to data portability for the information you provide to us. You can request a copy of your Personal Data in a commonly used electronic format so that you can manage and move it.You have the right, at any time, to object to us using your personal information If you are not satisfied with our response or believe we are processing your personal data not in accordance with the law you can complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) by calling 0303 123 1113. Security Of DataThe security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
First Name
Last Name
Email Address
Sign Up
Thank you!