http://www.leopoldgallery.com/terms-and-conditions/
0
item
items
0
MenuArtistsWind SculpturesLyman Whitaker Wind SculpturesGifts of RemembranceExhibitionsHappy Customers CloseArt ProjectsArt ProjectsKC Royals ArtFrontline Heroes CloseAbout UsContactTour the GalleryTestimonial VideosLeopold FoundationPeopleNews & VideosPaul’s BookExhibitionsGallery Blog CloseKC Chiefs ArtArt Consulting
816.333.3111
EMAIL US
Terms and Conditions (“Terms”)
Please read these Terms and Conditions carefully before using the https://www.leopoldgallery.com/ website operated by LEOPOLDgallery and ARTconsulting.
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned upon your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who wish to access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you do not have permission to access the Service.
Purchases
If you wish to purchase any product or service made available through the Service, you may be asked to supply certain information relevant to your Purchase including, without limitation, your credit card number, the expiration date of your credit card, your billing address, and your shipping information.
You represent and warrant that: (i) you have the legal right to use any credit card(s) or other payment method(s) in connection with any Purchase; and that (ii) the information you supply to us is true, correct and complete.
The service may employ the use of third party services for the purpose of facilitating payment and the completion of Purchases. By submitting your information, you grant us the right to provide the information to these third parties subject to our Privacy Policy.
We reserve the right to refuse or cancel your order at any time for reasons including but not limited to: product or service availability, errors in the description or price of the product or service, error in your order or other reasons.
We reserve the right to refuse or cancel your order if fraud or an unauthorized or illegal transaction is suspected.
Availability, Errors and Inaccuracies
We are constantly updating product and service offerings on the Service. We may experience delays in updating information on the Service and in our advertising on other web sites. The information found on the Service may contain errors or inaccuracies and may not be complete or current. Products or services may be mispriced, described inaccurately, or unavailable on the Service and we cannot guarantee the accuracy or completeness of any information found on the Service.
We therefore reserve the right to change or update information and to correct errors, inaccuracies, or omissions at any time without prior notice.
Contests, Sweepstakes and Promotions
Any promotions made available through the Service may be governed by rules that are separate from these Terms & Conditions. If you participate in any Promotions, please review the applicable rules as well as our Privacy Policy. If the rules for a Promotion conflict with these Terms and Conditions, the Promotion rules will apply.
Intellectual Property The Service and its original content, features and functionality are and will remain the exclusive property of LEOPOLDgallery and ARTconsulting and its licensors. The Service is protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of both the United States and foreign countries. Our trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service without the prior written consent of LEOPOLDgallery and ARTconsulting.
Links to Other Web Sites
Our Service may contain links to third party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by LEOPOLDgallery and ARTconsulting.
LEOPOLDgallery and ARTconsulting. has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. We do not warrant the offerings of any of these entities/individuals or their websites.
You acknowledge and agree that LEOPOLDgallery and ARTconsulting shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such third party web sites or services.
We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third party web sites or services that you visit.
Termination
We may terminate or suspend your access to the Service immediately, without prior notice or liability, under our sole discretion, for any reason whatsoever and without limitation, including but not limited to a breach of the Terms.
All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless LEOPOLDgallery and ARTconsulting and its licensee and licensors, and their employees, contractors, agents, officers and directors, from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorney’s fees), resulting from or arising out of a) your use and access of the Service, or b) a breach of these Terms.
Limitation Of Liability
In no event shall LEOPOLDgallery and ARTconsulting, nor its directors, employees, partners, agents, suppliers, or affiliates, be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages, including without limitation, loss of profits, data, use, goodwill, or other intangible losses, resulting from (i) your access to or use of or inability to access or use the Service; (ii) any conduct or content of any third party on the Service; (iii) any content obtained from the Service; and (iv) unauthorized access, use or alteration of your transmissions or content, whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence) or any other legal theory, whether or not we have been informed of the possibility of such damage, and even if a remedy set forth herein is found to have failed of its essential purpose.
Disclaimer
Your use of the Service is at your sole risk. The Service is provided on an “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” basis. The Service is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or course of performance.
LEOPOLDgallery and ARTconsulting its subsidiaries, affiliates, and its licensors do not warrant that a) the Service will function uninterrupted, secure or available at any particular time or location; b) any errors or defects will be corrected; c) the Service is free of viruses or other harmful components; or d) the results of using the Service will meet your requirements.
Exclusions
Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, so the limitations above may not apply to you.
Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Missouri, United States, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have had between us regarding the Service.
Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will provide at least 30 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use our Service after any revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, you are no longer authorized to use the Service.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.
Art Search
Art Search
Site Search
Site Search
Recent NewsMeet the Artist Series: Nancy TeagueNovember 18, 2020Paul’s Audition for Survivor. You’ll Love It.August 25, 2020Meet the Artist Series: Elizabeth WashburnMay 11, 2020Meet the Artist Series: Louis CoptApril 24, 2020Meet the Artist Series: Jenny KrugerMarch 30, 2020Meet the Artist Series: MJ RigbyMarch 23, 2020Lyman Whitaker Wind Sculpture Exhibit at Dallas ArboretumFebruary 23, 2020Jacob Burmood Sculpture Dedicated at Arrowhead Stadium, KC Studio MagazineJanuary 19, 2020
Artists
Wind Sculptures
Art Projects
Contact
Art Blog
Exhibitions
ArtistsGary Bowling, Mark Brasuell, Jacob Burmood, Mark Cook, Louis Copt, Phil Epp, Carol Fleming, Linda Ganstrom, Thomas Gieseke, Addison Hanna, Drew Hine, Wind Spinners, Tyler Kimball, Christina Klein, Jenny Kruger, Kinetic Sculptures, William Lobdell, Mike McMullen, Jerry Moon,  Michael Moran, Lori Norwood, Ed Pennebaker, Charles Porter, Dave Regier, Regier Sculpture, Ken & Tina Riesterer, MJ Rigby, William Rose, Kyle Stanley, NCECA Exhibition, Nancy Teague, Brad Teare,  Elizabeth Washburn, Gary Wilks, Lyman Whitaker Wind Sculptures.
From the BlogMeet the Artist Series: Nancy TeagueNovember 18, 2020Paul’s Audition for Survivor. You’ll Love It.August 25, 2020Meet the Artist Series: Elizabeth WashburnMay 11, 2020
QuicklinksArt Search
Art Projects
News & Videos
Lyman Whitaker Wind Spinner Sculptures
Art Blog
LEAVE GOOGLE REVIEW
Follow us!
Join Our Mailing List
Thanks for signing up!
Email Address
Sign Up
By submitting this form, you are granting: Leopold Gallery, 324 W63rd St, Kansas City, Missouri, 64113, United States, https://www.leopoldgallery.com permission to email you. You may unsubscribe via the link found at the bottom of every email.
(See our Email Privacy Policy for details.) Emails are serviced by Constant Contact.
Pin It on Pinterest
Share This
Facebook
Google +
Pinterest
Twitter
reddit