http://www.painterilya.com/privacy.htm
HOME
PRIVACY  STATEMENT
Copyright
Info:
All
content, graphics and data on or relating to the Site (and each of its
modules), is the property of www.painterilya.com. None of the content, graphics
or data found on the Site may be reproduced, republished, distributed, posted,
sold, transferred, linked to or modified without the express written permission
of www.painterilya.com. In addition, the trade marks, logos and service marks
displayed on this Site are the property of www.painterilya.com and may not be
used without www.painterilya.com's permission. All copyright, database rights,
rights in inventions, patents and patent applications in the graphics, data or
content relating to the Site shall be owned by and vest absolutely in www.painterilya.com.
You agree that the content, graphics and data
of the Site and any information provided by www.painterilya.com is for your
personal use only and may not be used for commercial purposes or distributed
commercially without the permission of www.painterilya.com.
Secured
Transaction & Privacy Protection:
Ilyas
Phaizulline Gallery has firm intention to supply its users with the best level
of confidentiality. The information collected at Ilyas Phaizulline Gallery
website is given by the visitors voluntary and it is used to provide them with
the most comfortable and effective work with this website.
Ilyas
Phaizulline gallery doesn't collect any information about the users in a secret
way without their approval and does not give such information to the third
parties for commercial use or other purposes.
This
privacy statement describes in details the way our clients are protected in
terms of their confidentiality. Ilyas Phaizulline Gallery reserves the right to
change this document by making amendments to it according to the development of
the website.
Types of
information collected at the website:
Protecting
your privacy and your personal data is an important aspect of the way we
create, organize and implement our activities on-line and off-line.
Ilyas
Phaizulline Gallery collects only that information, which is given by the users
voluntary.
Ilyas
Phaizulline Gallery does not collect any demographic information concerning the
users (such as the age, date of birth, sex, income level etc.), identifiable
information (such as credit card numbers, social security numbers and so on)
and information concerning their actions on this website.
Ilyas
Phaizulline Gallery collects only contact information necessary for
communicating with the users and providing feedback (name, e-mail address), and
also information necessary for the delivery of order (name, address of
delivery, telephone, e-mail). This information can be used to notify the users
concerning the changes in the website (such as new additions, new services)
which they can be interested in.
Terms:
§ All sales are final and art works are not
returnable unless you received damaged, defective, or incorrect item(s).
§ All paintings on canvas and drawings  receive the "export license" from
the Ministry of  Culture. It takes 2-7
business days before shipping itself.
§ Art works are usually ready for delivery
immediately after receipt of full payment.
§ Orders will be shipped within 4 - 10
business day's (express post).
Ilyas
Phaizulline Gallery under no conditions sells, leases or otherwise shares any
personal information with the third parties.
Ilyas
Phaizulline Gallery reserves the right to disclose such personal information to
police or regulating authorities in case of the necessity to protect the party
affected due to illegal actions.
External
links:
This
website contains links to other sites. Ilyas Phaizulline Gallery is not
responsible for the privacy policies at those websites and their actions. To
find out how they protect the confidentiality of the user you should refer to
their privacy policy statement.
Data
protection and security:
Ilyas
Phaizulline Gallery does not accept, process and keep identifiable information
on its server. As the merchant provider and payment processor we use online
service 2checkout.com, provided by 2Checkout.com, Inc. Privacy statement of the
website 2checkout.com can be found here. https://www.2checkout.com/documentation/privacy.htm
In case you
have any questions concerning this privacy statement or actions of this
website, you may contact the administration of Ilyas Phaizulline Gallery: contact@painterilya.com