https://www.crossref.org/privacy/
Menu
Home
Home
Apply
Members
Support
Labs
Blog
Contact
Get involved
Overview
Become a member
Working for you
Crossref LIVE events
Webinars
Ambassadors
Working groups
Code of conduct
Fees
Find a service
Overview
Content Registration
Reference Linking
Cited-by
Funder Registry
Similarity Check
Crossmark
Metadata Retrieval
Event Data
Education
Overview
The wonderful world of metadata
Why Crossref?
Metadata retrieval
About membership
Setting up as a member
Metadata stewardship
About us
Overview
Our truths
Annual report
Our people
Strategic roadmap
Organization chart
Jobs
Board & governance
Fee assistance
Latest blog posts
2020 December 09
Fast, citable feedback: Peer reviews for preprints and other content types
Crossref has supported depositing metadata for preprints since 2016 and peer reviews since 2018. Now we are putting the two together, in fact we will permit peer reviews to be registered for any content type.
Currently, peer reviews can be registered for journal articles, but that means that they can only be related to some of the content our members deposit. Preprints, books, chapters, working papers, dissertations, and a host of other works can also be registered with Crossref.
...Find out more
2020 December 04
404: Support team down for essential maintenance
2020 has been a very challenging year, and we can all agree that everyone needs a break. Crossref will be providing very limited technical and membership support from 21st December to 3rd January to allow our staff to rest and recharge. We’ll be back on January 4th raring to answer your questions. Amanda explains more about why we made this decision.
...Find out more
2020 December 02
Crossref’s Board votes to adopt the Principles of Open Scholarly Infrastructure
TL;DR
On November 11th 2020, the Crossref Board voted to adopt the “Principles of Open Scholarly Infrastructure” (POSI). POSI is a list of sixteen commitments that will now guide the board, staff, and Crossref’s development as an organisation into the future. It is an important public statement to make in Crossref’s twentieth anniversary year. Crossref has followed principles since its founding, and meets most of the POSI, but publicly committing to a codified and measurable set of principles is a big step. If 2019 was a reflective turning point, and mid-2020 was about Crossref committing to open scholarly infrastructure and collaboration, this is now announcing a very deliberate path. And we’re just a little bit giddy about it.
Here is a picture of me being “giddy.”
If you just want to see the principles that the board has endorsed, you can see them here:
https://doi.org/10.24343/C34W2H
But if you also want some background and want to understand some of the implications of Crossref adopting the principles, read on…
Warning - this is a long post.
...Find out more
2020 October 13
Calling all 24-hour (PID) party people!
While we wish we could be together in person to celebrate the fifth PIDapalooza, there’s an upside to moving it online: now everyone can participate in the universe’s best PID party! With 24 hours of non-stop PID programming, you’ll be able to come to the party no matter where you happen to be.
Send us your ideas for #PIDapalooza21 Now is your chance to share your work in the #PIDapalooza21 spotlight!
...Find out more
Menu
search
Home>
Privacy
We are committed to safeguarding your privacy. If you feel we need to change something please contact us with your feedback.
One of our guiding principles is to use open source tools and technologies. That extends to how we communicate with you and we endeavor to use systems we think we can trust not to misuse our—or your—data.
Browsing this website
We are trying to strike a balance between understanding what content people appreciate most (and least) on our site, and ensuring your information remains as private as possible. We therefore decided to use Matomo which is an open source analytics program that respects user privacy. We look at page views, referrers, geographies, exit pages, and try to discern patterns in what content most used. Matomo does not hold onto your data.
Subscribing to our updates
If you sign up for news and updates, the information you provide will be stored in our email service called Act-On. We will email you once a month with a newsletter containing recent blog posts and product and service information. You won’t be added to other mailing lists unless you ask. If you later decide you do not want to receive these communications, we put opt-out links on all our emails. If you just want alerts of new blogs, please use RSS.
Joining as a member
If you sign up to become a member of Crossref, we add you as an ‘inactive’ account in our Customer Relationship Management (CRM) system, SugarCRM. Once your account is approved, and when you’ve signed your contract and paid your first year’s membership fee, we set your account to ‘active’. When you sign up we ask for a Primary contact (previously “business” contact) plus contacts for: billing, voting, technical, and metadata quality. The billing contact receives the invoices for annual membership fees and quarterly Content Registration fees. The voting contact receives the annual board election notices and votes on behalf of the member organization. The Primary contact agrees to the terms and receives regular service and product information. The technical contact may be your chosen agent to deposit metadata with us. And the metadata quality contact is the one we send reports to about metadata errors and would be the one to fix them.
Over time we might ask to be in touch with additional people at your organization, such as editors, product managers, production staff, and other interested colleagues. We will ask upfront for your consent and it is always possible to opt-out later if you change your mind.
Depending on the type of account, you may receive a series of on-boarding emails that provide information about how to get started with your participation in Crossref. We will also email you with significant news as and when things change, services are improved, or new services are introduced. We may also invite you to participate in research or surveys.
Using our metadata services
We offer both members and non-members a range of services to access metadata. In some cases, the provided metadata may include data (or metadata derived from data) that originated from sources other than our members (“third-party sources”). We will take steps to inform all users of our metadata retrieval services about any third-party sources for the metadata. If the third-party source requires it, we will also provide their privacy policies or usage restrictions. We respect the terms and conditions, including the privacy policies, of the third-party sources and we expect the users of our metadata services to do so as well.
If you identify yourself in API queries (our ‘Polite’ or ‘Plus’ API pools), we will not under any circumstances store or use your email for any other purpose than technical troubleshooting and only if absolutely necessary. You may choose to use our ‘Public’ API which won’t identify you at all. More information can be found in the etiquette section of our REST API documentation.
Asking for support
If you ask for support and raise a ticket with our support team, the information to send will be stored in our ticketing system, Zendesk. We don’t use your contact information for anything other than resolving your support ticket, and any logins or private details provided during a support conversation are secure.
Comments on our blog or community forum
We are using a platform called Disqus to enable comments on our blog and you may control your privacy settings if you have an account there. Conversations among the Crossref community can be made on our discussion forum at community.crossref.org which uses Discourse. Discourse is an open source platform that asks people for minimal information such as your name, alias (name you wish to display), and your email address. We may use your email address to answer your questions and feedback, but we do not store it in our email database so you won’t receive newsletters and other emails unless you specifically sign up.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Like many sites, we use “cookies” to collect basic information in order to allow us to serve you better and improve your experience while visiting our website. Cookies are not used to retain personal data. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.
Email privacy
We categorically do not under any circumstances—however persuasive—sell or rent email addresses with parties outside of Crossref. On rare occasions—and only where it prevents you from using a service you’ve signed up for—we may need to provide a contact email address to a supplier or partner in order for you to receive important information or technical support.
Retaining your information
We will keep your information as long as it is necessary to fulfill the purpose for which you gave us the information. We may delete your personal information if the information is incomplete or inaccurate. We may also keep personal information where it is necessary to comply with legal obligations, resolve disputes, and comply with or enforce agreements. While there is not a specific length of time for which we may keep your information, we keep it only as long as we have a permissible purpose for processing it.
Links to other sites
Our website may contain links to some other sites. We can’t be responsible for the privacy policies and content of these other sites, nor whether they’ve maintained the links persistently. If you tell us that some links might be questionable, we will look into removing the link.
Security
Crossref has taken steps to ensure that personal information collected is secure. However, no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Transfer
We will not share your personal information with third parties, except as we describe in this policy or as separately authorized by you. We may share some of your information with companies that perform support services to us, such as accounting or legal firms, firms that provide data hosting or database management services, and other technical support. These third parties are required to maintain the confidentiality of your personal information and to use your personal information only in providing services to us. In rare circumstances, your personal information may be disclosed to third parties to comply with applicable laws and regulations. Any other disclosure of your personal information will only be made following your express consent.
Crossref is registered in the United States. Wherever you are located, any of the data you provide to Crossref may be transferred to the United States, where data protection and privacy laws may be different, and less rigorous, than the laws in your country.
Accessing, correcting, and removing information
Unless there is an exemption or other applicable law, you have the right to withdraw your consent to us processing your personal data, including the transfer of that information to the United States. You also have a right to request copies of your personal data and request that we correct any information that is inaccurate or out of date, or to ask that it be erased where it is no longer necessary for us to have the data.
Where your data has been provided to us by another organization, such as a publisher, you should contact that organization in the first instance. If you have provided your information directly to us, or if you have any other questions about this notice or want additional information, you should contact us directly.
Changes to this privacy policy
This privacy policy is effective as of May 2018 and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.
We reserve the right to update or change our privacy policy at any time and you should check back periodically.
Please email us with any questions about privacy.
Page owner: Ginny Hendricks   |   Last updated 2018-May-24
The content of this site is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License
Privacy