http://www.donnarosestewart.com/privacy.html
donnarosestewart.com
Privacy
Policy
I
(Donna Rose Stewart) will not sell, rent, or trade any information that you share
with me without your express permission. My site meter recognizes your local server
(IP), but not your email address, and is used for statistical purposes only (to
help me evaluate the popularity of the different pages). I do not use cookies
or tracking mechanisms that collect personally identifying information on my website.
For
those of you who opt to send me your email address or any other information, I
will not use any of said information for any purpose other than to comply to your
request &/or to notify you of future related items of interest.
Be
aware that the Guestbook is considered public domain and do not include any information
you would not want the world to see. Also, I moderate my Guestbook, and reserve
the right to delete any entries I consider to be unsuitable for a family-friendly
website.
Also,
be aware that Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your
site and uses the DoubleClick
DART cookie which enables it to serve ads to users
based on their visits to websites. You may opt out of the use of the DART
cookie by visiting the Google
ad and content network privacy policy.
In general, third-party advertising companies serve ads when you visit this website.
These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email
address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in
order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices
about not having this information used by these companies, click here.
My
website is safe for children (see COPPA
below).
Copyright
Statement
This
web site, design, graphics, and all written content (unless otherwise specified)
are Copyright © 2000-2008 Donna Rose Stewart, All Rights Reserved.
No part of this website, its design, graphics, or written content
may be copied, downloaded or distributed in any form without written
permission from me, Donna Rose Stewart.
To
the best of my knowledge, images used to create the graphics on my website, other
than my own images, are public domain or from other royalty free sources (unless
otherwise specified). Please, contact me if any of
these images belong to you or have a copyright.
The
images, other than my own, used to make my tags and websets are copyright compliant
to the original artists.
All
logos and graphics on the Memberships, Awards, and WebRing pages
remain the property and copyright of their individual creators.
Scripture
quotations taken from the New American Standard Bible®, Copyright
© 1960, 1962, 1963, 1968, 1971, 1972, 1973, 1975, 1977, 1995
by The Lockman Foundation. Used by permission. (www.Lockman.org)
Scripture
taken from the HOLY BIBLE, NEW INTERNATIONAL VERSION®. Copyright
© 1973, 1978, 1984 International Bible Society. Used by permission
of Zondervan. All rights reserved. (http://www.ibs.org/)
Scripture
taken from The Message. Copyright © 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996,
2000, 2001, 2002. Used by permission of NavPress Publishing Group.
(http://www.navpress.com/)
COPPA
This
website complies with the Children's Online Privacy Protection
Act (COPPA*).
No child under the age of 13 should sign my Guestbook or contact
me without WRITTEN PARENTAL CONSENT and/or GUARDIAN CONSENT.
* opens in new window
HOME
Copyright
© 2000-2008
Donna Rose Stewart, All Rights Reserved
Home
:: Intro
:: Teacher
:: Singer
:: Dancer
:: Journaler
:: Christian
:: Profile
:: dansing
Designs :: dansing
Arts Store :: dansing
Holistic Fitness :: Awards
:: Memberships
:: Gifts
:: WebRings
:: Links
:: Privacy
Policy
:: Site
Map :: Blog*
:: Guestbook*
:: Contact
:: Donate
:: Donna's
Journeys*
:: Fae
Songbird's Faerie Garden*