http://www.divorcecourt.com/privacy-policy
Videos
Full Episodes
Clips
On The Show
Show History
Meet Judge Faith
Be On The Show
Where To Watch
Divorce Court Watch Schedule
Resources
Help Lines
Dictionary
Related Sites
Dish Nation
Laughs TV Show
25 Words or Less
Follow On Social
Watch On TV
See Where To Watch Divorce Court
Court Update
WE ARE CASTING OUR NEW SEASON
Get Judge Faith’s Help With Your Relationship! Click BE ON THE SHOW Below To Apply.
Social Connect
Explore
Videos
Full Episodes
Show Clips
The Show
Show History
Meet Judge Faith
Behind The
Scenes
Where To Watch
Resources
Help Lines
Dictionary
Be On The Show
Legal Information
Privacy Policy
What’s Changed
As a result of a recent corporate transaction between 21st Century Fox and The Walt Disney Company, Divorce Court under Lincolnwood Drive Inc. has become part of the newly formed Fox Corporation. We have updated the information about our corporate affiliates in the privacy policy accordingly.
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: March 2019
Table of Contents:
1. SCOPE AND APPLICATION: What and who this Policy covers
2. COLLECTION OF INFORMATION: The sources of and methods by which we, our service providers and our advertisers collect information from and about you, including information about your interaction with the Company Services
3. USE AND DISCLOSURE: How we use the information we collect from and about you, and who we might share it with and why.
4. SECURITY: How we protect your information from loss or misuse
5. USER ACCESS AND CONTROL: How you can access and control the information we maintain about you
6. OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION: Other things you should know about this Policy and how we handle your information
7. CONTACT US: How to contact Lincolnwood Drive Inc. about this Policy
1. SCOPE AND APPLICATION
Lincolnwood Drive, Inc. (“Company name” or “we”) wants you to be familiar with how we collect, use and disclose information from and about you.  This Privacy Policy describes our practices in connection with information collected through services such as websites, mobile sites, applications (“apps”), and widgets (collectively, the “Company Services”).  By using Company Services, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.  A list of our affiliated companies (“Company Affiliates”) is available at foxcorporation.com
As set forth in our Terms of Use, the Company Services are for a general audience, are not targeted to children, and do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age.
This Privacy Policy applies to all users, including both those who use the Company Services without being registered with [or subscribing to] a Company Service and those who have registered with [or subscribed to] a Company Service.  This Privacy Policy applies to Company’s collection and use of your personal information (i.e., information that identifies a specific person, such as full name or email address).  It also describes generally Company’s practices for handling non-personal information (for example, interests, demographics and services usage).
2. COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
Company and our service providers collect the following information from and about you:
Registration Information is the information you submit to register for a Company Service, for example, [to create an account, post comments, receive a newsletter, or enter a contest or sweepstakes].  Registration Information may include, for example, name, email address, gender, zip code and birthday.
Public Information and Posts consist of comments or content that you post to the Company Services and the information about you that accompanies those posts or content, which may include a name, user name, comments, likes, status, profile information and picture.  Public Information and Posts are always public, which means they are available to everyone and may be displayed in search results on external search engines.
Information from Social Media.  If you access or log-in to a Company Service through a social media service or connect a Company Service to a social media service, the information we collect may also include your user ID and/or user name associated with that social media service, any information or content you have permitted the social media service to share with us, such as your profile picture, email address or friends lists, and any information you have made public in connection with that social media service.  When you access the Company Services through social media services or when you connect a Company Service to social media services, you are authorizing Company to collect, store, and use such information and content in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Activity Information.  When you access and interact with the Company Services, Company and its service providers may collect certain information about those visits.  For example, in order to permit your connection to the Company Services, our servers receive and record information about your computer, device, and browser, including potentially your IP address, browser type, and other software or hardware information.  If you access the Company Services from a mobile or other device, we may collect a unique device identifier assigned to that device, geolocation data (including your precise location), or other transactional information for that device.
Cookies and other tracking technologies (such as browser cookies, pixels, beacons, and Adobe Flash technology including cookies) are comprised of small bits of data.  Company’s websites, apps and other services send this data to your browser when you first request a web page and then store the data on your computer or other device so the website or app can access information when you make subsequent requests for pages from that service.  These technologies may also be used to collect and store information about your usage of the Company Services, such as pages you have visited, the video and other content you have viewed, search queries you have run and advertisements you have seen.
Third parties that support the Company Services by serving advertisements or providing services, such as allowing you to share content or tracking aggregate Company Services usage statistics, may also use these technologies to collect similar information when you use the Company Services or third-party services.  These third parties may also use these technologies, along with Activity Information they collect, to recognize you across the devices you use, such as a mobile device and a laptop or other computer.  Company does not control these third-party technologies and their use is governed by the privacy policies of third parties using such technologies.  For more information about third-party advertising networks and similar entities that use these technologies, including your choices with respect to them, see the section entitled “To deliver relevant advertisements,” below.
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies, but you can change your settings to notify you when a cookie is being set or updated, or to block cookies altogether.  Please consult the “Help” section of your browser for more information.  Users can manage the use of Flash technologies, with the Flash management tools available at Adobe’s website, seehttp://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager.html.  Please note that by blocking any or all cookies you may not have access to certain features, content or personalization available through the Company Services.
Please visit our EU Cookie Policy [LINK] for more information.
Information from Other Sources.  We may supplement the information we collect with information from other sources, such as publicly available information from social media services, commercially available sources and information from our Company Affiliates or business partners.
Do Not Track Signals.  At this time we do not respond to browser ‘Do Not Track’ signals, as we await the work of interested stakeholders and others to develop standards for how such signals should be interpreted.
3. USE AND DISCLOSURE
We use the information we collect from and about you to provide the Company Services and features to you, including: to measure and improve those Company Services and features and to develop new products and services; to improve your experience with both online and off-line Company Services by delivering content you will find relevant and interesting, including advertising and marketing messages; to allow you to comment on content, and participate in online games, contests, other promotions, or rewards programs; to provide you with customer support and to respond to inquiries.  In order to provide you with content and advertising that is more interesting and relevant to you, we may use the information from and about you to make inferences and predictions about your potential areas of interest.  When the information collected from or about you does not identify you as a specific person, we may use that information for any purpose or share it with third parties, to the extent permitted by applicable law.
We use the information we collect from and about you for these additional purposes:
To allow service providers to assist us in providing and managing the Company Services.  The information we collect from and about you may be made available to certain third party service providers, such as contractors, analytics and other measurement companies, agents or sponsors, who help us analyze and understand your use of the Company Services, and manage and/or provide the Company Services.
To allow social sharing functionality.  If you log in with or connect a social media service account with Company Services, we may share your user name, picture, and likes, as well as your activities and comments with other Company Services users and with your friends associated with your social media service.  We may also share the same information with the social media service provider.  By logging in with or connecting your Company Services account with a social media service, you are authorizing us to share information we collect from and about you with the social media service provider, other users and your friends and you understand that the social media service’s use of the shared information will be governed by the social media service’s privacy policy.  If you do not want your personal information shared in this way, please do not connect your social media service account with your Company Services account and do not participate in social sharing on Company Services.
To provide co-branded services and features.  We may offer co-branded services or features, such as contests, sweepstakes or other promotions together with a third party (“Co-Branded Services”).  These Co-Branded Services may be hosted on Company Services or on the third party’s service.  By virtue of these relationships, we may share the information you submit in connection with the Co-Branded Service with the third party.  The third party’s use of your information will be governed by the third party’s privacy policy.
To deliver relevant advertisements.  Company and our service providers may use the information we collect from and about you to deliver relevant ads to you when you use the Company Services (on any of your devices) or another service.  As noted above, third-party advertising networks and advertisers may use cookies and similar technologies to collect and track information such as demographic information, inferred interests, aggregated information, and information the different devices you use and your activity on such devices, to assist them in delivering advertising that is more relevant to your interests.  To find out more about third-party advertising networks and similar entities that use these technologies, see www.aboutads.info.  If you would like to opt-out of such ad networks’ and services’ advertising practices on the particular device on which you are accessing this policy, go to www.aboutads.info/choices to opt-out in desktop and mobile web browsers.  You may download the AppChoices app at to opt-out in mobile apps.
To contact you.  Company may periodically send promotional materials or notifications related to the Company Services.  If you want to stop receiving promotional materials, you can change your account setting [describe applicable way to opt out] or follow the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.  There are certain service notification emails that you may not opt-out of such as notifications of changes to the Company Services or policies.  If you have installed a mobile app and you wish to stop receiving push notifications, you can change the settings either on your mobile device or through the app.
To share with our Company Affiliates.  Company may share your information with Company Affiliates for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.  A link to a website that lists Company Affiliates can be found at the beginning of this policy.  Users who visit Company Affiliates’ services should still refer to their separate privacy policies, which may differ in some respects from this Privacy Policy. Lincolnwood Drive Inc. are the parties responsible for the management of the jointly-used personal information.]
To share with business partners.  Company may share your information with business partners to permit them to send you marketing communications consistent with your choices.
To protect the rights of Company and others.  There may be instances when Company may use or disclose your information, including situations where Company has a good faith belief that such use or disclosure is necessary in order to: (i) protect, enforce, or defend the legal rights, privacy, safety, or property of Company, our Company Affiliates or their employees, agents and contractors (including enforcement of our agreements and our terms of use); (ii) protect the safety, privacy, and security of users of the Company Services or members of the public; (iii) protect against fraud or for risk management purposes; (iv) comply with the law or legal process; or (v) respond to requests from public and government authorities.
To complete a merger or sale of assets.  If Company sells all or part of its business or makes a sale or transfer of its assets or is otherwise involved in a merger or transfer of all or a material part of its business (including in connection with a bankruptcy or similar proceedings), Company may transfer your information to the party or parties involved in the transaction as part of that transaction.
4. SECURITY
Company uses commercially reasonable administrative, technical, personnel and physical measures to safeguard information in its possession against loss, theft and unauthorized use, disclosure or modification.  However, no one can guarantee the complete safety of your information.
5. USER ACCESS AND CONTROL
If you would like to access, review, correct, update, suppress, or otherwise limit our use of your personal information you have previously provided directly to us, you may contact us as outlined in Section 7. In your request, please include your email address, name, address, and telephone number and specify clearly what information you would like to access, change, update, or suppress.  We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable.
6. OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION
Updates to Privacy Policy.  Company may modify this Privacy Policy.  Please look at the Effective Date at the top of this Privacy Policy to see when this Privacy Policy was last revised.  Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the Company Services.
Location of Data.  The Company Services are hosted in and managed from the United States.  If you are a user located outside the United States, you understand and consent to having any personal information processed in the United States.  United States data protection and other relevant laws may not be the same as those in your jurisdiction. This includes the use of cookies and other tracking technologies as described above.  In certain circumstances, courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies or security authorities in the United States may be entitled to access your personal information.  As a result, please read this Privacy Policy with care.
Linked Services.  The Company Services may be linked to sites operated by unaffiliated companies, and may carry advertisements or offer content, functionality, games, newsletters, contests or sweepstakes, or applications developed and maintained by unaffiliated companies.  Company is not responsible for the privacy practices of unaffiliated companies and once you leave the Company Services or click an advertisement you should check the applicable privacy policy of the other service.
In addition, Company is not responsible for the privacy or data security practices of other organizations, such as Facebook, Tumblr, Twitter, Apple, Google, Microsoft or any other app developer, app provider, social media platform provider, operating system provider, wireless service provider, or device manufacturer, including in connection with any information you disclose to other organizations through or in connection with the Company Services.
Collection of Personal Financial Information by a Payment Service. In some cases, we may use an unaffiliated payment service to allow you to purchase a product or make payments (“Payment Service”).  If you wish to purchase a product or make a payment using a Payment Service, you will be directed to a Payment Service webpage.  Any information that you provide to a Payment Service will be subject to the applicable Payment Service’s privacy policy, rather than this Privacy Policy.  We have no control over, and are not responsible for, any Payment Service’s use of information collected through any Payment Service.
Data Retention.  We will retain your information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or allowed by law.
Remember that even after you cancel your account, copies of some information from your account may remain viewable in some circumstances where, for example, you have shared information with social media or other services.  Because of the nature of caching technology, your account may not be instantly inaccessible to others.  We may also retain backup information related to your account on our servers for some time after cancelation for fraud detection or to comply with applicable law or our internal security policies.  It is not always possible to completely remove or delete all of your information due to technical constraints, contractual, financial or legal requirements.
Sensitive Information.  We ask that you not send us, and you not disclose, any sensitive personal information (such as social security numbers, information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, criminal background or trade union membership) on or through the Company Services or otherwise.
7. CONTACT US
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
Email: privacy-scpi@foxtv.com
By mail: Lincolnwood Drive, Inc., 1999 S. Bundy Drive, 3rd Floor, Los Angeles, CA 90025, Attn: Stephen Brown/Production
By telephone: (310) 584-2256
By fax: (310) 584-2258
Stream Online
No Excuse To Miss An Episode
Watch Divorce Court Episodes Online
Watch your favorite full episodes of Divorce Court online on these streaming platforms.
Videos
Full Episodes
Clips
On The Show
Show History
Meet Judge Faith
Be On The Show
Where To Watch
Watch Schedule
Resources
Help Lines
Dictionary
Related Sites
Dish Nation A
nightly entertainment news program
Laughs TV Show
Comedy packed videos
25 Words or Less The
show where every word counts
Follow Social
TM and © 2019 Lincolnwood Drive Inc. All rights reserved.
Use of this website assumes acceptance of the Updated Privacy
Policy
and
Terms & Conditions.