http://www.noripcord.com/legal
No Ripcord | Independent Music & Film Magazine
Home
Reviews
Singles
Features
Film Reviews
Film & TV
Believe The Hype
Podcasts
Lists
Search this site:
Term & Conditions
Last Updated: March 13, 2011
Welcome to No Ripcord. This page outlines our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. If you have any questions regarding anything outlined here please use the site contact form.
Terms of Use
Please read these terms of use carefully as this is a contract between us. By using this Website (as defined below), you accept all terms, conditions and responsibilities of this agreement in exchange for our agreement to provide you with the information, content, music, and other benefits of visiting the Website.
1. Introduction
No Ripcord (“www.noripcord.com”, “the Website”) can be accessed via the World Wide Web, mobile telephones, RSS feed, digital television, and other similar devices.
In this agreement, the term Website includes all websites and web pages within the Website as well as any equivalent, mirror, replacement, substitute, redirected or backup websites and web pages thereto and thereof. Your use of this Website is subject to these Terms of Use. You agree to the Terms of Use by accessing this Website and/or by accepting any information from this Website. If you do not agree with any of these Terms of Use, do not use this Website. No Ripcord reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to modify, alter or otherwise change the Terms of Use at any time. Please check these Terms of Use periodically for changes. It is your sole responsibility to be aware of any chances to these Terms of Use. No Ripcord assumes (and by using this Website you warrant that) you have legal capacity to enter into the agreement set out in these Terms of Use.
This agreement does not cover your rights or responsibilities with respect to third party content, sites or any links that may direct your browser or your connection to third party sites or pages. You shall be responsible and shall indemnify No Ripcord for any claims related to such activities. This is the entire and exclusive agreement between you and No Ripcord regarding use of the Website and it cannot be modified, except as specifically described herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any downloadable widget, computer software, player, or other downloadable files linked from the Website may or may not be under our control and you assume the full responsibility and legal responsibility with respect to any downloaded media, content, files, music, artwork, information, text, or photographs (collectively, "Materials") located or found on the Website. All Materials contained and existing on the Website are protected by British and international copyright law, and other international laws.
No Ripcord is offered and made available only to users 13 years of age or older. If you are not yet 13 years old, please discontinue using this Website immediately. If, for any reason, you do not agree with all of the terms and conditions contained herein, please discontinue using the Website immediately.
The Website and the information contained in reference herein are for informational and entertainment purposes only. Despite our efforts to provide useful and accurate information, errors may appear from time to time. Before you act on information you've found on the Website, you should confirm any facts that are important to your decision. You may print material from the Website for personal or educational purposes only, and you must include any copyright notice originally included with the Materials in all copies. (Please refer to the Copyright and Trademark Notice below). You may not modify or use the Materials for any other purpose without our express written consent. You may not reproduce, republish, post, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, or distribute in print or electronically any Material published or provided on this Website without prior written consent from the Editor (“David Coleman”).
This Website and its information providers make no warranty as to the reliability, accuracy, timeliness, usefulness or completeness of the information on the Website. No Ripcord is not responsible for, and cannot guarantee the performance of, the goods and services provided by any of our advertisers or others to whose websites we link, or the promotions or events promoted by the advertisers or sponsor who promote such events.
2. Ownership of Intellectual Property
All material contained on the site and the design of the site are copyright noripcord.com. If you want to use any content and materials on the Website you must obtain our prior written consent which we may withhold for whatever reason. You must not copy, use or modify our software in any manner. You acknowledge that we own the trademarks whether registered or unregistered in the name No Ripcord and any associated variations thereto together with any device marks, design or artwork ("the Trademarks").
3. Copyright Notice
This Website is the copyright of No Ripcord, all rights reserved.
4. Links
No Ripcord may contain links to other websites ("Linked Websites"). The Linked Websites are not under the control of No Ripcord and No Ripcord is not responsible for the contents of the Linked Websites. No Ripcord provides any Linked Websites to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any such Linked Websites is not an endorsement by No Ripcord in favour of any company offering Internet services, products or services on the Linked Websites.
Other sites may link without prior permission to the Website's home page only through a plain-text link. Permission must otherwise be granted by No Ripcord for any other type of link to the Website. Any third party Website that links to the Website (a) shall not create a frame, browse or border environment around any of the content of the Website; (b) may link to, but not replicate, Website content; (c) shall not state directly or imply that No Ripcord is endorsing or sponsoring it or its products or services; (d) shall not present false information about No Ripcord or its services; (e) shall not use No Ripcord trademarks without the prior written permission of No Ripcord; (f) shall not contain content that could be construed as distasteful, offensive, obscene or controversial; and (g) shall not otherwise violate any copyright interest of No Ripcord or other artist, band, label or affiliated party whose information and/or Material are available on the Website.
5. Comment Threads and Contact Forms
No Ripcord includes Comment Threads and Contact Forms. No Ripcord does not currently host messageboards or chat rooms, although we reserve the right to include such features in the future. We do not control the content posted in comment threads but we reserve the right to delete, remove and/or edit messages and postings if we consider your use of the community to be inappropriate or damaging in any way. Our decision shall be final. You must follow any rules that we set down in relation to the community but in particular you must not do any of the following:
a. Post messages that contain viruses or other things that can cause harm and damage
b. Impersonate a person or entity, misrepresent that you are connected with any person or entity,
c. Disguise the origin of messages, collect data, store data, include links to other Websites which we deem are unrelated, advertise goods or services or invite people to join any chain letter
d. Post messages with recommendations to buy any product or service, post messages which are abusive, unlawful, threatening, libellous, infringe copyrights or trademarks or post illegal content
e. Do anything which we consider to be detrimental to the running of the Website including stopping others from using the Website
By submitting messages to the comment threads you agree to indemnify noripcord.com and hold it harmless from any claims, including costs and expenses arising out of your postings that are in breach of this clause and agreement. In addition you hereby waive any rights you have or may have in relation to anonymity and anonymous postings and agree that we may disclose your name and personal details in the event that you are in breach of this clause and agreement.
You hereby agree that we may use any messages or content submitted by you on a royalty free basis and agree that we may use and alter the same in any manner whatsoever and you waive any and all moral rights in the messages and content submitted by you.
Users of this Website may post their e-mail addresses in public areas such as Comment Threads. In the event such posting are made, you agree not to utilize these e-mail addresses for purposes of spamming (i.e., unsolicited e-mail).
By submitting material to the Website, you are representing that you are the owner of the material or are making your submission with the express consent of the owner. Submitting material that is the property of another, without the consent of its owner, is not only a violation of this Agreement but may also subject you to legal liability for copyright, trademark or other intellectual property infringement.
All material you submit to the Website, including e-mails, becomes the sole and exclusive property of No Ripcord. No Ripcord may reproduce, distribute, display, exhibit and otherwise exploit that material in all markets and media now known or hereafter devised throughout the Universe in perpetuity without payment of any compensation or other consideration to you. You hereby waive all moral rights you may have in and to that material. No Ripcord does not consider any material you submit to the Website to be confidential or proprietary.
6. Promotions and Contests
The Website may, from time to time, contain contests and promotions that require you to send material or information about yourself. These contests or promotions may be governed by a separate set of rules that may have eligibility requirements. It is your responsibility to read such rules to determine whether your participation, registration and/or entry are valid. You agree to read and comply with such rules before entering any contests or promotions on this Website.
7. Membership and registration
Certain areas of this Website are only accessible to registered contributors, staff writers and editors (“Authenticated Users”). Authenticated User status is awarded on application to contribute to No Ripcord. The Editor-In-Chief (“David Coleman”) reserves the sole right to grant, refuse, and remove Authenticated User status at any time, without any explanation or explicit reason. It is the Authenticated User's responsibility to choose a user name and password. It is the Authenticated User's responsibility alone to ensure the confidentiality of that name and password. No Ripcord reserves the right to reject any user name that is, in No Ripcord's sole and absolute judgement, offensive. You agree to notify No Ripcord of any unauthorized use of your user name and/or password. Authenticated Users must be at least 13 years old to use the Website.
8. Disclaimer of Liability
Whilst we try to ensure the accuracy of everything on No Ripcord to the extent permitted by law, we do not accept any responsibility for any statement in the material. You must not rely on any statement we have published on No Ripcord as we make no warranty express or implied concerning the content. If you are in doubt seek specialist professional advice. Nothing in the material is provided for any specific purpose or at the request of any particular person. For the avoidance of confusion, we will not be liable for any loss caused as a result of your doing, or not doing, anything as a result of viewing, reading or listening to the material or any part of it (except for death or personal injury attributable to our negligence and to the extent permitted at law).
No Ripcord does not represent nor warrant that the website will be free of viruses or other harmful components. You are solely responsible for any damage to your computer system or loss of data that results from any material and/or data downloaded from or otherwise provided through the website.
No Ripcord disclaims any warranties of any kind, either express or implied including, but not limited to, warranties of title or implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose for any information, product or service offered on this website.
No Ripcord is not liable for any injury arising out of the use of this website including, without limitation, liability for consequential, special, incidental, indirect or similar damages even if we are advised beforehand of the possibility of such damages. No Ripcord is not liable for the defamatory, offensive or illegal conduct of other users including Authenticated Users or third parties and that the risk of injury from the foregoing rests entirely with you. You agree that No Ripcord's liability arising out of any kind of legal claim in any way connected to this website shall not exceed the amount you paid to No Ripcord for the use of the website.
9. Submissions
Registered contributors, staff writers and editors (“Authenticated Users”) to our site may submit material for publication in various areas of the site, including our Reviews and Features section, as well as contributing to Comment Threads. No Ripcord accepts no liability in respect of any material submitted by Authenticated Users and published by us and we are not responsible for its content and accuracy.
If an Authenticated User wishes to submit material to us for publication on noripcord.com, they may do so on the following terms and conditions:
a. The publication of any material you submit to us will be at our sole discretion. We reserve the right to make additions or deletions to the text or graphics prior to publication, or to refuse publication. You grant us a non-exclusive, perpetual, royalty-free, worldwide license to republish any material you submit to us in any format, including without limitation print and electronic format
b. You warrant to us that any material you submit to us is your own original work and that you own the copyright and any other relevant rights
c. You warrant that the material you submit is not obscene, offensive, defamatory of any person or otherwise illegal
d. You agree not to post material which is deliberately intended to upset other users
e. You acknowledge that any breach of these warranties may cause us damage or loss and you agree to indemnify No Ripcord in full and permanently against any third party liabilities, claims, costs, loss or damage we incur as a result of publishing material you submit to us, including consequential losses
f. We reserve the right to remove your access to staff areas completely if we believe you are abusing the services in any way.
No Ripcord shall have the right but not the obligation to monitor, from time to time, the content of the Website including, without limitation, the Comment Threads to determine compliance with this Agreement and any operating rules established by No Ripcord and to satisfy any law, regulation or authorised government request.
No Ripcord shall have the right in its sole and absolute discretion to edit, refuse to post or remove any material submitted to or posted on the Website.
By using the Website, you agree not to post any content which libels, defames, invades privacy or is indecent, obscene, pornographic, abusive, threatening, illegal, solicits gambling or engages in any gambling activity, contains a virus or other harmful component, infringes on the ability of others to enjoy the Website or that infringes on the rights of others including, without limitation, any intellectual property rights of any entity or person, impersonates or misrepresents your connection to any other entity or person or otherwise manipulates headers or identifiers to disguise the origin of the content, contains links to other sites that contain the kind of content which falls within the description set out above.
No Ripcord reserves the right to delete, move or edit any content and refuse access to anyone who No Ripcord believes in its sole and absolute discretion has violated these terms or any other term of this Agreement. You hereby waive any and all rights you may have with respect to the alteration, modification or removal of any such content. No Ripcord additionally reserves the right to terminate this Agreement against any further use of any person or entity who violates any term of this Agreement. If No Ripcord receives a request to disclose the identities of users who post content to the Website and if No Ripcord discloses the identify of a user pursuant to its Terms And Conditions of Use or its Privacy Policy, you understand and agree that we may do so and you waive all rights in connection therewith.
All material you submit to the Website, including e-mails, becomes the sole and exclusive property of No Ripcord. No Ripcord may reproduce, distribute, display, exhibit and otherwise exploit that material in all markets and media now known or hereafter devised throughout the Universe in perpetuity without payment of any compensation or other consideration to you. You hereby waive all moral rights you may have in and to that material. No Ripcord does not consider any material you submit to the Website to be confidential or proprietary.
10. Force Majeure
No Ripcord and its affiliates and associates will not be liable or deemed liable for any failure or delay or interruption to your access to the Website for whatever reason. We shall endeavour to provide the best access we can at all times but we do not guarantee access and we accept no responsibility or liability for any interruption or delay. We shall not be liable in any way for any computer viruses, theft, errors, unauthorized access, strike, severe weather, earthquake or any government restriction that affects your access and use of this site.
11. Governing Law & Jurisdiction
This agreement is governed by the laws of England and the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts but we reserve the right to bring proceedings, which shall be the right of No Ripcord exclusively, in courts of the country where you live.
12. Severability
If any portion of this Agreement is found to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other portion of this agreement which shall remain in full force and affect.
13. Notices
Any notices must be sent to us in writing at our last known place of business marked for the attention of the Editor (“David Coleman”)
14. Indemnification
You agree, at all times, to defend, indemnify and hold harmless No Ripcord, its respective affiliates and licensors and each of their respective directors, officers, employees, shareholders and agents from and against any and all claims, losses, actions, liabilities, damages, injuries, costs and expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys' fees, disbursements and court costs) arising out of, directly or indirectly, any use you make of the Website or your use of material on the Website and any violation by you of these Terms of Use. You agree not to take any action that interferes with the proper working of the Website, imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the Website's infrastructure, might compromise the security of the Website, render the Website inaccessible to others or otherwise cause damage to the Website or any content in the Website.
15. Entire Agreement
This Agreement, the Privacy Policy, and any rules for the Website established by No Ripcord constitutes the entire agreement between the parties concerning the subject matter hereof and supersedes all previous written or oral agreements between the parties with respect to that subject matter.
. . .
Privacy Policy
All personal details gathered will not be passed on to any third party outside No Ripcord unless this was agreed to during any registration process. All personal details shall only be viewed by authorised No Ripcord personnel, and stored in compliance with the Data Protection Act 1998. No Ripcord has no mailing list and registration is limited to staff members (Authenticated Users) only, although we reserve the right to have a mailing list and user registration in the future.
All your stored information and its association to us is done so to comply with British and European regulations for acceptable Internet privacy possession, yet outside of this territory different rules may apply. For this reason, if there are any issues you wish to raise with us of legal concern, we must hear about these in writing and in the event of any potential legal dispute will resolve all cases in UK courts.
Latest Music Reviews
Miley Cyrus - Plastic Hearts
Jack Name - Magic Touch
Kama Vardi - Moonticket
Hypoluxo - Hypoluxo
Tired Lion - Breakfast for Pathetics
Chris Stapleton - Starting Over
More Music Reviews
Latest Music Features
Quick Takes (November 2020 - covers edition)
Pool Holograph (Interview)
Quick Takes (October 2020)
Andrew Cedermark (Interview)
More Music Features
Latest Film Reviews
Parasite (Bong Joon-ho)
Once Upon a Time in Hollywood (Quentin Tarantino)
Brightburn (David Yarovesky)
More Film Reviews
Latest Film/TV Features
A Primer to the films in Competition at the 72nd Festival de Cannes
The films of 2017
South Korean Thrillers
More Film/TV Features
Latest Tweets from Noripcord
.@joeripcord has written a piece on music websites' shameless linkbaiting. Here's, um... a link to it http://t.co/wkPDz0e8oj
—
7 years 27 weeks ago
.@DJGREENLANTERN has remixed "Bounce", the new single from @IGGYAZALEA. Watch the video here http://t.co/otwi9xZnpU
—
7 years 27 weeks ago
Here's the brand new video for "Breakup Songs" by @deerhoof http://t.co/waGrkB9Xvw
—
7 years 27 weeks ago
Merge Records will re-release @mountain_goats' "All Hail West Texas" with extra tracks on 5th August in the UK
—
7 years 27 weeks ago
Techno duo @SldghmrOfficial make "I Just Want You To Know" available for free download through Soundcloud https://t.co/pjux2t93vM
—
7 years 27 weeks ago
Follow Noripcord.com on Twitter
Home
Reviews
Singles
Music Features
Film Reviews
Film & TV
Believe The Hype
Staff Lists
Podcasts
FAQ
About
Contact
Staff Roster
Staff Login
Noripcord.com Facebook Group
Noripcord.com Twitter Account
Noripcord.com magazine on Myspace
RSS feed
All content © Copyright 1999-2020 No Ripcord | Terms & Conditions | Design by ConnectionCube.com | Website development by Ronny López