http://www.drycreekphoto.com/privacy_policy.htm
Privacy Policy
Dry Creek Photo is committed to safeguarding the privacy of all visitors to our web site. We take this seriously. Some things simply are not for sale. Your trust in us is one of them.
Information we collect: When you browse our web site, we record the internet protocol (IP) address of your computer and the domain name and host you use to access the internet. Without this information, there would be no way for our server to communicate with your computer. We also collect information on what operating system and browser you use, the files you access and whether you were successful downloading them, and the internet address of any site that referred you to us. We use this information to help optimize our servers and tune our content. The only information we share with third parties are overall usage numbers: how many visitors view our site and how many times individual files are downloaded.
Email addresses and other personal information: Information you provide us, such as your name, email address, physical address, or telephone number will not be disclosed to third parties without your consent. The only exceptions are if we are required to do so by law or in the event that Dry Creek Photo has good faith belief that such disclosure is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Dry Creek Photo or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Dry Creek Photo and its web sites, or (c) protect the personal safety of users of Dry Creek Photo, its web sites, or the public.
Advertisements: We get many requests to place advertisements for other companies on our web site. We refuse them all. We will not place any ads for other sites, with their associated security and privacy risks on our pages.
Tracking cookies: We don't use them for any of our regular pages. The only exception are private, customer-specific
areas where an optional cookie is used to eliminate the need to re-authenticate access credentials.
Web bugs: No way. We do not use any of these. We're not shy; if we need information from you, we are not afraid to ask.
Other web sites: Please review the privacy policy of any web site accessed via a link on this site. Dry Creek Photo has neither control over nor responsibility for the privacy policies and practices of these linked sites.
Miscellaneous: Dry Creek Photo may change this policy in the future with or without notice.
For additional information, please
contact us.
© 2020, Dry Creek Photo. All Rights Reserved.
Home | Contact Us | Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions