http://www.ludlowcastle.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Who we are:
The Powis Estates are a collective of privately-owned property interests. Ownership is by way of various individuals and trust funds. The Estates are managed on a day to day basis from the Powis Castle Estate Office, Dairy Square, Red Lane, Welshpool. SY21 8RG.
Our commitment:
The Estate holds information about many individuals and organisations so that it can carry out its work efficiently and economically. The Estate is committed to holding all information about you securely and confidentially, whether you are a tenant or we need to hold information about you in relation to our work in properly managing the Estate. We record information when a member of the public makes contact with us and we will use their contact information to respond to the enquiry. To enable us to respond to an enquiry we may pass on details to the appropriate person in order to respond.. The Regulation requires us to provide you with certain information about the information we hold and this is set out below.
How we collect or obtain personal data about you:
We collect personal data about you when you provide it to us, such as when you contact us directly by email, telephone, in writing or in person. We may also receive data about you from third parties such as (but not exclusively) family members, other advisers, providers of services to you and other third party regulatory and professional bodies. The type of data we collect about you may include information such as your name, address, contact details and date of birth. We may also collect information such as your bank details or information in connection with your business or property. The type of information we will hold will depend on the relationship we have with you. We do not use cookies or otherwise collect data of who has looked at our website and we do not utilise records for profiling visitors to our website.
Storing and Sharing your information:
Information is held by the Powis Estates on a secure server based in the UK and in paper files which are stored securely when not in use. We also store information, such as telephone numbers, on mobile communication devices. All electronic equipment which may contain your personal information is protected by secure passwords and we have a contract with a third-party outside consultancy to provide IT software and security. Our IT service providers are able to access our systems for service and maintenance requirements. We may need to share information about you with various people and organisations connected to our business along with for other administrative, legal and regulatory requirements. We do have links on our website to other websites from time to time that we consider relevant to our website. We do not record whether you use such links. We are not responsible for the contents of any third party website and you should please satisfy yourself that you are content with the policies of such third party websites.
Why we need to hold this data and for how long:
The General Data Protection Regulation requires us to identify a legal basis for holding your information and to make you aware of your rights in connection with the information we hold. The lawful basis for which we hold date will be from one of the following:
Consent
Contract
Legal Obligation
Public Task
Vital Interest
Legitimate Interest
We hold information about various people in connection with the management of the Powis Estates. An example would be information about tenants of property where our lawful basis for holding this information is that we have a legitimate interest in holding the information in connection with the management of the property. We also hold information about our staff. The need for this arises through their contracts of employment and is therefore based on the lawful basis of contract. We also have a legal obligation and legitimate interest in holding this information to ensure compliance with our obligations as an employer.
Transfer to other countries and automated data processing:
We do not routinely transfer information to any other countries or undertake automated processing of personal data.
Criteria for retention:
We hold such information for a minimum of six years on our paper files, after which they may be destroyed under secure arrangements. We may hold such information for longer periods of time, sometimes indefinitely, if deemed sensible to do so for the proper record keeping of the Powis Estates.
Your rights:
You have rights to withdraw your consent and to erasure of information about you where this is the only lawful basis on which we hold your information. You have the right to erasure where the only basis for which we hold your information is contract. However, we may nevertheless have a legal obligation to retain your information for a limited period even where you seek erasure. You have no rights to erasure or objection where we have a legal obligation to hold information about you. You have a right to erasure and to object where we hold information for our legitimate interests. You have a right to complain to the Information Commissioners Office about the information we hold or the way we use it. If you wish to know what information we hold about you, please make a subject access request in writing to the Estate office. Our web site is hosted and maintained by Midland Computers. Their privacy policy can be found at https://www.midlandcomputers.com/
Part of
Our newsletter