http://www.manchesterguitartech.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Shop
About my lacquer
Lacquer FAQs
Buy Lacquer
Top coat
Colour
Solid Colours
Clear
Metallics
Semi-opaque
Primer
Sundries
Blog
Finish
Build
Repair
Upgrade
Setup
Electrics
how-to
Setups
Electrics
Repairs
Upgrades
Calculators
Nut calculator
Fret Calculator
Contact Me
£0.00
0
Privacy Policy
Who we are
Manchester Guitar Tech
is a trading name of Intelligent Artisan Limited. Company Registration No: 5987632. Registered Office: 95 Wythenshawe Road, Sale M33 2JZ
Our website address is: https://www.manchesterguitartech.co.uk.
This privacy policy will explain how our organization uses the personal data we collect from you when you use our website.
Topics:
What data do we collect?How do we collect your data?How will we use your data?How do we store your data?MarketingWhat are your data protection rights?What are cookies?How do we use cookies?What types of cookies do we use?How to manage your cookiesPrivacy policies of other websitesChanges to our privacy policyHow to contact usHow to contact the appropriate authorities
What data do we collect?
We collect the following data:
Personal identification information (Name, address email address, phone number)
How do we collect your data?
You directly provide Intelligent Artisan Limited with most of the data we collect. We collect data and process data when you register online or place an order for any of our products or services.
How will we use your data?
Intelligent Artisan Limited collects your data so that we can process your order and manage your account.
We will never share your data with anyone except the delivery companies necessary to deliver your order. This is currently DPD Local.
How do we store your data?
Intelligent Artisan Limited securely stores your data at Vision Internet in Hyde.
Intelligent Artisan Limited will keep your data for ten years. Once this time period has expired, we will delete your data.
What are your data protection rights?
Intelligent Artisan Limited would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights. Every user is entitled to the following:
The right to access – You have the right to request Intelligent Artisan Limited for copies of your personal data. We may charge you a small fee for this service.
The right to rectification – You have the right to request that Intelligent Artisan Limited correct any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request Intelligent Artisan Limited to complete the information you believe is incomplete.
The right to erasure – You have the right to request that Intelligent Artisan Limited erase your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to restrict processing – You have the right to request that Intelligent Artisan Limited restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to object to processing – You have the right to object to Intelligent Artisan Limited’s processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to data portability – You have the right to request that Intelligent Artisan Limited transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at our email:
Call us at: 07776 434987
Or write to us: gdpr@manchesterguitartech.co.uk
Cookies
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information. When you visit our websites, we may collect information from you automatically through cookies or similar technology
For further information, visit allaboutcookies.org.
How do we use cookies?
Intelligent Artisan Limited uses cookies as defined in our Cookie Policy
Changes to our privacy policy
Intelligent Artisan Limited keeps its privacy policy under regular review and places any updates on this web page. This privacy policy was last updated on 1 August 2020.
How to contact us
If you have any questions about Our Company’s privacy policy, the data we hold on you, or you would like to exercise one of your data protection rights, please do not hesitate to contact us.
Email us at: gdpr@manchesterguitartech.co.uk
Call us: 07776 434987
Or write to us at: 95 Wythenshawe Road M33 2JZ
How to contact the appropriate authority
Should you wish to report a complaint or if you feel that Our Company has not addressed your concern in a satisfactory manner, you may contact the Information Commissioner’s Office.
Search this site
Search
Shop for Nitrocellulose lacquer
Nitrocellulose lacquer in vintage colours suitable for finishing Fender and Gibson electric guitars.
Buy now Basic TechniquesGrain-filling an ash Telecaster body
More on preparation – sanding sealer and using an index coat
Spraying a Sunburst Stratocaster Body
Finishing an alder Telecaster body in metallic lacquer
Finishing an Ash Telecaster in Butterscotch nitrocellulose lacquer
Spraying a Gibson style TV Yellow finish
Latest repairs
Creating a Candy Apple Red finish
Spraying a Sunburst Stratocaster Body
Making a Mini Firebird
Gibson Les Paul Deluxe Goldtop Refinish
1961 Gibson Les Paul Junior Restoration
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Sandra Robinson ArtSandra Robinson Art
Copyright © 2020 · All Rights Reserved · manchesterguitartech.co.uk
Theme: Adventure v3 by Organic Themes