http://www.sfasu.edu/privacy
Skip to content
Skip to page navigation
About SFA
Academics
Admissions & Aid
Life at SFA
Arts & Athletics
Alumni & Giving
Stephen F. Austin State University
Enter a search term.
Search SFA
You are here:
SFA »
Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
Stephen F. Austin State University (SFASU) respects your privacy. Certain information collected by SFASU is protected under federal and state laws. However, because SFASU is a public institution, it is also obligated to comply with Texas Public Information Act. Some information collected from you, regardless of the means transmitted (in person, by mail, by email, through our web pages, or on web-based forms) may be subject to dissemination under this law.
However, SFASU is committed to protecting certain information, such as your credit card number or personal bank account information, which is not subject to dissemination under the Texas Public Information Act. This information will be collected on web pages using reasonable security protocols. Most current Internet browser software will display a symbol when a given page is using such security protocols. Refer to your browser help file for information.
Social Security Statement
Your Social Security Number (SSN) or your SFASU Campus Identification Number (CID) may be requested because it is a unique identification number which is maintained for the purpose of accuracy in tracking information. The disclosure of such information is voluntary. Disclosure of your SSN or SFASU CID is governed by the Public Information Act (Chapter 552 of the Texas Government Code).
Accuracy of Data Collected
With few exceptions, you have the right to inspect, copy, and correct personal information about you. To obtain this information, contact the Office of the General Counsel at (936) 468-4305 or by fax at (396) 468-3875.
Notice of Update
From time to time SFASU may update this privacy statement. The user of this site is responsible for reviewing this statement for updates.
SFA Home
Campus Safety
Contact SFA
Site Policies
Give to SFA
© 2020 SFASU 1936 North St., Nacogdoches TX 75962