http://www.wordshack.com/membership.shtml#privacy
Skip navigation
Home
What Is WordShack
Membership
Submitting Material
Publishing Costs
FAQs
News
Contact
Adventure
Children
Essay
Fiction
History
Humour
Mystery
Non-Fiction
Poetry
Romance
Science Fiction
Short Stories
Travel
War or Peace
Young Authors
text size: default | enlarged——servicing readers in 130 plus countries——110 free stories
MembershipComplete Member Form
Membership has its rewards. Our Members will become part of our team.
They will help us by writing reviews for the authors. They may contribute
to the scholarship program by voting for gifted Young Authors. Members
will also be informed of special features and events which will take place
periodically. Each member may submit one free story a year. Why not do
it now. The choices are all yours. May we be so bold as to suggest
that you might have a story worth sharing with our readers. If you are
interested in being one of our writers, visit the Submitting
Material page.
Privacy Policy
To Our Readers
WordShack Publishing
will never share or sell information which you have given us to any
entity. WordShack may choose to contact you with additional information
on authors or stories.
To Our Authors
WordShack Publishing
will never share or sell information you have given us. If contacted
by a Literary Agent regarding your work, we will pass the name and contact
information on to you the Author. You may then choose to contact that
person at your own convenience. Should you choose to publish under a
name not your own, we will hold your true name in the strictest of
confidence. We may ask your permission to share your future success with
our readers. We will do nothing in your name without first obtaining your
release.
Prose
Yes, it's hard to write, but it's harder not to.Carl
Van DorenAmerican
Critic/Biographergive a gift.
give a wordshack publishing gift certificate to your favorite author. it makes
a unique holiday gift. you won't have to leave home; simply click our gift
box and make someone's dream of being published come true. the entire process
is downloadable.
copyright ©2013 wordshack publishing. all rights reserved. | privacy sitemap