http://www.shakespearemag.com/privacy.asp
Search ShakespeareMag with Google
Home
Introduction
Meet Will
Authorship
Quotes
Books
DVDs
Archive
Notes and Teaching
Hamlet
Cinna from Julias Ceasar
Crime and Punishment
King Lear
Midsummer's Night's Dream
Twelfth Night
Sonnet 18
10 Things I Hate About You
Mary Ellen Dakin
Teaching Shakespeare
Shakespearean Theatre Companies in the UK
1623 Theatre Company
Abbey Shakespeare Company
Bournemouth Shakespeare Players
Brentwood Shakespeare Company
Cambridge Shakespeare Festival
Creation Theatre
Chiltern Shakespeare Company
EUSA Shakespeare Company
Farnham Shakespeare Company
Guildford Shakespeare Company
Millfield Arts Centre
Northern Broadsides Theatre Company
Octagon Theatre
Pitlochry Festival Theatre
Royal Shakespeare Company
Shakespeare's Globe Theatre
Stamford Shakespeare Company
Theatre Royal
The Castle Players
Tobacco Factory Theatre
Privacy Policy
ShakespeareMag.com is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
This Privacy Policy provides an explanation as to what happens to any personal data that you provide to us, or that we collect from you.
We may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from June, 2013.
Information We Collect
Details of your visits to our website and the resources that you access, including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data.
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our website.
Information provided to us when you communicate with us for any reason.
Use of Your Information
The information that we collect and store relating to you is primarily used to enable us to provide our services to you. In addition, we may use the information for the following purposes:
To provide you with information requested from us, relating to our products or services. To provide information on other products which we feel may be of interest to you, where you have consented to receive such information.
To notify you about any changes to our website, such as improvements or service/product changes, that may affect our service.
If you do not want us to use your data for our or third parties you will have the opportunity to withhold your consent to this when you provide your details to us on the form on which we collect your data.
Please be advised that we do not reveal information about identifiable individuals to our advertisers but we may, on occasion, provide them with aggregate statistical information about our visitors.
Storing Your Personal Data
Data that is provided to us is stored on our secure servers. Details relating to any transactions entered into on our site will be encrypted to ensure its safety.
The transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure and therefore we cannot guarantee the security of data sent to us electronically and transmission of such data is therefore entirely at your own risk. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password so that you can access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential.
Third Party Links
You might find links to third party websites on our website. These websites should have their own privacy policies which you should check. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for their policies whatsoever as we have no control over them.
Access to Information
Should you wish to receive details that we hold about you please contact us using the feedback form.
Contacting Us
We welcome any queries, comments or requests you may have regarding this Privacy Policy.
ShakespeareMag.com
© ShakespeareMag.com - All Rights Reserved 2013 - 2020
Home About Feedback
Privacy