http://www.mynetworktv.com/legal/privacy-policy
MyNetworkTV Inc's Privacy Policy
Effective May 31, 2019
Summary of the MyNetworkTV, Inc. Privacy Policy:
1. INTRODUCTION - The Introduction identifies the basic MyNetworkTV Services
covered by this Privacy Policy and provides a brief overview of what this
Privacy Policy covers.
2. SUBMISSION AND COLLECTION OF INFORMATION - This section addresses the
collection of non-personally identifiable information via cookies and related
technologies by MyNetworkTV and third parties.
3. NOTICE - This section provides information on how MyNetworkTV notifies
users about future Policy changes, where MyNetworkTV stores data, and
third-party websites that may link to the MyNetworkTV Services.
4. USE AND DISCLOSURE - This section describes how MyNetworkTV uses your
information to provide and manage the MyNetworkTV Services, including when
MyNetworkTV may disclose your information to third parties that assist
MyNetworkTV in providing those services.
5. SECURITY - This section describes MyNetworkTV's security measures.
6. CONTACT US - This section instructs users how to contact MyNetworkTV.
1. INTRODUCTION
FOX Television Stations operates MyNetworkTV.com ("MyNetworkTV), which is a
website featuring content supplemental to the MyNetworkTV programming service.
The services MNTV offers include MyNetworkTV shows and the other features,
content, or applications offered from time to time in connection with the
programming service, including when the programs are accessed via the Internet,
mobile or other device (collectively, the "MyNetworkTV Services"). FTS is
part of the United States based operations of FOX Corporation.
As set forth in our Terms of Use, MyNetworkTV is a general audience site, is
not targeted to children, and does not knowingly collect personal information
from children under 13 years of age.
This Privacy Policy applies to all users. This Policy describes the collection
and use of users' personal information on MyNetworkTV. It also describes
generally MyNetworkTV's practices for handling non-personally identifiable
information (e.g., interests, demographics and site usage) to the extent such
information is associated with a particular user or user account.
2. SUBMISSION AND COLLECTION OF INFORMATION ON MYNETWORKTV SERVICES
User Submitted Information Registration Information is the information that
users must provide to MyNetworkTV at registration for or upon subscription to
a MyNetworkTV Service, for example, to submit a case, create an account, enter
contests, promotions or sweepstakes, receive a newsletter, play a game or take
a survey.
MyNetworkTV Collected Information MyNetworkTV Site Activity Information. When
users access the MyNetworkTV Services, we may collect certain non-personally
identifiable information about those visits. For example, in order to permit
your connection to the MyNetworkTV Services, our servers receive and record
information about your computer and browser, including potentially your IP
address, browser type, and other software or hardware information. If you
access the MyNetworkTV Services from a mobile or other device, we may collect
a unique device identifier assigned to that device or other transactional
information for that device in order to serve content to it. We also may use
cookies and other tracking technologies (including browser cookies, pixels,
beacons, and Adobe Flash technology including cookies), which are comprised of
small bits of data that often include an anonymous unique identifier. Websites
send this data to your browser when you first request a web page and then
store the data on your computer so that MyNetworkTV can access information
when you make subsequent requests for pages from that site. We may use these
technologies to collect and store information about your usage of the
MyNetworkTV Services, such as pages you have visited, search queries you have
run, and advertisements you have seen.
Third parties that support the MyNetworkTV Services by serving advertisements
or providing services, such as allowing users to share content or tracking
aggregate site usage statistics, may also use these technologies to collect
similar information. MyNetworkTV does not control these third-party
technologies and their use is governed by the privacy policies of third
parties using such technologies. For more information about third-party ad
networks that use these technologies, see www.aboutads.info.
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies, but you can change your
settings to notify you when a cookie is being set or updated, or to block
cookies altogether. Please consult the "Help" section of your browser for more
information (e.g.,
http://windows.microsoft.com/en-US/windows-vista/Block-or-allow-cookies).
Users can manage the use of Flash technologies, including cookies, with the
Flash management tools available at Adobe's website, see
http://www.adobe.com/products/flashplayer/security/privacy_policy/faq.html.
Please note that by blocking any or all cookies you may not have access to
certain features or personalization available through the MyNetworkTV
Services. Third Parties. To improve the quality of the MyNetworkTV Services,
we may supplement the information we collect with information from third
parties. If you access the MyNetworkTV Services through a third-party
connection or log-in, we may also collect your user ID and/or user name
associated with that third-party service, or any information you have made
public in connection with that service and which the third party shares with
partner services.
3. NOTICE & CHOICE
Means of Notice. This Privacy Policy is the primary means by which MyNetworkTV
provides you with notice about its collection and use of your information.
Privacy Policy Changes. MyNetworkTV may modify this Privacy Policy as
necessary. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy that expand our
rights to use your personal information, we will notify you to seek your
consent through email or a prominent posting on the site.
Location of Data. The MyNetworkTV Services are hosted in the United States. If
you are a user located outside the United States, you understand and consent
to having any personal information you provide transferred to and processed in
the United States. U.S. data protection and other relevant laws may not be the
same as those in your jurisdiction. As a result, please read this Privacy
Policy with care.
Linked Websites. The MyNetworkTV Services may also be linked to sites or
services operated by MyNetworkTV affiliates (i.e., that are part of the News
America Group: "Affiliated Companies") or third parties, and may carry
advertisements or offer content, functionality, games, newsletters, contests
or sweepstakes, or applications developed and maintained by third parties.
MyNetworkTV is not responsible for the privacy practices of any such third
parties, and once you submit information directly to a third party, leave the
MyNetworkTV Services via a link, enable a third-party service, or click an
advertisement, you should check the applicable privacy policy of that
third-party. Additionally, although all Affiliated Companies adhere to the
News Corporation corporate Privacy Principles, users who visit an Affiliated
Company site should still refer to its separate privacy policy, which may
differ in some respects from this Privacy Policy. Collection of Personal
Financial Information by a Third Party. If you elect to purchase a any
products or services through MyNetworkTV you will be required to provide
personal financial information, including your credit card information,
billing address or other payment information) (collectively, "Personal
Financial Information"), full name, phone number and shipping address in order
to purchase such product or service. At the time of your purchase, MyNetworkTV
will notify you of the identity of any third party that is collecting,
transmitting, storing and/or processing your Personal Financial Information.
You acknowledge and agree that this Privacy Policy will not apply to any
Personal Financial Information that you provide to any independent third party
company on MyNetworkTV and that all payment obligations related to such
purchase shall be governed solely by the applicable independent third party
company's privacy policy. You further acknowledge and agree that MyNetworkTV
will have no liability for or control over such independent third party
company's use or protection of your Personal Financial Information. You should
check the privacy policy of the independent third party company's website to
determine how it will handle any Personal Financial Information it collects
from you and/or processes. You acknowledge and agree that in the event that
such independent third party company experiences a data breach that
compromises or otherwise affects your Personal Financial Information,
MyNetworkTV shall in no way be responsible or liable to you for such breach.
You should contact the applicable independent third party company regarding
any such data breach.
4. USE AND DISCLOSURE
Information Made Public Through Use of the MyNetworkTV Services and User
Privacy Settings Your username is always publicly available to everyone,
including other users, Search Engines, and anyone else with access to the
MyNetworkTV Services.
MyNetworkTV's Use and Disclosure of Information We only share your non-public
personal information with non-affiliated third parties when we believe sharing
is permitted by you or authorized by this Privacy Policy. In addition,
MyNetworkTV may share your personal information with Affiliated Companies.
We use the information we collect from and about users for the following
purposes: To provide and manage the MyNetworkTV Services. We use the
information we collect from and about users to provide the MyNetworkTV
Services and features to you, which may include to measure and improve those
services and features, to personalize your experience by delivering relevant
content, advertising and marketing messages, to allow you to participate in
online games, contests or promotions, to provide you with customer support,
and to respond to inquiries. We may use aggregated, anonymous data about use
of and activity on the MyNetworkTV Services to assist us in this regard and
such data is not subject to this Privacy Policy.
To allow third-party service providers to assist us in providing and managing
the MyNetworkTV Services. MyNetworkTV may make your non-public personal
information available to certain third-party service providers, such as
contractors, agents or sponsors, who help us manage or provide the MyNetworkTV
Services by, for example: developing or supporting products and features;
conducting email marketing on our behalf; processing payments; administering
message boards; fulfilling orders; processing data or statistics; or assisting
with the administration, judging and prize fulfillment aspects of contests,
promotions and sweepstakes. These outside service providers are required to
protect non-public personal information entrusted to them and not use it for
any other purpose than the specific service they are providing to the
MyNetworkTV Services.
To contact you. MyNetworkTV may periodically send promotional materials (e.g.,
newsletters) or notifications related to the MyNetworkTV Services to the email
address you provided to us at registration or subscription to a MyNetworkTV
Service. If you want to stop receiving promotional materials from MyNetworkTV,
you can follow the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email. There
are certain service notification emails that you may not opt-out of as long as
you are a member, such as notifications of changes to the MyNetworkTV Services
or policies.
To deliver relevant advertising. We may use the information you provide to us,
and information we collect about your use of the MyNetworkTV Services through
cookies and other technologies, to assist us in delivering you relevant ads
when you visit the MyNetworkTV Services. We may work with third-party
advertising networks and advertisers who help deliver these ads to you. We do
not share your non-public personal information with these third parties, but
we may share anonymized or aggregated information with them to improve the
relevancy of the ads you see on the MyNetworkTV Services. As noted above,
these third-party advertising networks and advertisers may also use cookies
and similar technologies to collect and track non-personally identifiable
information such as demographic information, aggregated information, and
Internet activity to assist them in delivering advertising that is more
relevant to your interests. To find out more about third-party online
advertising and to opt out of this type of advertising, visit the Network
Advertising Initiative website
http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp. MyNetworkTV also
shares non-personally identifiable demographic and interest information
associated with your account with third-party advertising networks to assist
them in delivering relevant ads on MyNetworkTV.
To protect the rights of MyNetworkTV and our users. There may be instances
when MyNetworkTV may disclose user information without providing notice or
choice, including situations where MyNetworkTV has a good faith belief that
such disclosure is necessary in order to: (i) protect or defend the legal
rights or property of MyNetworkTV, our Affiliated Companies or their employees,
agents and contractors (including enforcement of our agreements); (ii)
protect the safety and security of users of the MyNetworkTV Services or
members of the public; (iii) protect against fraud or for risk management
purposes; or (iv) comply with the law or legal process. We may retain backup
information related to your use of the MyNetworkTV Services on our servers for
fraud detection or to comply with applicable law or our internal security
policies.
To complete a merger or sale of assets. If MyNetworkTV sells all or part of
its business or makes a sale or transfer of its assets or is otherwise
involved in a merger or transfer of all or a material part of its business,
MyNetworkTV may transfer your information to the party or parties involved in
the transaction as part of that transaction.
5. SECURITY
MyNetworkTV uses commercially reasonable administrative, technical, personnel
and physical measures to safeguard user information in its possession against
loss, theft and unauthorized use, disclosure or modification.
6. CONTACT US
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact : Email: reena.villaluna-ramirez@fox.com
Mail:
Reena Villaluna-Ramirez
Internet Privacy Contact for MyNetworkTV
2121 Avenue of the Stars, 31st Floor
Los Angeles, CA 90067