http://www.irishdancing.com/index.php/customer-service/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Effinish LLC is a limited company registered in the United States.
Whose data do we hold?
We may hold data about the following people:
Employees
Customers
Suppliers and service providers
Advisers, consultants and other professional experts
Complainants and enquirers
What data will we collect?
We will only collect information from you that is relevant to the matter that we are dealing with. In particular we may collect the following information from which is defined as ‘personal data’:
Personal details
Financial details
Business activities of the person whose details we are processing
Basis for processing
The basis on which we process your personal data is one or more of the following:
It is necessary for the performance of our contract with you
It is necessary for us to comply with a legal obligation
It is in our legitimate interest to do so
You have given us your consent (this can be withdrawn at any time by advising our Data Protection Officer)
How will we use your data?
We may use your information for the following purposes:
Provision of advertising services including advising and acting on behalf of clients
To contact you to inform you of our services
Maintaining accounts and records
Supporting and managing staff
Trade references
Who will we share your information with?
Under our Code of Conduct there are very strict rules about who we can share your information with and this will normally be limited to other people who will assist with your matter.
If you do not pay our bills we may also disclose your information to debt collection agencies, Courts, Bailiffs and High Court enforcement officers in line with collecting the debt.
How long will we keep your information for?
We will normally keep your information throughout the period of time that we do work for you and afterwards for a period of six year as we are required to do so by law and also by the regulations that apply to us
In some cases we may retain your information for a longer period of time and we will advise you of this at the time
More information is set out in our data retention policy which is available on request from the Data Protection Officer
Transfers to third countries
We may from time to time transfer your personal data outside of the EEA.
Normally this will be necessary for the performance of your engagement with us
We will ensure that appropriate safeguards are in place at all times
Security arrangements
We shall ensure that all the information that you provide us is kept secure using appropriate technical and organisation measures
In the event of a personal data breach we have procedures in place to ensure that the effects of such a breach are minimised and shall liaise with the ICO and you as appropriate
More information is available from our Data Protection Officer What rights do you have?
You have the following rights under the GDPR:
Right to be informed
Right of access
Right of rectification
Right to erasure
Right to restriction of processing
Right to data portability
Right to object
Rights concerning automated decision making and profiling
Right of access
You have the right to see the information we hold about you
To access this, you need to provide a request in writing to our Data Protection Officer, together with proof of identity
We will usually process your request free of charge and within 30 days, however we reserve the right to charge a reasonable
administration fee and to extend the period of time by a further two months if the request is manifestly unfounded or
vexatious and/or is very complex
Full details are available in our data subject access policy which is available on request form our Data Protection Officer
Right to erasure
You have the right to ask us to erase your personal data in certain cases (details may be found in Article 17 of the GDPR)
We will deal with your request free of charge and within 30 days but reserve the right to refuse to erase information that we
are required to retain by law or regulation
To exercise your right to erasure please contact our Data Protection Officer
Who can you complain to?
If you are unhappy about how we are using your information or how we have responded to your request the initially you should contact our Data Protection Officer
If your complaint remains unresolved then you can contact the Information Commissioner’s Office, details available at ico.org.uk
Data Protection Officer Denise Keane: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Wildfire Comms Ltd
Unit 2.4 Paintworks Arnos Vale
Bristol BS4 3EH
0117 300 5526 This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. Co Reg 06934303
VAT GB 975921084
About us
Irish Dancing Magazine (IDM) is the essential resource, both in print and online, for all Irish Dancers, teachers, and industry professionals. IDM is the BEST and LEADING print magazine for the industry; continuously published for over 20 years!
irishdancing.com Privacy Policy
Contact us
If you recently ordered a subscription as a gift and need a subscription certificate, head to our shop page HERE to download and print our certificate!
Irish Dancing & Culture Magazine
110 E Schiller Street
Suite 206
Elmhurst, IL 60126
United States of America
CONTACT by email
Tel: (001) 630-279-7521
Mon-Fri: 10:00 - 16:00 UTC-6:00
© Irish Dancing Magazine 2020. All rights reservedWhat is Irish Dancing Magazine?
Irish Dancing & Culture Magazine ( Irish Dancing Magazine) is the world's leading magazine and website dedicated to Irish Dancing & Culture.IDM contains the latest results, news, and photos. Meet dancers from all over the globe. Dancers and adjudicators share advice PLUS learn about the latest trends. Don't miss a single issue!
Shop Home Resources
Articles to Read!
Latest News Fitness Fashion Feis Tips Issues IDM Recommends Major Competitions Calendar LOTD Dance For Hope Challenge Contests
Winners Enter to Win Results
An Coimisiun (CLRG) An Chomhdhail Open Platform Dance Schools IDM Online Customer Service
Change Your Address Contact IDM Privacy Policy Advertise Terms & Conditions FAQs (Help) COVID-19 Resources For Teachers For Camps For Parents For Competition Organizers Login/Logout