https://yvtc.org/privacy
We Protect Your Privacy
The Young Victorian Theatre Company is serious about privacy protection for visitors to our website. We do not collect information to personally identify you (i.e., name, address, email, phone) unless the information is submitted to us through a contact form or email signup forms. As such, your contact information is used to reply and/or follow up to your request for information as needed. We do utilize analytics code on our website that lets us see the number of visitors to our site and understand any technical information (like desktop, mobile, browser version) so we can improve our website in the future. However, these analytics are blinded and will not track or record information on any individual and their visit. The information we receive depends on what you do when visiting this site.
Any data that we receive is either voluntarily provided by you and/or aggregated reports of all visitors as a whole.
Personal Information
We may ask for personal information when you contact us through our contact form or email signup form. This personal information usually includes name, email and optionally a phone number.
Note that any identifying information you supply in the process of purchasing tickets is entirely completed on the website and server of our outside ticket vendor (tix.com). Please refer to their privacy policy here.
Aggregated Information
We receive certain types of information in the form of website analytics, which shows patterns of activity on the Young Vic website. Personally identifying information is not collected through analytics. Rather it shows us the number of times the our website is visited, the pages most requested, domain names where visitors are coming, and the date and time of each visit. This information is aggregated for statistical analysis and reporting. These reports do not track any individual, but the overall website activity. In addition, this aggregated data may appear in applications for grants or to other parties who request it for the purposes of communicating with sponsors, or it may possibly be viewed in a public record, like for governmental compliance and funding.
Security
Our website uses Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology as a best practice, even though there are no financial transactions completed on our website or hosting server.
Opt-Out of Emailings
Our emails to friends and patrons are sent via MailChimp, a thrid-party for email campaigns, and always include an opt-out or unsubscribe link. Upon unsubscribing, you will no longer receive Young Vic emails with news and discounts.
Links
The Young Vic website displays links to third-party websites (like tix.com). In addition, other websites may link to our website. These third-party websites operate under their respective terms of use and privacy policies. We do not control any third-party websites, thus you understand and agree that Young Vic is not responsible for the availability of such third-party sites and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products or other materials on or available from such sites. You also acknowledge and agree that Young Vic will not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such sites.
Consent
By using the Young Vic website, you consent to the collection and use of information as described above. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of the types of information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Contact Young Vic
Please use our
contact form or call the box office at 410-323-3077 with questions.
Email Updates
Sign up here!
Volunteer
Sign UpGet on our volunteer email list to be notified when we need volunteers.
Questions About Volunteering?We'll do our best to answer your questions or provide more info if you contact us here.
Donate
Credit Card
Use PayPal, no account required
Mail Your Check
Donation form (PDF)
2020 Season Corporate Sponsor
Kramon & Graham PAOne South Street, Suite 2600Baltimore, MD 21202
Generous Support Also Provided By
The Young Victorian Theatre Company is funded by an operating grant from the Maryland State Arts Council, an agency dedicated to cultivating a vibrant cultural community where the arts thrive. Funding for the Maryland State Arts Council is also provided by the National Endowment for the Arts, a federal agency, which believes that a great nation deserves great art.
The Young Victorian Theatre Company is a nonprofit professional summer repertory theatre.