http://zeromariacornejo.com/pages/privacy-policy
OVERSTOCK SALE! SHOP OUR BIGGEST SALE OF THE YEAR
Home
›
Privacy
Privacy
Please find the Privacy Policy for the Zero + Maria Cornejo online store below, effective May 24, 2018. When creating a customer account or placing an order you acknowledge that you agree to the terms outlined here in full. If you have questions about any of our policies, please email online@zeromariacornejo.com.
Zero + Maria Cornejo Privacy Policy
We at Zero + Maria Cornejo are providing this Privacy Policy to explain our practices regarding the collection, use and disclosure of information that we receive through our Services. This Privacy Policy is incorporated by reference into the Zero + Maria Cornejo Terms of Service (the “Terms”). The terms “Zero + Maria Cornejo,” “we,” and “us” includes Plus Two LLC, dba "Zero + Maria Cornejo", and our affiliates and subsidiaries.
This Privacy Policy explains our online and offline information practices, the kinds of information we may collect, how we intend to use and share that information, and how you can opt out of a use or correct or change such information. Also, please note that, unless we define a term in this Privacy Policy, all capitalized terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms of Service. Please make sure that you have read and understand our Terms of Service.
This Privacy Policy applies to Personal Information that is Processed by Zero + Maria Cornejo in the course of our business, including on Zero + Maria Cornejo websites (each a “Site”), blogs, and other online or offline offerings (together with any and all future online and offline offerings operated by or on behalf of Zero + Maria Cornejo, the “Services”). This Privacy Policy does not apply to any third-party websites, services or applications, even if they are accessible through our Services. All individuals whose responsibilities include the Processing of Personal Information on behalf of Zero + Maria Cornejo are expected to protect that data by adherence to this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is intended to meet requirements globally, including those in North America, Europe, APAC, and other jurisdictions.
Transparency/Notice – Types of Personal Information We Collect and How We Use ItOur primary goals in collecting information are to provide and improve our Services, to administer your use of the Services (including your Account, if you are an Account holder), and to enable you to enjoy and easily navigate our Services. The types of Personal Information we may collect (directly from you or from Third-Party sources) and our privacy practices depend on the nature of the relationship you have with Zero + Maria Cornejo and the requirements of applicable law. Some of the ways that Zero + Maria Cornejo may collect Personal Information include:
You may provide Personal Information directly to Zero + Maria Cornejo through interacting with the Services, making online or in-store purchases, during events such as sweepstakes, and requesting Services or information. As you navigate the Services, certain passive information may also be collected about your visit, including through cookies and similar technologies as described below.
We endeavor to collect only that information which is relevant for the purposes of Processing. Below are the ways we collect Personal Information and how we use it.
Types of Personal Information We CollectZero + Maria Cornejo collects Personal Information regarding its current, prospective, and former clients, customers, users, visitors, guests, and Employees. (collectively “Individuals”).
Information You Provide Directly to Us. When you use the Services or engage in certain activities, such as registering for an Account with Zero + Maria Cornejo, making an online or in-store purchase, requesting Services or information, or contacting us directly, we may ask you to provide some or all of the following types of information:- Creating an Account with Us. When you make a purchase online or in an Zero + Maria Cornejo store, we will automatically create an Account for you. To create an Account, we’ll collect certain information that can be used to identify you, such as your name, email address, postal address and phone number, as well as other optional information you may provide.- Communications with Us. We may collect Personal Information from you such as email address, phone number or mailing address when you choose to request information about our Services, create an account, register for Zero + Maria Cornejo’s newsletter, request to receive customer or technical support, or otherwise communicate with us.- Registration for Sweepstakes or Contests. Occasionally, Zero + Maria Cornejo may run sweepstakes and contests. We ask those who enter in the sweepstakes or contests to provide contact information (e.g., an e-mail address). If you participate in a sweepstakes or contest, your contact information may be used to reach you about the sweepstakes or contest, and for other promotional, marketing and business purposes. All sweepstakes/contests entry forms will provide a way for participants to opt-out of any communications that are not related to awarding prizes.- Automatic Data Collection. Our servers automatically record certain information about how Individuals use our Services (we refer to this information as “Event Data”). Event Data may include information such as an Individual’s Internet Protocol (IP) address, cookie identifiers, MAC address, IMEI, Advertiser ID, and other device identifiers that are automatically assigned to your computer or device when you access the Internet, operating system, browser type and language, hardware type, the web page that a User was visiting before accessing our Services, the pages or features of our Services to which a User browsed and the time spent on those pages or features, search terms, the links on our Services that a User clicked on and other statistics. We use Event Data to administer the Services and we analyze (and may engage third parties to analyze) Event Data to improve, customize and enhance our Services by expanding their features and functionality and tailoring them to Individuals’ needs and preferences. We may use a person’s IP address to generate aggregate, non-identifying information about how our Services are used.- Location Information. We may collect and store information about your location by converting your IP address into a rough geo-location. We may use location information to improve and personalize our Services for you. If you do not want us to collect location information, you may disable that feature on your mobile device. Information Submitted Via Services. You agree that Zero + Maria Cornejo is free to use the content of any communications submitted by you via the Services, including any ideas, inventions, concepts, techniques, or know-how disclosed therein, for any purpose including developing, manufacturing, and/or marketing goods or Services. Zero + Maria Cornejo will not release your name or otherwise publicize the fact that you submitted materials or other information to us unless: (a) you grant us permission to do so; (b) we first send notice to you that the materials or other information you submit to a particular part of a Service will be published or otherwise used with your name on it; or (c) we are required to do so by law.- Information from Other Sources. We may receive information about you from other sources, including through Third-Party services and organizations to supplement information provided by you. For example, if you access our Services through a Third-Party application, such as an App Store or SNS, we may collect information about you from that Third-Party application that you have made public via your privacy settings. Information we collect through App Stores or SNS accounts may include your name, your SNS user identification number, your SNS user name, location, sex, birth date, email, profile picture, and your contacts on the SNS. This supplemental information allows us to verify information that you have provided to Zero + Maria Cornejo and to enhance our ability to provide you with information about our business, products, and Services.
How Zero + Maria Cornejo Uses Your InformationWe acquire, hold, use, and Process Personal Information about Individuals for a variety of business purposes, including:
To Provide Products, Services, or Information Requested. Zero + Maria Cornejo may use information about you to fulfill requests for products, Services, or information, including information about potential or future Services, including to:- Generally manage Individual information and Accounts;- Respond to questions, comments, and other requests;- Provide access to certain areas, functionalities, and features of Zero + Maria Cornejo’s Services;- Contact you to answer requests for customer support or technical support.
Administrative Purposes. Zero + Maria Cornejo may use Personal Information about you for its administrative purposes, including to:- Measure interest in Zero + Maria Cornejo’s products and Services;- Develop new products and Services;- Ensure internal quality control;- Verify Individual identity;- Communicate about Individual Accounts and activities on Zero + Maria Cornejo’s Services and systems, and, in Zero + Maria Cornejo’s discretion, changes to any Zero + Maria Cornejo policy;- Send email to the email address you provide to us to verify your Account and for informational and operational purposes, such as Account management, customer service, or system maintenance;- Process payment for products or services purchased;- Process applications and transactions;- Prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities;- Enforce our Terms.
Marketing Zero + Maria Cornejo Products and Services. Zero + Maria Cornejo may use Personal Information to provide you with materials about offers, products, and Services that may be of interest, including new content or Services. Zero + Maria Cornejo may provide you with these materials by phone, postal mail, facsimile, or email, as permitted by applicable law. Such uses include:- To tailor content, advertisements, and offers;- To notify you about offers, products, and services that may be of interest to you;- To provide Services to you and our sponsors;- For other purposes disclosed at the time that Individuals provide Personal Information; or- Otherwise with your consent.
You may contact us at any time to opt out of the use of your Personal Information for marketing purposes, as further described in the section "Opt Out" found below.
Research and Development.We may share aggregated information and non-identifying information with third parties for industry research and analysis, demographic profiling and other similar purposes. We may contract with third parties who provide us with other information about you, which we may then combine with the information we receive from you. We use this information to better provide our Services, to customize our advertisements to you and other customers, and to provide direct marketing to you, including by mail.
Direct Mail, Email and Outbound Telemarketing.Individuals who provide us with Personal Information, or whose Personal Information we obtain from Third Parties, may receive periodic emails, newsletters, mailings, or phone calls from us with information on Zero + Maria Cornejo’s or our business partners’ products and services or upcoming special offers/events we believe may be of interest. We offer the option to decline these communications at no cost to the Individual by following the instructions in the section "Opt Out" found below.
Services via Mobile Devices.From time to time, Zero + Maria Cornejo may provide Services that are specifically designed to be compatible and used on mobile devices. Zero + Maria Cornejo will collect certain information that your mobile device sends when you use such Services, like a device identifier, user settings, location information, mobile carrier, and the operating system of your device. Mobile versions of Zero + Maria Cornejo’s Services may require that users log in with an Account. In such cases, information about use of mobile versions of the Services may be associated with Accounts. In addition, Zero + Maria Cornejo may enable Individuals to download an application, widget, or other tool that can be used on mobile or other computing devices. Some of these tools may store information on mobile or other devices. These tools may transmit Personal Information to Zero + Maria Cornejo to enable Individuals to access Accounts and to enable Zero + Maria Cornejo to track use of these tools. Some of these tools may enable users to email reports and other information from the tool. Zero + Maria Cornejo may use personal or non-identifiable information transmitted to Zero + Maria Cornejo to enhance these tools, to develop new tools, for quality improvement and as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy or in other notices Zero + Maria Cornejo provides.
Anonymous and Aggregated Information Use.Zero + Maria Cornejo may use Personal Information and other information about you to create anonymized and aggregated information, such as de-identified demographic information, de-identified location information, information about the computer or device from which you access Zero + Maria Cornejo’s Services, or other analyses we create. Anonymized and aggregated information is used for a variety of functions, including the measurement of visitors’ interest in and use of various portions or features of the Services. Anonymized or aggregated information is not Personal Information, and Zero + Maria Cornejo may use such information in a number of ways, including research, internal analysis, analytics, and any other legally permissible purposes. We may share this information within Zero + Maria Cornejo and with Third Parties for our or their purposes in an anonymized or aggregated form that is designed to prevent anyone from identifying you.
Other Uses. Zero + Maria Cornejo may use Personal Information for which we have a legitimate interest, such as direct marketing, individual or market research, anti-fraud protection, or any other purpose disclosed to you at the time you provide Personal Information or with your consent.
Cookies, Pixel Tags/Web Beacons, Analytics Information, and Interest-Based AdvertisingWe, as well as Third Parties that provide content, advertising, or other functionality on our Services, may use cookies, pixel tags, local storage, and other technologies (“Technologies”) to automatically collect information through the Services. We use Technologies that are essentially small data files placed on your computer, tablet, mobile phone, or other devices (referred to collectively as a "device") that allow us to record certain pieces of information whenever you visit or interact with our sites, services, applications, messaging, and tools, and to recognize you across devices.
Cookies.Cookies are small text files placed in visitors’ computer browsers to store their preferences. Most browsers allow you to block and delete cookies. However, if you do that, the Site may not work properly.
Pixel Tags/Web Beacons.A pixel tag (also known as a web beacon) is a piece of code embedded on the Site that collects information about users’ engagement on that web page. The use of a pixel allows us to record, for example, that a user has visited a particular web page or clicked on a particular advertisement.
Social Media Widgets.Our Website includes social media features such as the Facebook “Like” button and LinkedIn (that might include widgets such as the share this button or other interactive mini-programs). These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. These social media features are either hosted by a Third Party or hosted directly on our Website. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
Analytics.We use Google Analytics, a service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”), to gather information about how users engage with our Services. For more information about Google Analytics, please visit www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/. You can opt out of Google’s collection and processing of data generated by your use of the Services by going to http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Our uses of such Technologies fall into the following general categories:Operationally Necessary. We may use cookies, web beacons, or other similar technologies that are necessary to the operation of our sites, services, applications, and tools. This includes technologies that allow you access to our sites, services, applications, and tools; that are required to identify irregular site behavior, prevent fraudulent activity and improve security; or that allow you to make use of our functions such as shopping-carts, saved search, or similar functions;Performance Related. We may use cookies, web beacons, or other similar technologies to assess the performance of our websites, applications, services, and tools, including as part of our analytic practices to help us understand how our visitors use our websites, determine if you have interacted with our messaging, determine whether you have viewed an item or link, or to improve our website content, applications, services, or tools;Functionality Related. We may use cookies, web beacons, or other similar technologies that allow us to offer you enhanced functionality when accessing or using our sites, services, applications, or tools. This may include identifying you when you sign into our sites or keeping track of your specified preferences, interests, or past items viewed so that we may enhance the presentation of content on our sites;Advertising or Targeting Related. We may use first-party or third-party cookies and web beacons to deliver content, including ads relevant to your interests, on our sites or on third party sites. This includes using technologies to understand the usefulness to you of the advertisements and content that has been delivered to you, such as whether you have clicked on an advertisement.
If you would like to opt out of the Technologies we employ on our sites, services, applications, or tools, you may do so by blocking, deleting, or disabling them as your browser or device permits.
Third-party websites, Social Media platforms, and Software Development KitsThe Site may contain links to other websites and other websites may reference or link to our Site or other Services. These other domains and websites are not controlled by us, and Zero + Maria Cornejo does not endorse or make any representations about Third-Party websites or social media platforms. We encourage our users to read the privacy policies of each and every website and application with which they interact. We do not endorse, screen or approve, and are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other websites or applications. Visiting these other websites or applications is at your own risk.
Zero + Maria Cornejo’s Services may include publicly accessible blogs, community forums, or private messaging features. The Site and our other Services may also contain links and interactive features with various social media platforms (e.g., widgets). If you already use these platforms, their cookies may be set on your device when using our Site or other Services. You should be aware that Personal Information which you voluntarily include and transmit online in a publicly accessible blog, chat room, social media platform or otherwise online, or that you share in an open forum may be viewed and used by others without any restrictions. We are unable to control such uses of your information when interacting with a social media platform, and by using such services you assume the risk that the Personal Information provided by you may be viewed and used by third parties for any number of purposes.
We use Third-Party software development kits (“SDKs”) as part of the functionality of our Services. Third-Party SDKs may allow Third Parties including advertisers to collect your personal information to provide content that is more relevant to you.
Third-Party Payment ProcessingWhen you make purchases through the Services, we process your payments through a Third-Party application. The Third-Party application may collect certain financial information from you to process a payment on behalf of Zero + Maria Cornejo, including your name, email address, address and other billing information.
Human Resources DataZero + Maria Cornejo collects Personal Information from current, prospective, and former Employees, their contact points in case of a medical emergency, and beneficiaries under any insurance policy (“Human Resources Data”). The Human Resources Data we collect may include title, name, address, phone number, email address, date of birth, passport number, driver’s license number, Social Security number or other government-issued identification number, financial information related to credit checks, bank details for payroll, information that may be recorded on a CV or application form, language abilities, contact information of third parties in case of an emergency and beneficiaries under any insurance policy. We may also collect Sensitive Human Resources Data such as details of health and disability, including mental health, medical leave, and maternity leave; information about national origin or immigration status; and optional demographic information such as race, which helps us achieve our diversity goals.
We acquire, hold, use and Process Human Resources Data for a variety of business purposes including:<br >- Workflow management, including assigning, managing and administering projects;<br >- Human Resources administration and communication;<br >- Payroll and the provision of benefits;<br >- Compensation, stock plan administration, compensation analysis, including monitoring overtime and compliance with labor laws, and company recognition programs;<br >- Job grading activities;<br >- Performance and employee development management;<br >- Organizational development and succession planning;<br >- Benefits and personnel administration;<br >- Absence management;<br >- Helpdesk and IT support services;<br >- Regulatory compliance;<br >- Internal and/or external or governmental compliance investigations;<br >- Internal or external audits;<br >- Litigation evaluation, prosecution, and defense;<br >- Diversity and inclusion initiatives;<br >- Restructuring and relocation;<br >- Emergency contacts and services;<br >- Employee safety;<br >- Compliance with statutory requirements;<br >- Processing of Employee expenses and travel charges; and<br >- Acquisitions, divestitures, and integrations.
Onward Transfer—Zero + Maria Cornejo May Disclose Your Information
Information We Share:We may share your information as described in this Privacy Policy (e.g., with our Third-Party service providers; to comply with legal obligations; to protect and defend our rights and property) or with your permission.
Information Shared with Our Services Providers.We may engage third-party services providers to work with us to administer and provide the Services. Some of examples of these third-party’s services are payment processing, shipping, and handling returns. These third-party services providers have access to your Personal Information only for the purpose of performing services on our behalf and are expressly obligated not to disclose or use your Personal Information for any other purpose. When you make a payment, the third-party payment processor (e.g., Authorize.net) receives your full payment information and we receive only a funding confirmation.
Zero + Maria Cornejo has executed appropriate contracts with the service providers that prohibit them from using or sharing Personal Information except as necessary to perform the contracted services on our behalf or to comply with applicable legal requirements.
Business Partners.Zero + Maria Cornejo may share Personal Information with our business partners, and affiliates for our and our affiliates’ internal business purposes or to provide you with a product or service that you have requested. Zero + Maria Cornejo may also provide Personal Information to business partners with whom we may jointly offer products or services, or whose products or services we believe may be of interest to you. In such cases, our business partner’s name will appear, along with Zero + Maria Cornejo. Zero + Maria Cornejo requires our affiliates and business partners to agree in writing to maintain the confidentiality and security of Personal Information they maintain on our behalf and not to use it for any purpose other than the purpose for which Zero + Maria Cornejo provided them.
Displaying to Other Users.The content you post to the Site may be displayed on the Site. Other users of the Site may be able to see some information about you, such as your name if you submit a review. We are not responsible for privacy practices of the other users who will view and use the posted information.
Marketing – Interest-Based Advertising and Third-Party Marketing.Through our Services, Zero + Maria Cornejo may allow Third-Party advertising partners to set tracking tools (e.g., cookies) to collect information regarding your activities (e.g., your IP address, page(s) visited, time of day). We may also share such de-identified information as well as selected Personal Information (such as demographic information and past purchase history) we have collected with Third-Party advertising partners. These advertising partners may use this information (and similar information collected from other websites) for purposes of delivering targeted advertisements to you when you visit non-Zero + Maria Cornejo related websites within their networks. This practice is commonly referred to as “interest-based advertising” or “online behavioral advertising. We may allow access to other data collected by the Site to facilitate transmittal of information that may be useful, relevant, valuable or otherwise of interest to you. If you prefer that we do not share your Personal Information with Third-Party advertising partners, you may opt out of such sharing at no cost by following the instructions in the section "Opt Out" found below.
Disclosures to Protect Us or Others (e.g., as Required by Law and Similar Disclosures).We may access, preserve, and disclose your Personal Information, other Account information, and content if we believe doing so is required or appropriate to: (i) comply with law enforcement or national security requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; (ii) respond to your requests; (iii) protect yours’, ours’ or others’ rights, property, or safety; (iv) to enforce Zero + Maria Cornejo policies or contracts; (v) to collect amounts owed to Zero + Maria Cornejo; (vi) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss or in connection with an investigation or prosecution of suspected or actual illegal activity; or (vii) if we, in good faith, believe that disclosure is otherwise necessary or advisable.
In addition, from time to time, server logs may be reviewed for security purposes – e.g., to detect unauthorized activity on the Services. In such cases, server log data containing IP addresses may be shared with law enforcement bodies in order that they may identify users in connection with their investigation of the unauthorized activities.
Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers.If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, sale of company assets, or transition of service to another provider, then your information may be sold or transferred as part of such a transaction as permitted by law and/or contract. In such event, Zero + Maria Cornejo will endeavor to direct the transferee to use Personal Information in a manner that is consistent with the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such Personal Information was collected.
Data TransfersAll Personal Information collected via or by Zero + Maria Cornejo may be stored anywhere in the world, including but not limited to, the United States, the European Union, in the cloud, on our servers, on the servers of our affiliates or the servers of our service providers. Your Personal Information may be accessible to law enforcement or other authorities pursuant to a lawful request. By providing information to Zero + Maria Cornejo, you consent to the storage of your Personal Information in these locations
Opt-Out (RIGHT TO RESTRICT PROCESSING)
GeneralWe offer you choices regarding the collection, use and sharing of your Personal Information, and we’ll respect the choices you make. Please note that if you decide not to provide us with the Personal Information that we request, you may not be able to access all of the features of the Services. You have the right to opt out of certain uses and disclosures of your Personal Information. Where you have consented to Zero + Maria Cornejo’s Processing of your Personal Information or Sensitive Personal Information, you may withdraw that consent at any time and opt out of further Processing by contacting online@zeromariacornejo.com. Even if you opt out, we may still collect and use non-Personal Information regarding your activities on our Sites and/or information from the advertisements on Third-Party websites for non-interest based advertising purposes, such as to determine the effectiveness of the advertisements.
Email and Telephone CommunicationsIf you receive an unwanted email from us, you can use the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of the email to opt out of receiving future emails. We will process your request within a reasonable time after receipt. Note that you will continue to receive transaction-related emails regarding products or services you have requested. We may also send you certain non-promotional communications regarding Zero + Maria Cornejo and our Services and you will not be able to opt out of those communications (e.g., communications regarding updates to our Terms or this Privacy Policy).
We maintain telephone “do-not-call” and “do-not-mail” lists as mandated by law. We process requests to be placed on do-not-mail, do-not-phone and do-not-contact lists within 60 days after receipt, or such shorter time as may be required by law.
Human Resources DataWith regard to Personal Information that Zero + Maria Cornejo receives in connection with the employment relationship, Zero + Maria Cornejo will use such Personal Information only for employment-related purposes as more fully described above. If Zero + Maria Cornejo intends to use this Personal Information for any other purpose, Zero + Maria Cornejo will notify the Individual and provide an opportunity to opt-out of such uses.
“Do Not Track”Do Not Track (“DNT”) is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers. DNT is a way for users to inform websites and services that they do not want certain information about their webpage visits collected over time and across websites or online services. Please note that we do not respond to or honor DNT signals or similar mechanisms transmitted by web browsers.
Cookies and Interest-Based AdvertisingAs noted above, you may stop or restrict the placement of cookies on your computer or remove them from your browser by adjusting your web browser preferences. Please note that cookie-based opt-outs are not effective on mobile applications. However, on many mobile devices, application users may opt out of certain mobile ads via their device settings.
The online advertising industry also provides websites from which you may opt out of receiving targeted ads from our data partners and our other advertising partners that participate in self-regulatory programs. You can access these, and also learn more about targeted advertising and consumer choice and privacy, at www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp, or http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/ and www.aboutads.info/choices/. You can also choose not to be included in Google Analytics here.
Whether you are using our opt-out or an online industry opt-out, these cookie-based opt-outs must be performed on each device and browser that you wish to have opted out. For example, if you have opted out on your computer browser, that opt out will not be effective on your mobile device. You must separately opt out on each device. Advertisements on Third-Party websites that contain the AdChoices link and that link to this Privacy Policy may have been directed to you based on anonymous, non-Personal Information collected by advertising partners over time and across websites. These advertisements provide a mechanism to opt out of the advertising partners’ use of this information for interest-based advertising purposes.
Rights of Access, Rectification, Erasure, and RestrictionYou may inquire as to whether Zero + Maria Cornejo is Processing Personal Information about you, request access to Personal Information, and ask that we correct, amend or delete your Personal Information where it is inaccurate. Where otherwise permitted by applicable law, you may send an email to online@zeromariacornejo.com or use any of the methods set out in this Privacy Policy to request access to, receive (port), seek rectification, or request erasure of Personal Information held about you by Zero + Maria Cornejo. Please include your full name, email address associated with your Account, and a detailed description of your data request. Such requests will be processed in line with local laws.
Although Zero + Maria Cornejo makes good faith efforts to provide Individuals with access to their Personal Information, there may be circumstances in which Zero + Maria Cornejo is unable to provide access, including but not limited to: where the information contains legal privilege, would compromise others’ privacy or other legitimate rights, where the burden or expense of providing access would be disproportionate to the risks to the Individual’s privacy in the case in question or where it is commercially proprietary. If Zero + Maria Cornejo determines that access should be restricted in any particular instance, we will provide you with an explanation of why that determination has been made and a contact point for any further inquiries. To protect your privacy, Zero + Maria Cornejo will take commercially reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access to or making any changes to your Personal Information.
Data RetentionZero + Maria Cornejo retains the Personal Information we receive as described in this Privacy Policy for as long as you use our Services or as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected, provide our Services, resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, conduct audits, pursue legitimate business purposes, enforce our agreements, and comply with applicable laws.
Security of Your InformationWe take reasonable administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect the information that we collect from or about you (including your PII) from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. When you enter sensitive information on our forms, we encrypt this data using SSL or other technologies. Please be aware, however, that no method of transmitting information over the Internet or storing information is completely secure. Accordingly, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of any information.
By using the Site or providing Personal Information to us, you agree that we may communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of the Site. If we learn of a security system’s breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically by posting a notice on the Site or sending an e-mail to you. You may have a legal right to receive this notice in writing.
International UsersBy using the Site, Zero + Maria Cornejo will transfer data to the United States. By choosing to visit the Site, utilize the Services or otherwise provide information to us, you agree that any dispute over privacy or the terms contained in this Privacy Policy will be governed by the laws of New York, United States and the adjudication of any disputes arising in connection with Zero + Maria Cornejo or the Site will be in accordance with the Terms.
If you are visiting from the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use, please note that you are agreeing to the transfer of your information to the United States and to Processing of your data globally. By providing your Personal Information, you consent to any transfer and Processing in accordance with this Policy.
Children’s PrivacyThe Services are not directed to children under 16 years of age, and Zero + Maria Cornejo does not knowingly collect Personally Identifiable Information from children under 16 years of age. If you are under the age of 18, you must have your parent’s permission to access the Services. If you learn that your child has provided us with Personal Information without your consent, you may alert us at support@Zero + Maria Cornejo.com. If we learn that we have collected any Personal Information from children under 16, we will promptly take steps to delete such information and terminate the child’s Account.
Redress/Compliance and AccountabilityIf you have any questions about our privacy practices or this Privacy Policy, please contact Zero + Maria Cornejo by email at online@zeromariacornejo.com. We will address your concerns and attempt to resolve any privacy issues in a timely manner.
Changes To Our Privacy Policy and PracticesThis Privacy Policy may change from time to time. You understand and agree that you will be deemed to have accepted the updated Privacy Policy if you use the Services after the updated Privacy Policy is posted on the Services. If at any point you do not agree to any portion of the Privacy Policy then in effect, you must immediately stop using the Services.
Revision to the Privacy Policy.Any information that is collected via our Services is covered by the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is collected. We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time in our sole discretion, so review it periodically. If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we’ll endeavor to notify you of those changes by posting them on the Services or by sending you an email or other notification, and we’ll update the “Last Updated Date” above to indicate when those changes will become effective.
Posting of Revised Privacy Policy.If there are any material changes to this Privacy Policy, Zero + Maria Cornejo will notify you by email or as otherwise required by applicable law. We will post any adjustments to the Privacy Policy on this web page, and the revised version will be effective immediately when it is posted (or upon notice as applicable). If you are concerned about how your information is used, bookmark this page and read this Privacy Policy periodically.
New Uses of Personal Information.Additionally, before we use Personal Information for any new purpose not originally authorized by you, we will endeavor to provide information regarding the new purpose and give you the opportunity to opt out. Where consent of the Individual for the Processing of Personal Information is otherwise required by law or contract, Zero + Maria Cornejo will endeavor to comply with the law or contract.
California Privacy RightsCalifornia law permits users who are California residents to request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, a list of the Third Parties to whom we have disclosed their Personal Information (if any) for their direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year, as well as the type of Personal Information disclosed to those parties. Zero + Maria Cornejo does not share Personal Information with Third Parties for their own marketing purposes.
DefinitionsThe following terms shall have the meanings herein as set forth below.
“Agent” means any Third Party that Processes Personal Information pursuant to the instructions of, and solely for, Zero + Maria Cornejo or to which Zero + Maria Cornejo discloses Personal Information for use on its behalf.“Employee” refers to any current, temporary, permanent, prospective or former employee, director, contractor, worker, or retiree of Zero + Maria Cornejo or its subsidiaries worldwide.“Personal Information” is any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (“Individual”).“Process” or “Processing” means any operation which is performed upon Personal Information, whether or not by automatic means, such as collection, recording, organization, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure, or destruction.“Sensitive Data” or “Sensitive Personal Information” is a subset of Personal Information which, due to its nature, has been classified by law or by policy as deserving additional privacy and security protections. Sensitive Personal Information includes Personal Information regarding EU residents that is classified as a “Special Category of Personal Data” under EU law, which consists of the following data elements: (1) race or ethnic origin; (2) political opinions; (3) religious or philosophical beliefs; (4) trade union membership; (5) genetic data; (6) biometric data where Processed to uniquely identify a person; (6) health information; (7) sexual orientation or information about the Individual’s sex life; or (8) information relating to the commission of a criminal offense.“Third Party” is any company, natural or legal person, public authority, agency, or body other than the Individual, Zero + Maria Cornejo or Zero + Maria Cornejo’s Agents.