http://zeromariacornejo.com/pages/terms-conditions
OVERSTOCK SALE! SHOP OUR BIGGEST SALE OF THE YEAR
Home
›
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Please find Terms & Conditions of service for the Zero + Maria Cornejo online store, including our Return Policy, below. When placing an order you acknowledge that you agree to the terms outlined here in full. If you have questions about any of our policies, please email online@zeromariacornejo.com.
Shipping
Our goal is to deliver your order as quickly as possible. Zero + Maria Cornejo ships within the United States via UPS Ground (delivery within 4-6 business Days), UPS Second Day Air (delivery on the second business day) and UPS Next Day Air Saver (delivery on the next business day). All orders received after 3pm ET on Friday will be shipped the following Monday. Please note that shipping times do not include processing, please see below for information on processing times.
Orders are processed within 48 hours of receipt. We may contact you if we are unable to verify your credit card or address information. Please provide a valid email address and phone number when placing your order. If we are unable to reach you, or verify your order, it may be subject to cancellation.
Shipping and processing time does not include weekends or holidays. For additional delivery time information, please email online@zeromariacornejo.com.
Orders may be fulfilled from either New York or Los Angeles, and shipping times may vary based on the fulfillment location and shipping service selected.
Zero + Maria Cornejo does not offer same-day or weekend delivery. We are not able to ship to PO Boxes or APO/FPO.
Prices displayed on the website do not include tax. When shipping within the United States, sales tax will only be charged to orders shipping to New York state.
All shipments are insured for the value of the merchandise and may require a signature, at which point responsibility for the purchased goods is passed on to you.
International Orders
Zero + Maria Cornejo ships worldwide via UPS Standard (delivery to Canada within 4-6 business days) and DHL Worldwide Express (delivery within 4-6 business days). Please note that shipping times do not include processing, please see below for information on processing times.
We aim to provide shipping services to most locations worldwide, but please note that our shipping provider may have specific shipping restrictions in place on certain destinations. We will notify you as soon as possible if shipment cannot be completed to your location.
We are not able to ship to PO Boxes or APO/FPO addresses at this time.
Orders placed between Monday and Friday are processed within 48 hours of receipt. All orders received after 3pm on Friday will be shipped the following Monday.
Shipping and processing time does not include weekends or holidays. For additional delivery time information, please email online@zeromariacornejo.com.
Zero + Maria Cornejo does not offer weekend delivery.
All shipments are insured for the value of the merchandise and require a signature, at which point responsibility for the purchased goods is passed on to you.
Zero + Maria Cornejo is not responsible for additional taxes and duties. Should you refuse a shipment from Zero + Maria Cornejo, you will be responsible for the original shipping charges, any duties, taxes or other charges that are incurred on the package (both from the original shipment and return), and the cost of returning the package to us. This amount will be subtracted from your refund.
Customs authorities require us to accurately declare the value of all merchandise directly on the package. If you have questions about international shipments, duties, taxes or other charges please email online@zeromariacornejo.com.
Shipping Restrictions
We are unable to deliver to APO/FPO addresses, as well as P.O. Boxes. We do not offer same-day or weekend delivery. We do not deliver to forwarding addresses, which includes Aramex addresses.
PLEASE NOTE: Some countries may have restrictions on the receipt of specific items. We will notify you as soon as possible if shipment cannot be completed to your location.
Tracking Your Order
Once your order has been processed, you will receive a confirmation email that includes the tracking number for your package. Please note that orders with multiple items may ship separately. If an order is sent in separate shipments, a tracking number for each shipment will be included in your shipment confirmation email.
Product Availability
Zero + Maria Cornejo products available for purchase online include ready to wear, shoes, swimwear, accessories and gift items. All products are subject to availability; and we reserve the right to limit the quantity of products we supply, supply only part of an order or divide orders. We also reserve the right to alter the terms or duration of any special offers or sale promotion.
We will promptly inform you if we are unable to fulfill your order.
Returns & Exchanges
The Zero + Maria Cornejo online store accepts returns and exchanges on all non-Final Sale items that are received by our Returns Department within 21 days of the date of purchase. Items must be unworn and in re-sellable condition and accompanied by a completed return invoice. Shoes will only be accepted if returned in their original box with all original packing material. All items must have their original tags attached.
All Sale Items and Special Orders are Final Sale.
Returns received more than 21 days after the original purchase date are subject to refusal or restocking fee, or may be refunded in the form of store credit.
A pre-paid UPS return shipping label is provided for all eligible orders placed and delivered within the United States. The cost of using this label is $10, and is deducted from your final refund.
We offer FREE exchanges (for orders placed/delivered in the United States) on all full-priced merchandise. To make an exchange, please email online@zeromariacornejo.com with your original order information and exchange request. After stock availability is confirmed, please use our UPS return label to send back the item for exchange. The exchange shipment will be sent to you free of charge.
If you prefer to use your own shipping method, please send your return to:
Zero + Maria CornejoOnline Returns33 Bleecker St.StorefrontNew York, NY 10012
We advise customers to send returns via a method that offers shipment tracking, and to purchase shipping insurance for the full value of all merchandise sent for return. We will not assume responsibility for reimbursement or compensation in the event that return packages are lost, stolen or mishandled.
Unidentified returns may be returned to the sender.
Our physical stores are not able to process online returns. Items purchased through the online store must be returned according to the instructions above. In-store purchases are subject to the store return policy.
Your account will be credited, less any applicable shipping costs within one week of receipt. Original shipping costs are not refundable, except in the case of delivery-guaranteed services that are delayed due to avoidable error. Zero + Maria Cornejo is not responsible for delays in shipping or delivery due to force of nature or any other uncontrollable event.
In the case that there is a mistake in the fulfillment of the order, Zero + Maria Cornejo will cover the costs of the exchange on full-priced and discounted merchandise.
We guarantee our merchandise to be free of manufacturing defects and will accept any items for refund or exchange. Should this occur, Zero + Maria Cornejo will cover the costs of the return or exchange on full-priced merchandise.
Online store Customer Service can be reached at online@zeromariacornejo.com or 1 866 421 8490.
International Returns
Please email online@zeromariacornejo.com for assistance with returns from outside the United States.
Zero + Maria Cornejo will not refund international duties and taxes. Please contact your local customs office for any questions.
Order Changes and Cancellations
If you wish to make a change to a new order, please contact Customer Service at online@zeromariacornejo.com or 1 866 421 8490. Order changes and cancellations will be accommodated if possible. Refused packages are subject to a restocking fee.
Price Adjustment Policy
Zero + Maria Cornejo will do a price adjustment on items purchased within a week before a markdown. Adjustments must be requested within the first 7 days of the sale. Please note that the exact style, color and size of the item must still be available in stock at the time of the adjustment request.
Payment
Zero + Maria Cornejo accepts all major credit cards such as Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover.
Your Account
At the time of check out, you will be prompted to create an account, which will enable you to keep track of your orders, favorite items and save shipping addresses for your convenience.
Zero + Maria Cornejo provides you with the option to safely store your credit card details for ease of shopping. Your full card details will never be displayed, except for the last four digits so that you may properly identify the card being used.
Personal Information
When creating an account or placing an order, you you acknowledge that you agree to the terms of the Zero + Maria Cornejo Privacy Policy, effective May 24 2018
Please see our Privacy Policy for more information.
Secure Ordering
The security of the information regarding your order is very important to us. We use 128-bit Secure Socket Layer protocol to protect the security of your online order information. SSL technology encrypts your order information to protect it from being decoded by anyone other than Zero + Maria Cornejo. Only browsers that use the 128-bit Secure Socket Layer protocol are able to order through the Zero + Maria Cornejo website.
Products, Contents and Specifications
All features, content, specifications, products and prices of products and services described or depicted on this website are subject to change at any time without notice. Certain weights, measures and similar descriptions are approximate and are provided for convenience purposes only. We make all reasonable efforts to accurately display the attributes of our products, including the applicable colors; however, the actual color you see will depend on your computer system and we cannot guarantee that your computer will accurately display such colors. The inclusion of any products or services in this website at a particular time does not imply or warrant that these products or services will be available at any time. It is your responsibility to ascertain and obey all applicable local, state, federal and international laws (including minimum age requirements) in regard to the possession, use and sale of any item purchased from this website. By placing an order, you represent that the products ordered will be used only in a lawful manner.
Proprietary Rights
As between you and Zero + Maria Cornejo, Zero + Maria Cornejo is the owner and/or authorized user of any registered or unregistered trademark, trade name and/or service mark appearing on the Site, and is the copyright owner or licensee of the Materials and Content on the Site, unless otherwise indicated. The Zero + Maria Cornejo logos, designs, titles, phrases and product names and the copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade dress and/or other intellectual property in such materials (collectively, 'Zero + Maria Cornejo Intellectual Property') are owned by Zero + Maria Cornejo and may be registered in the United States and internationally. You agree not to display or use the Zero + Maria Cornejo Intellectual Property in any manner without Zero + Maria Cornejo's prior permission. Nothing on the Site should be construed to grant any license or right to use any Zero + Maria Cornejo Intellectual Property without the prior written consent of Zero + Maria Cornejo.
Except as otherwise provided herein, use of the Site does not grant you a license to any Materials and Content or features you may access on the Site and you may not modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute or create derivative works of such Materials and Content, features or materials, in whole or in part. Any commercial use of the Site is strictly prohibited, except as allowed herein or otherwise approved by us. You may not download or save a copy of any of the Materials and Content or screens for any purpose except as otherwise provided by Zero + Maria Cornejo. If you make use of the Site, other than as provided herein, in doing so you may violate copyright and other laws of the United States and/or other countries, as well as applicable state laws, and you may be subject to liability for such unauthorized use. The information on the Site including, without limitation, all site design, text, graphics, interfaces, and the selection and arrangements is protected by law including, but not limited to, copyright law.
Disclaimers and Limitation of Liability
Zero + Maria Cornejo publishes information on its Site as a convenience to its visitors. While Zero + Maria Cornejo attempts to provide accurate and timely information, there may be inadvertent technical or factual inaccuracies and typographical errors. We reserve the right to make corrections and changes to the Site at any time without notice. The Zero + Maria Cornejo products described in the Site may not be available in your region. Zero + Maria Cornejo does not claim that the information in the Site is appropriate to your jurisdiction or that the products described in its Site will be available for purchase in all jurisdictions.
You assume all responsibility and risk with respect to your use of the Site, which is provided 'AS IS.'
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold Zero + Maria Cornejo, its directors, officers, employees, agents and affiliates harmless from any and all claims, liabilities, damages, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, in any way arising from, related to or in connection with your use of the Site, your violation of the Terms or the posting or transmission of any materials on or through the Site by you, including, but not limited to, any third-party claim that any information or materials you provide infringes any third party proprietary right.
Disputes
Any dispute relating in any way to these Terms, your visit to the Site, or to any purchase, return or other transaction with Zero + Maria Cornejo shall be submitted to confidential arbitration in New York, New York. However, if you have in any manner violated or threatened to violate any Zero + Maria Cornejo Intellectual Property right, we may seek injunctive or other appropriate relief in any state or federal court in the state of New York. You consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in these courts. Any arbitration under this agreement and these Terms shall be conducted under the prevailing rules of the American Arbitration Association. The arbitrator's award shall be binding and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, we agree that any dispute resolution proceedings will be conducted only on an individual basis and not in a class, consolidated or representative action.
Acknowledgment of Terms & Conditions
ZEROMARIACORNEJO.COM and related services are made available to you pursuant to the stated Terms & Conditions and any other rules posted on our Sites (collectively, the “T&C”). By visiting ZEROMARIACORNEJO.COM you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in the T&C.
We may modify the T&C from time to time, and your continued use of this Site (or any of our other Sites) following such change shall signify your agreement to be bound by the modified T&C. For those persons wishing to use our services, they must read and agree to be bound by our policies relating to those services. In particular, we draw your attention to our policies relating to the terms of purchase, including the Return Policy. Please read the T&C and check back often. If you do not agree to any change to the T&C, then you must immediately stop using the Site.