http://zhi.net/privacy.shtml
Harpsichords, clavichords, spinets and virginals ... closely based on the best extant antiques from the
sixteenth, seventeenth and eighteenth centuries.
Instruments
Kits
Parts/Acc.
Restoration
Showroom
Spotlight
Videos
Intern
News
Order/Info
Search
ZHI Privacy Policy
ZHI has reviewed the requirements of the Children's Online Personal Privacy Act (COPPA), and has determined that this web site has none of the factors indicative of a site targeted to children including subject matter, language, use of animated characters, and advertising directed to children.
These factors also enter into any TV, radio, and print advertising that ZHI may incorporate. Therefore, no portion of this site may be considered to be a "website directed to children". Nevertheless, ZHI recognizes that at least one Junior High School site makes reference to ZHI's Tour of the Harpsichord feature, and to that end may attract visitors that are under the age of 13.
As indicated below, ZHI collects no personal data from visitors; only Internet Protocol addresses are collected in the standard web log records, and these just point to the time of the page view and do not provide any personal identification information.
This is how we will handle information we learn about you from your visit to our website. The information we receive depends upon what you do when visiting our site.
If you visit our site to read information:
We collect and store only the following information about you: the name of the domain from which you access the Internet (for example, aol.com, if you are connecting from an America Online account, or princeton.edu if you are connecting from Princeton University's domain); the date and time you access our site; and the Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to our site, and the resources on our web site that you accessed.
We use the information we collect to measure the number of visitors to the different sections of our site, and to help us make our site more useful to visitors.
You may identify yourself by sending an E-mail to some-address@zhi.net.
Example, you would identify yourself if you sent an EMail to our Manager of Sales & Customer Service at info@zhi.net.
You also may decide to send us personally-identifying information in EMail.
For example, you could incude personal information in an electronic mail message requesting information on the products that we sell. We use personally-identifying information from such inquiries in various ways to better serve our customers; however, this information will not be shared outside of the Zuckermann family (manufacturing facilities, webmaster, and agents/associates)!
You can contact us by postal mail, telephone, or electronically via EMail. Before you do, there are a few things you should know.
The material you submit may be seen by various people in our organization. We may enter the information you send into our electronic database for our own marketing or administrative use. If your communication is very sensitive, or includes personal information like your bank account or credit charge card numbers, please send it by postal mail instead of over the Internet, since we do not have a site with secure (SSL) facilities to encrypt such sensitive information:   please use postal mail of the telephone for all such exchanges.
For website technical issues, contact our Webmaster.
And thanks for talking to us!
We want to be very clear: We will not obtain personally-identifying information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information to us.
We do not use "cookies" to extract information about your web browsing habits. We do use "cookies" to record, in your local computer only, any preference you may specify for font size using the font size selector on the "gold" navigation bar.
We do not use special programming techniques to extract your EMail address from your browser.
Privacy
Updated on  14May05