https://zoledesign.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy
Policy
Any information collected by Zolé, LLC TM will never be passed on to
third parties for marketing purposes.
The information collected from customers during the
ordering process is only used for the purposes of billing, administration
and supporting the products and services we deliver.
The information collected from our website is only used
for website and traffic analysis and will not be used to approach website
visitors.
In certain circumstances Zolé, LLC TM contracts out services to third
parties in order to deliver a particular product such as domain name
registration. In such cases, information will be passed on only to ensure
delivery of those services. At all times, parties to which we contract
services or disclose your personal information are either covered by
contracts which protect your personal information or are subject to
obligations which are substantially similar to our own.
Zolé, LLC TM
maintains mailing lists for the purpose of providing updates and
promotional information. Emails may be sent by us to customers or web
visitors. Customers can at any time opt out of a mailing list by clicking
an unsubscribe link at the bottom of any emails received.
Zolé, LLC TM may at
times communicate with its customers regarding important service impacting
issues. These notifications cannot be construed as spam or a breach of the
privacy policy as detailed here.
Customers are responsible for any personal or private
information contained within their website.
Zolé, LLC TM will
endeavour to protect the confidentiality of customers’ information,
account information and personal communications stored within our service
and administration infrastructure. Zolé, LLC TM will use appropriate processes
and systems such as data encryption, firewalls, user authentication and
verification protocols to protect customer information from misuse, loss
and unauthorised access or modification.
By using our website and/or services, you consent to
the collection and use of information by Zolé, LLC TM as specified above.
Should you have any queries relating to our Privacy
Policy, please contact us.
Search for:
Archives
Categories
No categories
Meta
Log in
Entries feed
Comments feed
WordPress.org