https://zz9.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - ZZ9 Plural Z Alpha
Home
News
Members
Events Diary
Membership
Mostly Harmless
About
Contact
Douglas
Stuff!
Books, Audio, DVDs etc
Beeblebears
T-shirts
Select Page
Cookie Policy (unofficial)
When it comes to cookies (which is the American term for “biscuits”), our policy is to set ourselves up with a strong Brownian motion producer – say, a nice hot cup of tea – and tuck into a couple of the yummy, crumbly snacks.
However, it has come to our attention that “cookies” are also rather important when it comes to websites and, as a website, we really should have a policy for electronic cookies as well. So make yourself a fresh cup of really hot tea and settle down to read a little bit of serious stuff.
Cookie Policy (official)
As is common practice with almost all professional websites this site uses cookies, which are tiny files that are downloaded to your computer, to improve your experience.
Unfortunately in most cases there are no industry standard options for disabling cookies without completely disabling the functionality and features they add to this site. It is recommended that you leave on all cookies if you are not sure whether you need them or not in case they are used to provide a service that you use.
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. It is ZZ9 Plural Z Alpha’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect from you across our website, https://zz9.org.
We only ask for personal information when we truly need it to provide a service to you. We collect it by fair and lawful means, with your knowledge and consent. We also let you know why we’re collecting it and how it will be used.
We only retain collected information for as long as necessary to provide you with your requested service. What data we store, we’ll protect within commercially acceptable means to prevent loss and theft, as well as unauthorised access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We don’t share any personally identifying information publicly or with third-parties, except when required to by law.
Our website may link to external sites that are not operated by us. Please be aware that we have no control over the content and practices of these sites, and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy policies.
You are free to refuse our request for your personal information, with the understanding that we may be unable to provide you with some of your desired services.
Your continued use of our website will be regarded as acceptance of our practices around privacy and personal information. If you have any questions about how we handle user data and personal information, feel free to contact us.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
This policy is effective as of 1 June 2020.
All content is copyright ZZ9 Plural Z Alpha, unless otherwise stated. Please do not share and enjoy without our permission or that of the copyright holder.
This site uses affiliate links which generate a little bit of money for us, but cost you nothing. We are currently saving up enough Ningis to own one Pu.
Privacy & Cookie Policy
Contact
Website wrangling by Elly Books
CookiesThis site uses cookies Find out moreOkay, thank you