http://afr.com/digital-subscription-terms
Skip to navigationSkip to contentSkip to footerHelp using this website - Accessibility statementSearchHomeCompaniesMarketsStreet TalkPoliticsPolicyWorldPropertyTechnologyOpinionWealthWork & CareersLife & LuxuryMoreToday's PaperMarkets DataEventsListsAdvertisementUpdated: 20 November 2018A Digital Subscription (with or without an additional Home Delivery Component) to The Age, The Australian Financial Review, Brisbane Times, The Sun-Herald, The Sydney Morning Herald or WA Today is subject to the following terms and conditions.Your use of The Age and The Sydney Morning Herald websites (theage.com.au and smh.com.au), Today's Paper (formerly the Digital Edition Newspaper Replica), The Australian Financial Review website (afr.com), Brisbane Times (www.brisbanetimes.com.au/), WA Today (www.watoday.com.au) or tablet apps including The Age / The Sydney Morning Herald for iPad and/or The Age / The Sydney Morning Herald for Android is subject to the Fairfax Media General Conditions of Use, which are available at www.fairfaxmedia.com.au/company/conditions-of-use/conditions-of-useFor more information, Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ), or to contact Fairfax Subscriber Services:visit support.fairfaxmedia.com.aucall us on 136666send an email to fairfaxcustomerqueries@fairfaxmedia.com.au1. About Digital Subscriptions1.1. A digital subscription provides you with unlimited access to The Age, The Australian Financial Review, Brisbane Times, The Sydney Morning Herald or WA Today online.1.2.In order to create or activate your digital subscription, you will be required to create and/or link your subscription to a Fairfax Digital Membership account. The login details associated with your digital membership and/or digital subscription including username and password must not be shared with any other person. Your login details may be used up to a maximum of six concurrent sessions.1.3. If any misuse of your login details is detected or suspected by Fairfax (including the concurrent use of your login details and/or the use of your login details on more than the maximum allowable concurrent sessions), your subscription may be terminated and you will not be eligible for a refund. For more details visit Conditions (www.fairfaxmedia.com.au/company/conditions-of-use/conditions-of-use )1.4. If your digital subscription also includes a newspaper home delivery component, Clause 18 below applies.2. Processing and Payment2.1. Fairfax will process your digital subscription purchase as promptly as possible. Your payment details must be verified before your subscription can be activated.2.2. If your initial payment authorisation is revoked, your subscription will be terminated. We reserve the right to reject any subscription order at any time.2.3. Digital subscriptions renew automatically unless you cancel according to our cancellation policy (see clause 10 below). Payment for digital subscriptions will be direct debited from your nominated financial institution or payment method. With the exception of Gift Subscriptions, all Fairfax media digital subscriptions automatically renew unless cancelled.2.4. It is your responsibility to provide valid payment details, and ensure that your payment details are up to date. You can manage these online through: www.theage.com.au/myaccount (The Age); orwww.smh.com.au/myaccount (The Sydney Morning Herald); orwww.brisbanetimes.com.au/myaccount (Brisbane Times); orwww.watoday.com.au/myaccount (WA Today); or - subscribers.afr.com/support-centre/manage-billing-and-accounts (The Australian Financial Review); orcall us on 136666 (for The Age, Brisbane Times, The Sydney Morning Herald and WA Today); orcall us on 1800 646 990 (for The Australian Financial Review)2.5. If your payment method is invalid, or your payment is otherwise rejected, your subscription may automatically be cancelled and unlimited access revoked. If your subscription is cancelled due to such a payment issue, Fairfax makes no guarantee that the same subscription at the same price will still be available to you.2.6. Unless specified otherwise in the Cancellation policy (see clause 10 below), all charges are non-refundable.2.7. If for some unforeseen reason your complete access to our services is unavailable for a continuous period of more than 24 hours you may be eligible for a credit of a pro-rated amount for the period of the service outage. For avoidance of doubt if you are unable to access our services due to problems not related to Fairfax then you are not eligible for a refund or credit of any nature.2.8. A 0.9% fee will be added to your monthly or annual subscription cost if you pay by MasterCard, Visa,
or American Express card.3. Pricing3.1. When you purchase a digital subscription, you agree to pay the price stated at the time of your order. You also agree to the billing frequency specified at the time of your order.3.2. Any discount eligibility is determined at the time of order. Discounts cannot be applied retrospectively. All prices are in Australian Dollars (AUD).3.3. Fairfax reserves the right to change the prices and fees at any time. We will provide you with 14 days notice if the regular rate of a digital subscription changes from what was stated at the time of your order.3.4. Price changes will take effect from your next billing date after the notice period. If you do not wish to continue your subscription at the revised price, you may cancel your subscription before the end of your current direct debit pay cycle. (See clause 10 for Cancellation terms.)4. Third Party Fees and Charges4.1. If you have purchased your digital subscription indirectly through a third party (including but not limited to the Apple App Store and Google Play), these Terms and Conditions may not apply to you. Fairfax is not liable to you for any claims related to purchases made through third parties. Please contact the third party directly to address these claims.4.2. When you use your digital subscription, you may incur other additional changes, such as telecommunications fees, data fees or service provider fees. You are responsible for paying any additional charges.5. Promotions5.1. Fairfax may at times offer special promotions and other offers. The specific terms and conditions of each offer will be stated at the time of the promotion and will apply in addition to these Digital Subscription Terms and Conditions. In the event of any inconsistency between the terms and conditions of a special offer and these Digital Subscription Terms and Conditions, these Digital Subscription Terms and Conditions will apply.5.2. You may be required to provide your payment details when you sign up for a promotion. If this is a direct debit offer, your subscription will be automatically renewed after your initial payment at the standard subscription rate unless you cancel.5.3. From time to time Fairfax offers promotional items with its digital & bundle subscriptions. From time to time and at its discretion, Fairfax will communicate with its subscribers about the availability of such items and how to redeem them.5.4. From time to time Fairfax offers promotional pricing that will apply for the the term agreed when accepting that promotional offer. Pricing will automatically resume at your standard subscription rate unless you cancel.5.5. All Fairfax Media digital subscriptions (excluding Gift Subscriptions) renew automatically at the end of their respective billing cycles (see clause 2.3). Any offer or discount provided to Fairfax Media subscribers will revert to the full, auto-renewal price of the subscription, unless the subscription is cancelled prior to the end of the discounted period.5.6. From time to time, Fairfax Media may offer special subscriptions, including but not limited to discounted Student Subscriptions. If you cancel such a subscription, or if the subscription is terminated by Fairfax due to a payment or any other issue, Fairfax makes no guarantee that the same subscription at the same price will still be available to you after the cancellation/termination.6. Software Products6.1. When you purchase a digital subscription that includes The Age or SMH for iPad apps, your purchase and terms of use will also be subject to the Apple Terms of Service, available at Apple Terms and Conditions.6.2. For more information, Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ), or to contact Fairfax Subscriber Services:Visit Fairfax Subscriber Services; orCall us on 136666 (for The Age, Brisbane Times, The Sydney Morning Herald and WA Today); orCall us on 1800 646 990 (for The Australian Financial Review); orSend an email to fairfaxcustomerqueries@fairfaxmedia.com.au7. Managing Your Digital Subscription7.1. You can manage your account and personal details online through:www.theage.com.au/myaccount (for The Age)www.smh.com.au/myaccount (for The Sydney Morning Herald)www.brisbanetimes.com.au/myaccount (Brisbane Times); orwww.watoday.com.au/myaccount (WA Today); orsubscribers.afr.com/support-centre/manage-billing-and-accounts (for The Australian Financial Review)7.2. You can upgrade or downgrade your subscription package as you need using My Account or by contacting our Subscriber Services team (see clause 1.5).7.3. Upgrades will be billed from your next billing cycle, with access to digital products accessible immediately. If your upgrade option has a print component please allow a minimum of 3 days for your home delivery to be arranged.7.4. Downgrades to a lower subscription package rate will take effect from your next billing cycle. If your current subscription has a print component the home delivery will cease on our commencement of your next billing cycle.7.5. You can change your payment plan from monthly to annual in My Account. Your first annual payment will be charged on your next billing cycle date.8. Modifying Subscriptions and Suspension Policy8.1. Digital subscriptions cannot be suspended under any circumstances. If your subscription includes a home delivery component, you can suspend the delivery of the newspaper to your address for up to 60 continuous days, however the expiry date of your subscription will not be extended. Delivery will not be made during any suspension period notified to Fairfax. Please allow a minimum of 3 working days for the suspension to be processed.8.2. Subscribers must notify Fairfax Media directly to make any changes to their subscription, including, but not limited to, suspensions, cancellations, changes of email or delivery address, and any other changes to their subscription. You can suspend or change your details by:visiting Fairfax Subscriber Services; orcontacting Customer Service on 136666 (for The Age, Brisbane Times, The Sydney Morning Herald and WA Today); orcontacting 1800 646 990 (for The Australian Financial Review) or8.3. Fairfax Media will not accept any responsibility for any claims, missed deliveries, unwanted deliveries, or unexpected payments that are the result of any request made by the subscriber to any newsagency, contractor, or any other third party.8.4. If at any point you wish to have the Print Component of your subscription redirected to a new address within a deliverable area, you will need to contact Fairfax Subscriber Services (see clause 8.2 above). If the new delivery address falls within a deliverable area, it can be changed by giving Fairfax Media at least 5 business days' notice.9. Digital Subscription Gift Packages9.1. Fairfax Digital Subscription gift packages ("Gift Subscriptions") can be purchased by visiting our websites using a valid PayPal account or credit card. Fairfax retains the sole and unfettered discretion to accept or decline Gift Subscription purchase requests based on business requirements without the need to provide reasons.9.2. By acquiring, redeeming or using a Gift Subscription, you agree to these Digital Subscription Terms and Conditions.9.3. Gift Subscriptions must be paid for in advance. Gift Subscriptions are fixed subscription packages with a term of three, six or twelve months commencing on the date of redemption by the gift recipient, and are restricted to the subscription package type chosen by the person who purchases the gift subscription.At the end of the fixed term, the Gift Subscription will end.9.4. Gift purchasers may opt to send a Gift Subscription notice to their chosen gift recipient on a date within three calendar months of the purchase date. Gift Subscriptions must be redeemed within three calendar months of the gift send date. Gift Subscriptions which are not redeemed within this timeframe will be automatically forfeited, and will not be redeemable after such date. The Gift Subscription purchase price is not refundable in any circumstances, including where the Gift Subscription is forfeited in the manner described in this paragraph.9.5. No rights or benefits are conferred or accrue to a gift recipient unless and until the gift recipient redeems the gift and activates the Gift Subscription.9.6. If your Gift Subscription has a home delivery component, you will need to provide your address details on gift redemption. It will take a minimum of 3 days for your address to be validated and arranged before your delivery will commence.9.7. Gift Subscriptions are non-refundable to either gift purchaser or the gift recipient.You can elect to manage or change the details of the name and email address of recipient of your gift by visiting:www.theage.com.au/myaccount (The Age); orwww.smh.com.au/myaccount (The Sydney Morning Herald); orwww.brisbanetimes.com.au/myaccount (Brisbane Times); orwww.watoday.com.au/myaccount (WA Today); or9.8. It is your responsibility as a gift purchaser to ensure that the gift recipient's email address, name and details of the gift are correct and within a serviceable area where standard Fairfax home delivery exists, and no refunds will be provided for Gift Subscriptions purchased for out-of-area recipients. Please contact Fairfax Subscriber Services on 136666 for queries about this or other Gift Subscription queries. We will endeavour to advise of delivery issues or non-delivery of the gift via the contact details provided or captured at gift purchase and redemption.10. Cancellations10.1. You can cancel your Digital Subscription at any time by contacting Fairfax Subscriber Services using either of the following options:Call us on 136666 (for The Age, Brisbane Times, The Sydney Morning Herald and WA Today) orCall us on 1800 646 990 (for The Australian Financial Review); orSend an email that includes your full name and subscription number to fairfaxcustomerqueries@fairfaxmedia.com.au10.2. Digital Subscriptions are non-refundable. You must notify us of cancellation at least 72 hours before your next billing date, otherwise we may not be able to stop your next payment from being deducted.10.3. When you cancel, you cancel only future charges associated with your subscription. You may notify us of your intent to cancel at any time, but the cancellation will become effective at the end of your current billing period. You will continue to have the same access and benefits until the end of your current billing period. Your cancellation request must be made at least 72 hours before your next billing date otherwise we may not be able to stop your next payment being deducted.10.4. If you cancel a subscription which auto-renews on a yearly basis, you may be entitled to a pro rata refund for the unused portion of your subscription, provided the next renewal date is not less than one month of your cancellation request being made.10.5. Fairfax reserves the right to suspend or cancel your subscription at any time in its absolute discretion. In the event that Fairfax cancels your subscription, you will receive a pro-rata refund for the balance of the term on your Upfront Subscription, or if you pay by automatic direct debit every 28 days or month, Fairfax will refund your most recent subscription payment.10.6. Fairfax Media will not accept any responsibility for any claims, unwanted deliveries, or unexpected payments that are the result of any request made by the subscriber to any newsagency, contractor, or any other third party.10.7. If you email a cancellation request to fairfaxcustomerqueries@fairfaxmedia.com.au and we are unable to identify your subscription from the information you have provided, we will respond directly to your email to request further identifying information. In the event this occurs, you must reply to our email otherwise your subscription will not be cancelled.10.8. If you opt out of receiving any newsletters or other email communications associated with your subscription, Fairfax Media will not refund any subsequent subscription fees charged unless you have also cancelled your subscription in line with Clause 10.1 above. Opting out of receiving newsletters or any other email communication otherwise related to your subscription does not constitute the cancellation of your subscription.11. Cooling Off Period for Telemarketing11.1. Print or Digital Subscriptions that are purchased via our Telemarketing Channels can be cancelled for any reason within 10 business days from and including the day after these Terms and Conditions have been sent to the subscriber.11.2. Any Cancellation request made during the cooling off period must be made by contacting Fairfax Media in accordance with Clause 10.1 above.12. Fairfax Media's Right to Change Digital Products12.1. Fairfax reserves the right to modify the content, inclusions, type and availability of any digital product at any time. In the event your subscription package changes, you will be given 14 days notification prior to when you would need to make a decision to cancel and not be affected. Your package change will automatically take place from your next billing cycle.12.2. We reserve the right under special circumstances to enable free access to our subscriber content for a limited period of time. During this time subscribers will not be eligible for a refund.12.3. If any or all of our digital products are temporarily unavailable, you will not automatically be entitled to receive a refund. We reserve the right to issues refunds or credits at our sole discretion. If we issue a refund or credit, we are under no obligation to issue the same or similar refund in the future.13. Trial Terms13.1. If we grant you access to a free trial subscription and you do not cancel the trial prior to the expiry of the term, you will automatically be converted to a paid subscription upon expiry of the term. You may only cancel or opt out of the trial by contacting Fairfax Media in accordance with Clause 10.1 above. Fairfax Media takes no responsibility for complying with any cancellation requests made outside of the scope stipulated in Clause 10.1.14. Your Privacy14.1. You agree that your name, address, email address, year of birth, postcode, gender and mobile/telephone number will be collected and stored by Fairfax and used for the purpose of managing your subscription, communicating with you about your subscription and to notify you of any associated customer offers or benefits or future subscriptions, unless otherwise notified by you.14.2. Information on how we handle your personal information is explained in our Privacy Policy. You can obtain further information on the Fairfax Privacy Policy by visiting Privacy.15. Site Licence Products15.1. Site licence products do not include access to any products or features that require a user to log-in using an individual user account, including but not limited to:smartphone or tablet apps from The Age, The Sydney Morning Herald or The Australian Financial Review;newsletters;customer loyalty programs of The Age, The Sydney Morning Herald or The Australian Financial Review;Markets Data from The Australian Financial Review;Promotions from The Age, The Sydney Morning Herald of The Australian Financial Review that require a customer to log-in using their subscription account;theage.com.au, smh.com.au or afr.com from outside of the corporate network associated with the relevant corporate account.15.2. Use of site licence products may be monitored by Fairfax from time to time, including to verify that the number of personnel accessing a product does not exceed the number of people licenced for access.16. Disclaimers16.1. You agree that any errors you make in entering your contact information and order details are your responsibility and Fairfax is not liable for any consequences that may arise as a result of such errors or incorrect information, including but not limited to sending the subscription to the address as notified by you.16.2. You agree that any errors made in entering your contact information and order details are your responsibility to report to Fairfax within 7 days of becoming aware of the error. Any reimbursement provided to you in relation to any claim you make as a result of such an error will take the form of an extension to your subscription expiry date by the number of days that your newspaper was not delivered, or a pro-rata discount on your next subscription payment, depending on the nature of your subscription.16.3. To the extent permitted by law, Fairfax is not liable to you for any loss or damage incurred by you in connection with your subscription, whether direct, consequential, special, indirect or other loss or damage. In any event, Fairfax's maximum liability to you is limited to the value of the subscription fees paid within the previous twelve months.17. Your Obligations17.1. It is your responsibility to ensure that there are sufficient clear funds available in your account to allow a debit payment to be made in accordance with a direct debit request, and to notify Fairfax and update your payment details accordingly if your details have changed since your last billing date.17.2. For those with a home delivery component to their subscription, it is your responsibility to notify Fairfax if your newspaper is not being delivered within 3 days of the missed delivery.17.3. If your subscription includes a delivery component, it is your responsibility to report to Fairfax if newspaper deliveries continue to be made and/or payments continue to be deducted, if you believe a cancellation should have been processed.17.4. It is your responsibility to check your account statements to verify that the amounts debited from your account are correct and notify Fairfax if you believe you are being billed incorrectly.17.5. Fairfax will not refund past subscription payments if a subscriber has failed to contact Fairfax directly to cancel their subscription.17.6. Fairfax will not refund past subscription payments if a subscriber has failed to contact Fairfax directly to report unexpected payments on their account within three months of those payments being made.17.7. Fairfax will not provide any credits or extensions to a subscription if a subscriber has failed to contact Fairfax directly to report non-delivery of their subscription within 7 days of the occurrence of the non-delivery. Any credits or refunds will be made as detailed by clause 2.9.17.8. Fairfax may notify you if your payment method appears close to expiry, however Fairfax will not take responsibility if your financial institution continues to allow subscription payments from your payment method after it has expired. If you receive notification from us that your payment method appears close to expiry, you must take action to either update your payment details or cancel your subscription (for cancellations, see Clause 10.1).17.9. If you are experiencing any technical issues accessing your Digital Subscription, it is your responsibility to contact Fairfax Media directly to receive assistance. Fairfax Media reserves the right to refuse any request for credits, refunds, or extensions if a subscriber has not requested assistance within 48 hours of experiencing the issue.18. Home Delivery Terms18.1. Any digital subscription that includes home delivery of a newspaper is subject to this clause.18.2. Print Subscriptions to The Age, The Australian Financial Review and The Sydney Morning Herald are valid where a normal home delivery service exists. Print subscriptions to The Age are valid in parts of Victoria; to The Australian Financial Review are valid in parts of Australia; to The Sun-Herald and/or The Sydney Morning Herald are valid in parts of NSW, ACT and Queensland. For information on the applicable delivery areas:call us on 136666 (for The Age or The Sydney Morning Herald); orcall us on 1800 646 990 (for The Australian Financial Review); or18.3. Fairfax will process the Print Component of your subscription as promptly as possible. This may take up to 7 days after your subscription has been activated. Subscribers do not qualify for any credit or refund for any undelivered newspapers during this 7 day period.18.4. Delivery to addresses including (but not limited to) apartments, office buildings, and retirement and aged care facilities, are subject to delivery capability. A Print Subscription may be discontinued and the subscriber notified of the discontinuance where distribution services cease to be available, or the address is deemed to be a difficult delivery. If Fairfax Media discontinues a subscription as a result of delivery capability issues, we will offer a pro-rata refund of unused subscription fees for subscriptions paid a year or more in advance, or a refund of the last subscription fee paid for subscriptions that renew on a monthly or 28-day basis.18.5. Some subscribers of The Age, The Australian Financial Review, The Sun-Herald, or The Sydney Morning Herald, may not receive various inserts and magazines due to logistical or other limitations, particularly in non-metropolitan areas.18.6. From time to time, Fairfax Media may offer promotional items with its newspapers. Fairfax does not guarantee that newspapers delivered to Subscribers will include these items. At Fairfax's sole discretion the items may be available for collection at a newsagency or Fairfax's offices and will communicate with its Subscribers about the availability of such items and the redemption process.18.7. When you notify Fairfax Media of a non-delivery of your newspaper, Fairfax Media will credit your subscription for the day or days that your newspaper was not delivered. Depending on the nature of your subscription, this will take the form of an extension to your subscription expiry date by the number of days that your newspaper was not delivered, or a pro-rata discount on your next subscription payment.19. General19.1. You agree that all subscriptions provided, benefits accepted or offers made by Fairfax shall be deemed to be provided in Australia, notwithstanding your location, and the terms of such subscriptions, benefits and offers shall be governed exclusively by New South Wales law, and the Courts of New South Wales shall have exclusive jurisdiction to determine any such matters that may arise involving or alleged to involve Fairfax.19.2. To the extent applicable, the Fairfax General Conditions of Use also apply to use of the Fairfax Network by subscribers. Please visit Conditions.19.3. You acknowledge that these Digital Subscription Terms and Conditions may be modified by Fairfax from time to time, including but not limited to terms relating to fees and charges, cancellation and modifying your subscription.19.4. You will be notified of any changes to these Subscriptions Terms and Conditions by Fairfax on Fairfax's Subscriber Services Support webpage. Please visit Support.19.5. You can also find these Terms and Conditions on our websites:https://www.smh.com.au/digital-subscription-termshttps://www.theage.com.au/digital-subscription-termshttps://www.brisbanetimes.com.au/digital-subscription-termshttps://www.watoday.com.au/digital-subscription-termshttps://www.afr.com/digital-subscription-terms19.6. You acknowledge and agree that you are entitled to purchase a subscription from Fairfax for personal use only. You agree and acknowledge that subscriptions cannot be exploited for any commercial purpose, including on-selling your subscription to any third party. Despite this, Fairfax may, at its sole discretion, offer multiple copy subscriptions to certain organisations. Such corporate subscriptions can be arranged by visiting theCorporate Subscriptions site.20. DefinitionsIn these terms and conditions:20.1. "Fairfax Media", "Fairfax", "we" or "us" means Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited, publisher of The Sydney Morning Herald, The Sun-Herald and The Australian Financial Review; The Age Company Pty Limited, the publisher of The Age and The Federal Capital Press Of Australia Pty Limited the publisher of The Canberra Times20.2. "Subscriber", "Customer" or "You" means a person who is a subscriber to The Age, The Australian Financial Review, Brisbane Times, The Sun-Herald, The Sydney Morning Herald or WA Today.20.3. A "Print Subscription" or "Home Delivery Subscription" or "Digital Subscription" means a standard fully paid subscription to The Age, The Australian Financial Review, Brisbane Times, The Sun-Herald, The Sydney Morning Herald or WA Today, taken up directly with Fairfax, and for which these terms and conditions apply. A Print/Home Delivery Subscription includes all parts and sections of the publication deemed part of the publication for home delivery in your area; this may change from time to time in accordance with Fairfax's reasonable logistics and operational requirements.20.4. A "Today's Paper Subscription" means a paid subscription to The Age, The Australian Financial Review, The Sun-Herald, or The Sydney Morning Herald Paper product - formerly the Digital Edition Newspaper Replica.20.5. All Digital Access refers to unlimited access to the website, mobile edition, and tablet edition of the particular publication you have subscribed to.20.6. Gift Subscription refers to fixed subscription packages to The Age/The Sydney Morning Herald website, mobile and/or tablet editions with a term of three, six or twelve months commencing on the date of redemption by the gift recipient, and are restricted to the subscription package type chosen by the person who purchases the gift subscription.13 66 66(Int. +61 2 7966 6900)Mon - Fri 7:30am - 5:30pmSat - Sun 7:30am - 10:30am AESTVisit the Support Centre Help us understand what's working and where we could improve by providing feedback here.Your questions may already have answers. Have a look at our FAQs.Visit Nine for Brands for ad specs and audience insights.A look back at Australia’s most fabulous partiesMatthew Drummond, Lauren Sams, Philippa Coates and Julie-anne SpragueWhat’s ahead for watches in 2021?Five of the best Tasmanian sparkling wines'Not sitting on our hands': Coles boss up for next challengeSue MitchellThe five worst corporate stuff-ups in 2020Why McKinsey says 2021 'really, really, really matters'How to throw a fab summer party at short noticeDan F StapletonAudi goes radical with its 'sports limousine'Australians discover the joys of takeaway cocktailsEx-Rich Lister climbs aboard for telehealth shiftSimon EvansCash-strapped ex-Rich Lister selling $180m hotelVirus lifts Young Rich Listers to $100 million goal