https://bapla.org.uk/terms-conditions/
Skip to content
Newsletter Signup
Jobs
Contact Us
Logged in as
| Login
Register
Terms & Conditions
This website is owned and managed by BAPLA, a company limited by guarantee registered in England number 2876327.
Our registered office is at 52 High Street, Pinner Middlesex HA5 5PW.
For the purposes of these terms and conditions, ‘us’ ‘we’ and ‘our’ refer to BAPLA.
Your use of this websites constitutes your acceptance of these terms and conditions.
If you have any questions, please contact us at enquiries@bapla.org.uk.
Use
BAPLA’s website is intended to provide information about BAPLA’s activities and issues relevant to its objectives.
We make every effort to ensure that the information on our websites is up-to-date and correct, but we cannot guarantee that it is 100 per cent free of inaccuracies, errors or omissions.
In particular, where information is provided to or compiled by us, we endeavour to ensure that it is the most complete and accurate information available, but we cannot take responsibility for any inaccuracies, omissions or errors attributable to the author of such materials.
Please be aware that any decision made by users of our website on the basis of information on it, is the responsibility of the user.
We do not accept liability (as far as permitted by law) for any loss arising from any use of or reliance on information or links included in this site.
BAPLA is not responsible for ensuring the availability of the website or the timeliness or otherwise of any content or information being made available to you.
We reserve the right to replace or amend any part of the website at any time without notice.
Changes to these Terms and Conditions
To stay up to date, please check this page each time you use the website. BAPLA reserves the right to replace or modify these terms and any linked policies at any time without notice.
Your continued use of the sites after any such replacement or modification, constitutes acceptance of the relevant changed or new terms of use.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold us harmless from any liability, loss, claim and expense (including reasonable legal fees) related to any breach by you of these terms and conditions or arising from your use of our website.
Governing Law
Use of the website is subject to English law.
All claims or disputes arising out of or in connection with the use of the site shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the courts of England.
However, we reserve the right to bring proceedings in the courts of the country of your residence.
Trademarks and copyright
Copyright, trademarks and all other intellectual property rights on our website are either owned or licensed to BAPLA or BAPLA member organisations, unless otherwise stated.
All information and content available on or through the BAPLA website (“Content”) is protected by copyright.
Users are prohibited from modifying, copying, distributing, transmitting, displaying, publishing, selling, licensing, creating derivative works or using any Content available on or through the site for commercial, public or private purposes.
Links to other websites
Our website includes links to other websites that we hope you find useful and informative.
However, we do not endorse or accept liability for the content or privacy policy of anyone else’s websites.
We suggest that you check the privacy policy of sites linked to any of our websites that you visit.
Subscribe to our newsletter to image buyers
Email
Company
Full Name
Position
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Necessary
Always Enabled