http://billoreilly.com/pg/jsp/help/general/privacypolicy.jsp
Shop
No Spin News
Become a Member to Watch
Watch Free Excerpts
Watch Free Excerpts on Your TV
Radio
Listen to the Latest
Browse the Archive
Subscribe to the Podcast
O'Reilly Interviews
Today's Message
Read the Latest
Browse the Archive
Get Email Alerts
Columns
Read the Latest
Browse the Archive
Get Email Alerts
Message Boards
More
Apps
Podcast
Columns
Videos
Audio
Quizzes
Polls
Bill Recommends
Connect
Email BOR Support
Chat Live with BOR Support
Find Bill on Social Media
Email Bill's Public Inbox
Email Bill Directly
Shop
Gift Memberships
Stand Up For Your Country
Lifetime Memberships
Books
Killing the Mob
Killing Crazy Horse
The United States of Trump
The Killing Series
Young Readers
Paperback Books
Audio Books
All Books
Gear
Signed Photos
Stand Up For Your Country
Coffee Mugs
Home Goods
Doormats
Apparel
FREE BOOK WITH GIFT MEMBERSHIP
BillOReilly.com Privacy Policy ("Policy")
BillOReilly.com has created this Policy in order to clearly communicate our commitment to your privacy. This Policy is applicable to this BillOReilly.com website and any other website or online communications facilities owned or operated by BillOReilly.com.
BillOReilly.com is committed to safeguarding your personal information. This Policy explains how we may collect, use and disclose your personal information.
BillOReilly.com Collects Personal Information
While offering and providing our products and services, it is common for us to receive sensitive information from and about our customers.
Generally, personal information is any information that can be used, directly or indirectly, to identify, locate or contact someone. Types of personal information include names, physical addresses, mailing addresses, email addresses, phone numbers, and payment information such as credit card numbers.
Under certain circumstances, personal information may also include other information that can reasonably link to a particular person, such as internet protocol (IP) addresses, unique device identification numbers, employment information, and internet activity.
How BillOReilly.com Collects Personal Information
BillOReilly.com collects personal information in order to provide certain products and services to its customers.
Typically, personal information is received directly from out customers in the course of performing our services and selling our products.
For example, if you place a product order, BillOReilly.com will collect and use your name, address, phone number, e-mail address, and credit card information.
BillOReilly.com also collects personal information through this website.
For example, if you post information on any of our interactive areas or sign up for the BillOReilly.com mailing list, we will collect your e-mail address to update you about updates about BillOReilly.com and the products and services.
If you request promotional items, BillOReilly.com will collect and use your name and address, or e-mail address.
And if you contact us through our website, we will receive your name, email address and any comments included in your message. Our web servers may also collect information from visitors such as IP address, browser type and version, time zone setting, operating system and platform. Our website, like most websites, employs "cookies" and similar technologies. Cookies are small files that are stored on your computer or mobile device when you visit our website and allow us to recognize your browser and obtain information about your use of our website.
For more information or to adjust your cookie setting, please visit here.
How BillOReilly.com Uses Personal Information
BillOReilly.com uses the personal information you submit to provide requested services, communicate with you about BillOReilly.com products, improve your online experience, or support our continuing efforts to offer you the information and services you want most. We may also use your personal information: (1) to provide you with email alerts, event registrations and other notices concerning our products or services, or events or news, that may be of interest to you; (2) to improve our website and present its contents to you; (3) for testing, research, analysis and product development, including the use of statistical and aggregated data about our sales, traffic patterns and related site information to third parties for business purposes; and (4) for any other purpose with your consent.
Disclosure of Personal Information
BillOReilly.com does not share your specific information with non-affiliated companies or organizations outside of BillOReilly.com without your permission other than: (1) contractors, service providers and other third parties we use to support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them; (2)
to fulfill the purpose for which you provide it; (3) with your consent;
(4) to carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts, such as the Membership Agreement, entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection; (5)
to comply with any court order, law or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request;
or (6) if BillOReilly.com believes that disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the safety of other users of BillOReilly.com services or to protect the rights or property of BillOReilly.com or Bill O'Reilly.
Use of Data Collection and "Cookies"
As you use BillOReilly.com, and our services, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions and usage patterns. The technologies we use for this automatic data collection include cookies. A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. The information we collect through the use of cookies does allow BillOReilly.com to know when and for how long you logged on to the BillOReilly.com website, so that we can try to understand how to better serve your needs. If you object to the use of cookies for any reason, you may set your Internet browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the opportunity to decide whether to accept it. If, however, you decline to receive cookies, you may have difficulty in using certain features of this site.
Use of Google Adworks
BillOReilly.com uses remarketing with Google Adwords and analytics to display content specific advertisements to visitors that have previously visited our site when those visitors go to other websites that have the Google Display Network implemented.
California Residents
BillOReilly.com's Privacy Notice For California Residents supplements the information contained in this Privacy Policy and applies solely to visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of California.
Data Security
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access and disclosure. The use of, and access to, your personal information by us is restricted to employees and contractors who need to know that information to provide services to you. We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to limit access to your nonpublic personal information.
Unfortunately, transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to us through our website or other electronic means. Any electronic transmission of personal information is at your own risk.
Your Access and Your Control Over Information
You may do the following at any time: (1) opt out of any future contacts from BillOReilly.com; (2) see what information we have about you, if any; (3) change, correct, or have us delete any information we have about you; or (4) Express any concern you have about our use of your information.
Please contact us at privacy@billoreilly.com or https://www.billoreilly.com/pg/jsp/help/help.jsp
for any assistance with the above requests.
BillOReilly.com Interactive Areas
BillOReilly.com provides interactive areas such as discussion forums to enhance the user experience and build a healthy community around our website's products and services. You acknowledge that should you participate in such interactive areas, the information you voluntarily post about yourself and third parties in such areas might be accessed, collected and used by third parties outside of BillOReilly.com. DO NOT POST ANY PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION SUCH AS YOUR EMAIL ADDRESS IN OUR PUBLIC AREAS. In addition, you may not post any defamatory, obscene, slanderous, or otherwise illegal material, or any material which infringes any third-party copyrights or other intellectual property rights on any interactive areas. Violators will be subject to termination of accounts and possible legal action. Although BillOReilly.com employs advanced security technology, it cannot guarantee complete security in personal websites or password-protected areas, and BillOReilly.com will not be held liable for any user's or other visitor's disclosure of personal information on BillOReilly.com or any other website operated by BillOReilly.com.
Minors and Children
BillOReilly.com and its services are not directed to minors. We actively seek to dissuade registration from persons under 18 and do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from them. If you are under 18 years of age, you should not be using our service.
Children are not eligible to use our services and BillOReilly.com asks that minors (under the age of 18) do not submit any personal information to BillOReilly.com. If you are a minor, you can use this service only in conjunction with your parents or guardians.
Updates
We post any changes we make to our Privacy Policy on this page. The date the Privacy Policy was last updated is identified at the bottom of this page. You are responsible for periodically visiting BillOReilly.com and this Privacy Policy to check for any changes.
Questions and Comments
BillOReilly.com Privacy Policy disputes are handled by its customer service team with the highest concern for your privacy. To ask questions about or comment on this Privacy Policy and our privacy practices, you may contact us privacy@billoreilly.com or visit the "Contact Us" section of the Site. You may have this same information sent to you by e-mail by sending a letter to privacy@billoreilly.com with your e-mail address and a request for this information.
This site is owned and operated by BillOReilly.com, c/o National Fulfillment Services, 105 S Commerce Drive, Aston, PA 19014.
Last Updated:
July 2, 2020
© 2020 BillOReilly.com
Watch
Listen
Read
Shop
Privacy
Terms
Site Map
Advertise
Contact
O'Reilly Factor