https://blimey.com/privacy-policy/
Home
About Blimey!
Brilliant Links
Privacy Policy
Subscribe to our YouTube channel!
UK Features
Real Downton Abbey: Highclere Castle
Subscribe To Blimey! Magazine
Subscription Information
Shopping Cart
Checkout
My Account
Across the Pennine moors to Haworth, Yorkshire: In search of Brontë country
Exploring beautiful Medieval York in northern England
Pictures: A tour of Shakespeare’s Birthplace at Stratford-upon-Avon, England
A visit to Mr Darcy’s Pemberley : Chatsworth House at Christmas
Beautiful Bath! A visual tour of this must see historic British city
An English summer weekend in the beautiful Cotswolds
Anglophile News
Photos of Britain
Blimey! YouTube
Tour of Rannerdale Knotts, Lake District
Travel Guides
London
North West
Manchester
Liverpool
Lake District
South West
Somerset
Home / Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Share
Tweet
Share
Share
0 comments
The privacy of our visitors to Blimey! is important to us.
In summary: Any e-mails or information sent to Blimey! are not sold to any third parties. I hate spam. It’s the bane of all our lives.
At Blimey!, we recognize that privacy of your personal information is important. Here is information on what types of personal information we receive and collect when you use and visit Blimey! and how we safeguard your information. We never sell your personal information to third parties.
Log Files – As with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files. The information in the log files include your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider, such as AOL or Shaw Cable), the browser you used to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site.
Cookies and Web Beacons – We do use cookies to store information, such as your personal preferences when you visit our site. This could include only showing you a popup once in your visit, or the ability to login to some of our features, such as forums.
We also use third party advertisements on Blimey! to support our site. Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site, which will also send these advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program) information including your IP address, your ISP , the browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed. This is generally used for geotargeting purposes (showing New York real estate ads to someone in New York, for example) or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited (such as showing cooking ads to someone who frequents cooking sites).
DoubleClick DART cookies – We also may use DART cookies for ad serving through Google’s DoubleClick, which places a cookie on your computer when you are browsing the web and visit a site using DoubleClick advertising (including some Google AdSense advertisements). This cookie is used to serve ads specific to you and your interests (“interest based targeting”). The ads served will be targeted based on your previous browsing history (For example, if you have been viewing sites about visiting Las Vegas, you may see Las Vegas hotel advertisements when viewing a non-related site, such as on a site about hockey). DART uses “non personally identifiable information”. It does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, telephone number, social security numbers, bank account numbers or credit card numbers. You can opt-out of this ad serving on all sites using this advertising by visiting http://www.doubleclick.com/privacy/dart_adserving.aspx
You can choose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security. However, this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites. This could include the inability to login to services or programs, such as logging into forums or accounts.
Deleting cookies does not mean you are permanently opted out of any advertising program. Unless you have settings that disallow cookies, the next time you visit a site running the advertisements, a new cookie will be added.
Top Blimey! Anglophile Featured Stories
Exploring beautiful Medieval York in northern England
Tim Holt | November 2, 2018
When visiting the UK don’t overlook the fascinating northern English City of York. It’s filled with historic buildings, quirky shops, and a rather gruesome past. It’s a unique place...
3
Tim Holt | September 22, 2018
Taking a trip to the real Downton Abbey: Highclere Castle
Tim Holt | May 15, 2017
Across the Pennine moors to Haworth, Yorkshire: In search of Brontë country
Tim Holt | May 6, 2017
Beautiful Bath! A visual tour of this must see historic British city
Tim Holt | August 10, 2014
A visit to Mr Darcy’s Pemberley : Chatsworth House at Christmas
The Latest
December 8, 2018
Fancy living just like Mr Darcy? Now’s your chance (for a cool $11 million)
December 7, 2018
204 years ago: The great London beer flood of October 1814
December 3, 2018
Bonkers Great Britain! 4 of the daftest UK Bank Holiday events
November 29, 2018
Blimey! Britain’s smallest home sells for a whopping $440,000
Recent Posts
Fancy living just like Mr Darcy? Now’s your chance (for a cool $11 million)
204 years ago: The great London beer flood of October 1814
Bonkers Great Britain! 4 of the daftest UK Bank Holiday events
Blimey! Britain’s smallest home sells for a whopping $440,000
Watch UK Telly: History of Shakespeare’s First Folio
Tagsanglophile
BBC
blimey
britain
british
british accent
Buckingham Palace
Chatsworth House
Doctor Who
downton
downton abbey
Downton Abbey Season 5
Downton Abbey Series 5
england
english
English Accent
Featured
fish and chips
Food
freejumping
history
houses of parliment
iPlayer
knightsbridge
Lake District
list
london
Mr Darcy
New York
On This Day
On This Day in British History
On This Day in History
pemberley
Pride and Prejudice
queen
Scotland
shakespeare
stratford
stratford-upon-avon
tea
The Royal Family
Tower of London
TV
VPN
william shakespeare
CategoriesCategories
Select Category
Anglophile News  (130)
Blimey  (18)
British Daftness  (20)
British History  (49)
British Life  (23)
British TV  (25)
Competitions  (2)
Fashion  (2)
Featured  (35)
Food  (8)
Regions  (25)
London  (15)
North East  (1)
North West  (7)
Derbyshire  (2)
Lake District  (1)
Manchester  (1)
Yorkshire  (1)
Scotland  (1)
South West  (1)
Somerset  (1)
Wales  (1)
Royal Family  (5)
Sports  (2)
TopFeatured  (5)
UK Travel  (18)
Uncategorized  (3)
Hello! Hope you've enjoyed Blimey! - Contact us via the contact form if you have any question. Fancy a cuppa?
Home
wpDiscuz
Share This
Facebook
Twitter
Gmail
reddit
Print Friendly