https://buchanan.org/blog/privacy-policy-2
Skip to content
Menu
Home
PJB Shop
About
Biography
Praise
Copyright
Privacy Policy
Brigade E-List
Keep Us Online!
Note to Pat
Contact
Note to Pat
Quotes
Media
VIDEO: Pat – Back in the Day
VIDEO: Pat Buchanan Interviews
VIDEO: News and Commentary
VIDEO: Buchanan Books
VIDEO: Clips and Snips About PJB
VIDEO: Documentaries and More!
VIDEO: PJB on C-SPAN
Columns
Who we are:
Our website address is:
https://buchanan.org/blog
Mailing Address:
Linda Muller c/o Buchanan.org
707 West Main Street, Smethport, PA 16749
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
Currently we do not include a contact form.
Plugins
Some WordPress plugins used on this site may collect a users IP address and use Cookies. For example, when rating a post 1-5 stars, the plugin will retain your IP Address to prevent multiple ratings by a single user.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Buchanan.org uses Google Analytics. View their Privacy Policy here….
Who we share your data with
Really Simple SSL –  does not process any personal identifiable information, so the GDPR does not apply to these plugins or usage of these plugins on this website. You can find their privacy policy here.
Akismet –  Collects information about visitors who comment on Sites that use Akismet anti-spam service. The information collected depends on how the User sets up Akismet for the Site, but typically includes the commenter’s IP address, user agent, referrer, and Site URL (along with other information directly provided by the commenter such as their name, username, email address, and the comment itself).
PayPal – Some purchases and donations are made through PayPal. Please view PayPal’s Privacy Policy here…
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Contact information
For privacy-specific concerns you may write to:
Linda Muller — 707 West Main Street, Smethport, PA 16749
Additional information
How we protect your data
Our website is has a SSL certificate. Visitors to Buchanan.org can connect to our website securely over SSL.
SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) is a standard technology behind establishing an encrypted connection between a web server (host) and a web browser (client). This connection between the two makes sure that all the data passed between them remain private and intrinsic. SSL is an industry standard and is used by millions of websites to protect their online transactions with their site visitors and/or customers. If you have ever visited a website using the https:// in the address bar you were creating a secure connection via SSL.
What automated decision making and/or profiling we do with user data
We do not profile or use data for automated decision making.
Industry regulatory disclosure requirements
None
===  end ===
Like this:Like Loading...
Right From the Beginning – Leather EditionNew - Now Available!
A Conservative Classic!
Full Leather Bound Edition of Right From the Beginning,
signed by Pat Buchanan Read more....Videos: Latest Buchanan-Trump & America First! View Our Playlist…
President Trump’s Twitter!My TweetsPost Your Comments on FaceBook!
Post Your Comments on FaceBook!
Contact the President, Congress and Government AgenciesPresident Trump:
- Trump Twitter
- Trump FaceBook
- Trump Website
- White House
- Trump Instagram
Contact Government Agencies and Elected Officials
Help Stir Up the Swamp - Send Them Pat's Columns!
- USA.Gov
Contact Senate and House Leadership and Committee Chairmen
Demand they Put America First and
Stand with President Trump!
- See list here...Support Our Site!We appreciate your help!Pat's Top Rated Columns for the Past Year
Will War Derail Trump’s Reelection? - 113 votes
Cancel the White Men — And What’s Left? - 111 votes
How Long Will the Vandals Run Amok? - 100 votes
If Baghdad Wants Us Out, Let’s Go! - 98 votes
Will the Coronavirus Kill the New World Order? - 96 votes
Our Real Existential Crisis — Extinction - 88 votes
Liberal Mush from the Mad Dog - 86 votes
Kissinger’s Call for a New World Order - 84 votes
Can This Pandemic Usher in a New Era? - 83 votes
Assaulted and Vilified, the Cops Save the Cities - 80 votes
Join Gab – Dissenter!The Comment Section of the Internet!
Gab SocialVideo & Audio
Recent Posts
What Biden’s First 100 Days Might Look Like
December 8, 2020
Video: McLaughlin Group – December 4, 2020
December 8, 2020
Ignoring the War Risks of Red Lines
December 4, 2020
Has Bibi Boxed Biden in on Iran?
December 1, 2020
A Historic Presidency
November 27, 2020
Video: McLaughlin Group – November 27, 2020
November 27, 2020
What Trump Will Leave in Biden’s Inbox
November 24, 2020
Is Trump Exiting Afghanistan — to Attack Iran?
November 20, 2020
Video: McLaughlin Group – November 20, 2020
November 20, 2020
Beijing Sends Biden a Warning
November 17, 2020
Diabolic and Devious – This Book is No Longer Fiction! Documentary – Kill Chain: The Cyber War on America’s Elections
Search Our Site
Search for:
Sort by
Relevance
Newest first
Oldest first
Get Pat’s Columns
A Republic Not an Empire – Leather Edition
Full Leather Bound Edition of A Republic, Not an Empire, Signed by Pat Buchanan
- Read more...Buchanan Books
Note: We are an Amazon Associate. Your purchases on Amazon.com via our links will help support Buchanan.org - at no extra cost to you!Pat’s Latest Book!Signed by Pat Buchanan!
Most Read Columns for All Time
A Brief for Whitey - 289,946 viewsDid Hitler Want War? - 206,299 viewsHow to Bring Manufacturing Back Home - 103,969 viewsYes, the System Is Rigged - 98,808 viewsHave the Neocons Destroyed the Presidency? - 90,055 viewsThe Donald Lives! - 81,428 viewsBlack America’s Real Problem Isn’t White Racism - 79,224 viewsThe Donald & The La Raza Judge - 71,363 viewsThe Poodle Gets Kicked - 70,981 viewsDishonoring General Jackson - 67,695 viewsIslamo-fascism? - 67,063 viewsIs the System Rigged? You Betcha. - 55,893 viewsWhy the Authoritarian Right Is Rising - 53,911 viewsIs Putin One of Us? - 52,065 viewsWhose Side Is God on Now? - 51,130 views
Search Our Site
Search for:
Sort by
Relevance
Newest first
Oldest first
Pat Buchanan Social…Books Signed by Pat!
Support Us Monthly!
Support Options:
$5.00 : $5.00 USD - monthly
$10.00 : $10.00 USD - monthly
$15.00 : $15.00 USD - monthly
$20.00 : $20.00 USD - monthly
$30.00 : $30.00 USD - monthly
RSS - PostsRSS - Comments
Topics!Afghanistan
al-Qaida
America First
American Jobs
Barack Obama
Bibi Netanyahu
China
Cold War
Culture War
Democrats
Donald J. Trump
Economy
Election
Europe
European Union
Foreign Policy
Free Trade
George W. Bush
Globalism
GOP
Hillary Clinton
Illegal Immigration
Iran
Iraq
ISIS
Israel
Joe Biden
John McCain
Middle East
Nationalism
NATO
Neocons
New World Order
Nuclear Weapons
Pat Buchanan
Racism
Republican
Richard M. Nixon
Ronald Reagan
Russia
Syria
Taxes
Vladimir Putin
War
War Party
Scroll back to top
%d bloggers like this: