https://bunyippress.com.au/privacy-policy/
Trending now
BUNYIP GOES BACK 2005 - 2 hours ago
Westhoff hands over the reins - 2 days ago
Parafield Gardens flexes in top spot - 2 days ago
Black and white delight under lights - 2 days ago
Eagles’ season ends in heartbreak - 2 days ago
Fri, 11 December
Login / Subscribe
Privacy Policy
The Gawler Co Pty Ltd trading as The Bunyip takes your privacy very seriously.
We are NOT in the business of selling, renting or disclosing your personally identifiable
information to others. We have created this statement to illustrate our commitment to your
privacy.
What information do we gather and track?
We record IP addresses (the Internet address of a computer) to track sessions on our site.
Tracking gives us an idea of which parts and pages of our site users are visiting, how often
they visit them, and how long they spend there. We do not link IP addresses to anything
personally identifiable. This means that even if your session is tracked, you still remain
anonymous. We also track browser type and platform. We use this information to deliver
customised information specific to a particular platform and to determine the “mix” of
browser types accessing our site. This information helps us make our site operate correctly
with your browser. However, if you:
• Purchase a product
• Sign up for a mailing list or subscribe to our website
• Fill out a survey, or sign onto a page that requires authorisation
• Or enter into any other transaction with us,
You may be asked to provide us your name, e-mail address, phone number, fax number,
postal address, credit card number (for purchases), and possibly other personal information.
Additional demographic information may be optionally requested in order to improve our
service to our customers. We may use the information you provide to:
• Keep you informed of new releases of our products.
• Provide helpful hints and tips on how to use our products.
• Make special offers that we extend only to our registered customers.
• Improve our site and the services we offer you.
Cookies and how we use them
Cookies are unique text files that are sent to your browser from a Web server. As you
browse our web site, cookies are placed on your computer’s hard drive to track the method
of your referral to our site and whether you downloaded demo software and/or purchased
software. The usage of these cookies is generally not linked to any personally identifiable
information; however, if you enter our web site, we may keep a record of how you reached
our site to help us understand your interests and thereby serve you better.
With whom may we share your information?
We may collect, create and disclose to third parties aggregated, anonymous statistics
regarding our sales, traffic analyses and other information regarding or collected through
our web site. This information won’t include individually identifiable data about you. We
may also sometimes engage agents or contractors to perform services necessary to our
operations (for example, delivery of products etc.).
Finally, in the event our company or its assets were ever sold, our customer database
naturally would be transferred to the new owner. Except as described above, and except as
may be required by law, we will not disclose your personally identifiable information to
others without your consent.
Correction/Updating Personal Information
If your personally identifiable information changes (such as your post code), or if you no
longer desire our service, we will endeavour to provide a way to correct, update or remove
your personal data provided to us. This can be accomplished by contacting The Taylor Group
via e-mail, fax, phone or mail communication.
Links to Other Web Sites
This site contains links to other Web sites. Although we do not provide any personally
identifiable information to these companies, we cannot guarantee your privacy once you
leave The Taylor Group site. We are not responsible for the privacy policies, practices or
content of web sites with links on our site. We encourage you to read the posted privacy
statement whenever interacting with any web site.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information
via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is
encrypted and transmitted to using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology. You can verify
this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for
“https” at the beginning of the address of the web page. However, some firewalls and
certain versions of browsers don’t permit communication through secure servers.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also
protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a
specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally
identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable
information are kept in a secure environment.
Registration & Subscription
In order to use this website, a user must first complete the subscriptions process. During the
process a user is required to give certain information (such as name and email address). This
information is used to contact you about the products/services on our site in which you
have expressed interest.
Orders
We request information from you on our order form(s). To buy from us, you must provide
contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit
card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your
orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we’ll use this information to contact you.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our site may request information via surveys or contests. Participation in
these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to
participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include
contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information
(such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and
award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the
use and satisfaction of this site.
Feedback or Questions
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, or have any questions or feedback
regarding our privacy statement, please contact us as follows:
The Murray Pioneer Pty Ltd
P.O Box 832, Renmark, SA 5341
Phone 08 8586 8000
Fax 08 8586 4333
Email office@murraypioneer.com.au
Privacy Policy Updates
Check back for updates to this privacy policy since we may update it from time to time
without notice.
Follow Us
Facebook Like
TwitterFollow
InstagramFollow
Recent Posts
BUNYIP GOES BACK 2005
BUNYIP GOES BACK 2005
6 hours ago
Westhoff hands over the reins
Westhoff hands over the reins
December 9, 2020
Parafield Gardens flexes in top spot
Parafield Gardens flexes in top spot
December 9, 2020
Black and white delight under lights
Black and white delight under lights
December 9, 2020
Eagles’ season ends in heartbreak
Eagles’ season ends in heartbreak
December 9, 2020
Weather
Top
×