https://cm.newsleader.com/cookie-policy#
Cookie PolicyLast Updated October 5, 2020 This cookie policy (“Cookie Policy”) describes the cookies and other technologies used on this website (the “Site”) by © Gannett Co., Inc. and its affiliated local media companies (“Gannett”, “Gatehouse” “we”, “us” or “our”).We have created this Cookie Policy to explain what these technologies are and why we use them, as well as your rights to control our use of them. This Cookie Policy forms part of our Privacy Policy. By using the Site, you consent to the practices described in this Cookie Policy and the Privacy Policy and to the updates to these policies posted here from time to time.Our use of cookies may change from time to time. When they do, we will amend this Cookie Policy by issuing an amended version with a new "Last Updated" date. To make sure you stay informed of all changes, you should check these policies periodically. Updates will be referenced by the "Last Updated" date shown above.Please Note, We include references in this Cookie Policy to other websites that provide information about cookies and about opt-out choices. We are not affiliated with those sites or the third parties that operate them. We are not responsible for the content on those sites, and provide links to them for information and convenience only.Table of Contents What is a Cookie?How we use the information we collect through CookiesThird Party CookiesHow you can manage your CookiesCookies we use on our websiteContact Us 1. What is a Cookie? A cookie is a small piece of data (text file) that a website places on your browser to store on your device in order to remember information about you, such as your language preference or login information. Cookies work by assigning a number to the browser that has no meaning outside the assigned website. Cookies can be stored on your computer for different periods of time. "Session cookies" only last for as long as the browser session and are deleted automatically once you close your browser. "Persistent cookies" cookies survive after your browser is closed until a defined expiration date set in the cookie (as determined by the party placing it), and help recognize your computer when you open your browser and browse the Internet again.We may also use pixel tags (usually in combination with cookies) to get information about your usage of the Site and about your interaction with email or other communications. Pixel tags are a technology similar to cookies that can be embedded in online content or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking activity on websites (for example, to know when content has been shown to you), or to know when you have viewed particular content or a particular email message.For more details on cookies and similar technologies, please visit www.allaboutcookies.orgPlease Note, If you limit the use of certain cookies, you may be unable to benefit from the Site’s full functionality.2. How we use the information we collect through Cookies Cookies help us recognize repeat users and allow us to track web usage behavior. Aggregated cookie data helps us enhance our products and services. For example, the data helps us learn which content is popular. Most importantly, Cookies are used for the functionality of the website such as remembering your login status and user preferences. These cookies will enable us to customize the materials we provide to you based on your online interests and preferences. Cookies may also assist with our promotional, event, contest and marketing efforts. (including behavioral advertising)Gannett uses both first-party cookies as well as third-party cookies to enhance your online experience by allowing us to display relevant content and advertising. First party cookies are placed on a website directly by the owner of the site, in this case, Gannett. Third party cookies are placed on a website by third party providers (for example, by companies that provide advertising tracking or web analytics services) and by advertisers on the website. This data collection takes place on our sites, apps and emails, and on third party websites and apps.3. Cookies and Other Technologies Used On The Site We work with third parties to support the Site by serving advertisements or providing services, such as providing users with the ability to comment on content, allowing users to share content, customizing content based on usage, or tracking aggregate site usage statistics. These third parties use their Cookies to collect information on the site and we may not have access to these Cookies, although we may use information from the Cookies provided by these third parties to customize content and for the other purposes. These companies may also transfer this information to other parties where required to do so by law, or where such other parties process the information on their behalf. The information, which may be combined with other information acquired from third parties such as demographics and other marketing segment information, may be used by the third party to serve advertisements that they believe are most likely to be of interest to you based on content you have viewed and measure the effectiveness of their advertisements.You can learn how to manage cookies in section Manage your cookies Section. However, we may not control these third party Cookies and their use may be governed by the policies of the third parties employing these Cookies. To learn more about managing Third Party cookies, in the further information section of the “Cookies We Use on our Website” section.4. How you can manage your Cookies If you are based in the European Economic Area, when you first visit the Site you will be asked to consent to the use of certain cookies and other technologies on the Site in accordance with this Cookie Policy and if you accept, we will store them on your device. You may change your preferences at any time in our Preference Center by clicking on the Cookie Settings button below.If you are a California Resident, Under the California Consumer Privacy Act, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information to third parties. These cookies collect information for analytics and to personalize your experience with targeted ads. You may exercise your right to opt out of the sale of personal information by using the “Do Not Sell My Info” Link at the bottom of the website. If you opt out we will not be able to offer you personalized ads and will not hand over your personal information to any third parties.Exercise your rights by clicking on the button below.Cookie SettingsIf you make updates to your browser or device settings, or use an online link to opt out of Cookies, those updates apply to the device where you made the changes. Please note that by disabling or blocking any or all Cookies, some features may not operate as intended, or you may not have access to features or personalization available through the Site. Note that opting out of Advertising Cookies is a device-based action. Changes to cookies will not remove advertising from the pages you visit; instead it means the ads you will see may not be matched to your interests.You can also stop Cookies from being downloaded to your device through your web browser. You can find instructions in the “Help” section on the toolbar of your browser or visit www.allaboutcookies.orgIf you access the Site on your mobile device, you may not be able to control tracking technologies through the settings. You should check your mobile device's settings to determine whether you can control cookies through your mobile device.Sections below include links with information on how to opt out of specific Performance, Targeting, and Social Networking Cookies.Opting Out of Targeted AdvertisingTargeted advertising is advertising that is personalized for you based on cookies that track your interests and behavior on websites. Several advertising industry associations offer consumers the ability to opt-out from online targeted advertising conducted by all of their member advertisers. If you would like to find out more information, please visit the websites listed below and follow the opt-out instructions there if you wish to opt-out: Network Advertising Initiative’s online resources at optout.networkadvertising.orgDigital Advertising Alliance's consumer choice website at optout.aboutads.infoDigital Advertising Alliance of Canada at youradchoices.caIf you are in the EU, European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s at youronlinechoices.eu 5. Cookies we use on our website 6. Contact Us If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Cookie Policy, you may contact us using the information below: By Web Request: Web FormBy Phone: 1 (844) 510-3710 General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) - European RepresentativePursuant to Article 27 of the GDPR, Gannett has appointed a company called European Data Protection Office (EDPO) as its GDPR representative in the EEA. If you are an individual based in the EEA, in addition to or alternatively to contacting us, you can also contact EDPO regarding matters pertaining to the processing of your Personal Data under GDPR as follows: By EDPO’s online request formBy email: privacy@edpo.brusselsBy post: EDPO, Avenue Huart Hamoir 71, 1030 Brussels, Belgium