https://cm.pressconnects.com/advertising-terms-conditions
Gannett Print and Online Advertising Terms and ConditionsIf Advertiser is purchasing (i) print advertising ("Print Ads") for display in Publisher’s newspaper property(ies) (each a "Newspaper"), or (ii) online display advertising ("Digital Ads" and collectively with Print Ads, "Ads") for distribution on Publisher’s digital media property(ies) (e.g., Publisher’s website(s), Publisher’s tablet or mobile applications, digital display ads associated with the e-edition of Publisher’s newspaper, etc.) specified in the applicable Order (each a "Digital Property"), then the additional terms and conditions set forth in this Addendum A and Addendum A-2 will apply to each Order submitted for such Advertising Services.1. Rates.   Unless otherwise specified in Advertising Commitment in connection with a Commitment from Advertiser, Advertiser’s purchase of Ads for display in the Newspapers, on the Digital Properties will be billed at Publisher’s Standard Rates. Upon request, Advertiser will be provided a copy of Publisher’s standard rate card. The rate card, including any applicable terms and conditions in such rate card, are hereby incorporated into this Agreement by reference, provided that in the event of a conflict between any terms or conditions in the rate card and the terms of this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement will control. Publisher reserves the right to modify its rate card, including increasing its Standard Rates, at any time and from time to time. Publisher will provide Advertiser with at least 30 days’ prior written notice of any rate increase. If Advertiser objects to any such increase, it shall have the option to discontinue display of the applicable Ads by giving written notice to Publisher prior to the effective date of such changes. Advertiser’s right to discontinue the display of its Ads shall be its sole and exclusive remedy in the event of a rate increase. If Advertiser does not elect to discontinue display of the applicable Ads, then, following the expiration of the notice period, all Ads shall be billed at Publisher’s increased rates.2. Delivery.2.1. Deadlines.  Advertiser will provide Publisher all applicable Ads by Publisher’s standard deadline (as designated by Publisher), in a format suitable for display in the Newspaper(s) or on the applicable Digital Property(ies), as applicable, via a transmission method mutually agreed upon by the parties. Advertiser shall have the right to change any Ads(s) after submission, provided that it submits any such changes to Publisher no later than Publisher’s standard deadline (as designated by Publisher). Advertiser shall pay all expenses connected with the delivery of the Ad(s) to Publisher. Changes to any Ads after first publication may result in additional charges, which will be disclosed to Advertiser in advance.2.2. Submission of Advertising Materials.  Unless otherwise agreed to by the parties in writing, Advertiser will provide all creative services and necessary text, data, images, illustrations or graphics and/or other materials with respect to the Ads(s). Advertiser will submit the Ad(s) in accordance with the applicable Publisher policies in effect from time to time, including policies regarding artwork specifications, format and submission deadlines.3. Ad Serving.  Advertiser grants to Publisher a license to (a) display Advertiser’s Ads on the Distribution Network; and (b) modify, copy, reformat, transmit and otherwise manipulate the Ads in connection with such display. Advertisements will be served in accordance with one of the following options:3.1. By Publisher.  If Publisher! will be responsible for serving the Digital Ads through its own ad servers, then Publisher will track delivery of the Digital Ads through such servers. The parties agree that Publisher’s final impression measurements will be used to determine the fees due under this Agreement.3.2. By a Third Party.  If a third party ("Third Party") will be responsible for serving the Digital Ads through such Third Party’s ad server, and such Third Party will track delivery of the Digital Ads through its server. The Third Party’s final audited impression measurements will be used to determine the fees due under this Agreement. If the parties agree to use a Third Party ad server under the terms of this Addendum, Advertiser agrees to provide Publisher with a user login name and password to access the Third Party’s impression measurements for purposes of verification of such measurements.4. Invoices.  Publisher agrees that invoices covering the delivery of Ads hereunder will contain: (a) the dates and times upon which Advertiser’s Ads were displayed in the Newspapers and/or the Digital Properties, and, if applicable, dates and times upon which the Ads could be accessed on the Digital Properties, (b) where applicable, the number of impressions, and/or click-throughs reported during such dates, and (c) the charge to Advertiser. The invoice shall serve as Publisher’s) certificate of performance.5. Short Rating.  If Advertiser has made a Commitment in accordance with Advertising Commitment of this Agreement and, at the end of the Commitment Term set forth in Advertising Commitment Advertiser has either (i) purchased less volume (inches/pages/impressions) of Ads than agreed to in the Advertising Commitment or (ii) fallen short of the minimum revenue commitment agreed to in Advertising Commitment , then, if Publisher’s Standard Rates are higher than the rates Advertiser was paying during the Commitment Term, (a) Advertiser will be billed for (and will be obligated to pay) the difference between the Standard Rate and the Commitment Term rate for all Ads that ran during the Commitment Term, and (b) Advertiser will be billed at the Standard Rate (as such Standard Rate may be modified in accordance with Section 1, above) for all Ads run after the Commitment Period.6. Cancellation.6.1. Cancellation of Print Ads.  Cancellations will not be accepted for Print Ads after the Publisher’s standard closing time, as designated by Publisher. Advertiser will be responsible for any production or creative services provided by Publisher regardless of the cancellation of any Print Ads.6.2. Cancellation of Digital Ads6.2.1. Cancellation Prior to Initial Distribution  At any time prior to the serving of the first impression of a Digital Ad on a Digital Property under this Agreement, Advertiser may cancel an online advertising campaign on thirty (30) days prior written notice to Publisher.6.2.2. Cancellation After Initial Distribution Once the first impression of a Digital Ad has been served on any Digital Property, Advertiser may cancel an online advertising campaign by giving Publisher written notice of such cancellation, which cancellation will be deemed effective on the later of: (i) thirty (30) days after serving of the first impression of the applicable campaign; or (ii) fourteen (14) days after providing Publisher with such notice. If Advertiser exercises its right to cancel under this Paragraph 8(b), Advertiser will be responsible for all fees that accrue prior to the cancellation date.7. Responsibility for Advertisements.7.1. Technical Quality; Typographical Errors; Incorrect Insertions or Omissions.  Publisher is not responsible for any material that is not properly displayed or that cannot be accessed or viewed because the material was not received by Publisher in the proper form, in a timely manner, or in an acceptable technical quality for display on the Digital Property(ies). This Agreement cannot be invalidated, and neither Publisher will be liable for typographical errors, incorrect insertions or incorrect publication or omissions in any Advertiser Content displayed or published pursuant to this Agreement or omitted from display or publication.7.2. Failure to Display Advertiser Content.  Publisher Properties hereunder) are not required to display any Advertiser Content or other material for the benefit of any person or entity other than Advertiser. If there is an interruption or omission of the publication of any Advertiser Content or other material contracted to be published hereunder, Publisher may suggest a substitute time period for the publication of the interrupted or omitted Advertiser Content or material or run the Ads in a different position in the Newspaper(s) or on the Digital Property(ies), as determined by Publisher. Alternatively, in cases where Advertiser is paying on a fixed fee basis or has paid in advance, and if no such substitute time period is acceptable to Advertiser in Advertiser’s good faith business judgment, Publisher shall provide a "make good" in the form of a reduction in the amount of fees due to Publisher (or credit of fees already paid) equal to the proportionate amount of money assigned to the interrupted or omitted Ad(s). Such substitution in time period or placement or reduction in fees shall be Advertiser’s sole and exclusive remedy for any failure to display Ads or other advertising material and Publisher shall have no further liability hereunder for such failure.7.3. Removal or Change of Content.  Publisher, in its sole discretion, may remove or revise its Newspaper(s) and/or Digital Property(ies), including the Newspapers’ and/or Digital Properties’ content, nature, design, and/or organization, during the term of this Agreement. If any such revision materially alters the value of the Ad(s) to be run by Advertiser, Publisher will notify Advertiser of such revisions. If the parties cannot agree upon a satisfactory substitution for the affected ads due to such revision, Advertiser may cancel this Agreement with respect to the affected Ad(s) and shall not have to pay (or shall receive a refund) for Ads not displayed due to such cancellation. Such cancellation shall be Advertiser’s sole and exclusive remedy and Publisher shall have no further liability whatsoever.9. Pre-Print Policy.  All pre-prints must conform to the Publisher’s standard pre-print specifications and recommended waste calculations, which will be provided by each Publisher. Inserts must be delivered to the Publisher at least 10 days in advance of distribution date. The Publisher will invoice pre-print billing quantities based on copies actually distributed (i.e., home delivery net sales, single copy total draw, and other circulation). Advertiser agrees to be billed the ordered distribution in the event that out of specification inserts are received.10. Branded Content Advertising.  This section applies if the campaign(s) described in the Agreement contemplate that Publisher will distribute Branded Content (aka "Native Advertising") campaigns on behalf of Advertiser. Branded Content can include short-form content or long-form content, videos, emails, or social media posts that is published on Publisher’s print and/or digital platforms and that is either (i) created by or on behalf of Publisher, at Advertiser’s direction, for the purpose of enabling Publisher to run a contextually relevant advertisement on behalf of Advertiser ("Publisher Branded Content"), or (ii) is created or provided by Advertiser or its designee for placement by Publisher in or on its print or digital properties specified herein ("Advertiser Branded Content"). Advertiser, in its sole discretion, will have the right to approve any Publisher Branded Content prior to publication or distribution by Publisher in connection with the campaign described herein, and Publisher, in its sole discretion, will have the right to approve any Advertiser Branded Content prior to publication or distribution by Publisher in connection with such campaign. For clarity, Publisher will not be obligated to publish, via any platform, any Advertiser Branded Content that Publisher determines, in its sole discretion, does not meet Publisher’s content guidelines or is otherwise inappropriate for publication. In addition, Publisher reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to include labels in, on and/or around any Branded Content published on behalf of Advertiser hereunder that indicate that the applicable Branded Content was paid for and/or provided by Advertiser.11.1 FTC Guidelines.  Publisher and Advertiser shall each comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations, including without limitation the FTC’s Guides Concerning Endorsements and Testimonials and the FTC’s Enforcement Policy for Native Advertising.11.3 Cancellation of Branded Content Campaign. If Advertiser cancels prior to the start date of the campaign, Advertiser shall be obligated to pay for any fees and costs incurred associated with the Services which have been completed up to the point of cancellation, plus non-cancellable costs and fees which are owed for third party contracts which cannot be cancelled.11. Pay for Performance / Lead Generation.  This section applies to an Advertisement in the Publication or on the Publication’s website which include a designated phone number or a tracking code or a click through from the Publication’s Site to the Advertiser by which Publication and Advertiser can track and verify readers to respond to and offer in the Advertisement. Any specific qualifications for the lead shall be included in the Insertion Order or on the Advertising Commitment. Publication shall have the right to audit the Advertiser’s records to confirm the number of qualified leads generated by the Advertisement. Publication shall be provided with access to the call tracking records and other records maintained by Advertiser. Publication shall be paid a percentage of the revenue generated from the lead or a fee per lead as specified in the Advertising Commitment or Insertion Order. Only unused print and digital inventory will be available for the Advertisements. The frequency, location, and placement of the Advertisements shall be determined by Publisher, in its sole discretion. Digital Marketing ServicesIf Advertiser is purchasing digital marketing services under this Agreement ("Marketing Services"), then the additional terms and conditions set forth in this Addendum B will apply to each Order Advertiser submits for such Marketing Services. ReachLocal and Sweet IQ Analytics, affiliates of Publisher, are Pay Per Click Service, SEO Service, Maps/Reputation Management Service, Social Media Service, Web Design/Development/Hosting Service, and/or other Marketing Services. ReachLocal’s applicable terms and conditions are at https://www.reachlocal.com/us/en/legal/terms-and-conditions/media-product-terms apply to the services it provides. SweetIQ Analytic’s applicable terms and conditions are at https://sweetiq.com/terms-of-service apply to the services it provides. Publisher has engaged G/O Digital to provide Email Marketing Services. If applicable, G/O Digital’s applicable terms and conditions at https://www.godigitalmarketing.com apply to the Email Marketing Service. For clarity, if Advertiser has not purchased a particular Service described below, then the terms below relating to that Service will not apply to Advertiser.1. Rates.  Unless otherwise specified on Advertising Commitment from Advertiser, Advertiser’s purchase of Marketing Services will be billed at Publisher’s Standard Rates. Advertiser acknowledges that it has been provided a copy of Publisher’s standard rate card for Marketing Services. The rate card, including any terms and conditions in such rate card, are hereby incorporated into this Agreement by reference, provided that in the event of a conflict between any terms or conditions in the rate card and the terms of this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement will control. Publisher reserves the right to modify its rate card, including increasing its Standard Rates for Marketing Services, at any time and from time to time. Publisher will provide Advertiser with at least 30 days’ prior written notice of any rate increase. If Advertiser objects to any such increase, it shall have the option to discontinue use of the applicable Marketing Services by giving written notice to Publisher prior to the effective date of such changes. Advertiser’s right to discontinue the use of particular Marketing Services shall be its sole and exclusive remedy in the event of a rate increase. If Advertiser does not elect to discontinue use of the applicable Marketing Services, then, following the expiration of the notice period, all Marketing Services shall be billed at Publisher’s increased rates.2.Marketing Services.2.1. Pay Per Click ("PPC") Service.  Publisher will create ads based on the Advertiser Content and will distribute the Ads through the Publisher Distribution Networks. Advertiser will have the opportunity to review and approve all PPC campaigns prior to launch. Advertiser will be solely responsible for all content associated with any PPC campaign. Fees are based upon the number of clicks on ads by users, based on the cost per click ("CPC") rate set forth in the applicable Order.2.2. Search Engine Optimization ("SEO") Service.  The SEO Service includes the optimization of the chosen number of keywords (e.g., 5, 10, 15 or custom) and the application of "on page" and "off page" SEO strategies for Advertiser’s website, with the goal of obtaining improved ranking in organic search engine results for selected keywords. To the extent Advertiser’s website is not hosted by Publisher, Advertiser will provide access to its website to enable Publisher to perform the SEO Service. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Advertiser acknowledges that, although Publisher will use reasonable efforts to optimize the ranking of Advertiser’s ads based on the selected keywords, Publisher makes no guarantee that Advertiser’s search ranking position will be maintained or optimized. Advertiser agrees that Publisher will not be liable for any unfavorable ranking results of Advertiser’s ads, whether such unfavorable results arise from the SEO Service or from an act or omission of the applicable search engine.2.3. Maps/Reputation Management Service.  This Service is designed to help Advertiser’s business listing appear in the "Google Maps/Places" in response to searches for Advertiser’s optimized keywords. Advertiser acknowledges that search results and search engine rankings are influenced by several factors, and Publisher does not guarantee any placement in the "Google Maps/Places" or a particular position or rank for Advertiser’s website or business listing in any search results.2.4. Keywords.  Advertiser acknowledges and agrees that Publisher, in its discretion, may select keywords for the PPC and SEO campaigns and for Maps Reputation Management Services. Publisher will use reasonable efforts to use Customer provided keywords; however, Publisher cannot guarantee that all of the Customer’s keywords will be used.2.5. Email Marketing Service.  Publisher’s Email Service includes the creation of email marketing messages based on the Advertiser Content and transmission of email messages on behalf of Advertiser. Advertiser will have the opportunity to review and approve all email marketing messages prior to the launch of an email marketing campaign under the applicable Order. Publisher will determine the transmittal date and time. The Order will specify (i) whether Publisher or Advertiser determines the recipient list and (ii) the number of recipients and the number of transmittals to the recipient list. Publisher does not make any representations or warranties about deliverability or open rates. Upon request of Publisher, Advertiser will provide its Do-Not-Email list for Publisher’s use in deleting addresses on such list from the recipient list. Advertiser represents and warrants that its Do-Not-Email list includes addresses for all recipients who have opted out of receiving emails from Advertiser.2.6. Social Media Service.  Publisher’s Social Media Service includes the creation and maintenance of Advertiser’s social media accounts (e.g., Facebook, Twitter, Foursquare, etc.) on the sites as agreed upon by Publisher and Advertiser. To the extent Advertiser’s social media accounts are already claimed by Advertiser or its representative, Advertiser will provide administrative credentials for such social media outlets to enable Publisher to provide the Social Media Service as contemplated herein. Advertiser shall have the opportunity to review and approve all social media posts, tweets, and other social media statements or content prior to publication of the post, tweet, statement or other content distributed by or on behalf of Advertiser via Advertiser’s social media accounts. Advertiser will ensure that all such content complies with applicable law and applicable social media service’s terms of service, as such terms of service may be modified from time to time. Advertiser further acknowledges that Publisher does not operate or otherwise control any third-party social media service. Publisher is not responsible or otherwise liable for any inaccuracy on, or unavailability of, any third-party social media service.2.7. Web Design/Development/Hosting Service. [Desktop or Mobile]:  Publisher will design, develop, and/or update the Advertiser’s website as part of this service. Publisher’s Services may include hosting a website for Advertiser, including performing maintenance and controlling the functionality and accessibility of the website. Publisher may perform these Services directly or through a subcontractor. Advertiser is required to provide Publisher with its terms of use and privacy policy to be displayed on its website.3.Ancillary Services.  In connection Advertiser’s subscription to with one or more of the Marketing Services described above, Publisher may provide the following ancillary Services:3.1. Proxy Sites.  Publisher may provide a mirrored version of the Advertiser’s website ("Proxy Site"). In order to use the proxy service, (i) Advertiser’s website must be operational, functional, and accessible through the Internet, and (ii) the URL visible above the Proxy Site to users clicking on the Advertiser’s ad must reflect the website address for the Proxy Site and NOT that of the Advertiser’s website. Advertiser agrees that Publisher is in no way responsible for the operation and functionality of the Advertiser’s website. Advertiser agrees that it has all rights to the content on the Advertiser’s existing website and Advertiser is able to grant the right to Publisher to use the content in connection with the Services.3.2 Call Recording Services.  If Advertiser elects to use the Call Recording Service in connection with one or more of the Marketing Services described in Section 1, above, Publisher will, on Advertiser’s behalf, record (i) calls between Advertiser and its clients regarding the Services (the "Service Calls") and (ii) incoming calls to Advertiser from prospective clients of Advertiser (the "Inbound Calls") (collectively "Call Recording"). Advertiser acknowledges that the purpose for Call Recording is for auditing this Agreement and the Services in the Order. Advertiser grants specific permission to Publisher to administer, monitor, use and access Call Recording and the content of the recorded calls as Advertiser’s agent. Publisher will provide prompt disclosure in Call Recording that the Service Call or Inbound Call may be recorded ("Recording Notification"). Advertiser acknowledges that it is responsible for notifying and/or obtaining the consent to Call Recording from its representatives (including employees, agents and independent contractors) who may be recorded in a Service Call or Inbound Call. For clarity, Advertiser acknowledges and agrees that Publisher is not responsible to provide any notice in connection with Call Recording other than Recording Notification. Advertiser specifically acknowledges that Publisher is not responsible to provide notice of rights of the Advertiser’s clients and prospective clients relating to potentially confidential or privileged communications. Any notice required by law other than Recording Notification is the sole responsibility of the Advertiser.4. Indemnification for Call Recording.  Without limiting Advertiser’s indemnification obligations under Section 8.1 of the Agreement, if Advertiser uses the Call Recording service, Advertiser agrees to indemnify and hold the Publisher Indemnitees harmless from and against any and all Losses arising out of a third-party claim resulting from (i) any failure by Advertiser to comply with the requirements of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or (ii) Advertiser’s use or misuse of the Call Recording service. Advertiser shall not use the Call Recording service to intimidate, harass, or otherwise violate the privacy or other rights of a caller and a Recorded Person. If Publisher learns about any alleged misuse of the Call Recording service, Publisher reserves the right to terminate the totality of Advertiser use of the Call Recording service without notice or liability.5.Additional Terms.  The third-party vendors’ (referenced above) policies regarding cancellation and termination of orders, including but not limited to cancellation fees, shall apply. If the Advertiser cancels an order early, the Advertiser will be billed through the next billing cycle. For example, if the Advertiser cancels prior to the end of the month, the Advertiser will be billed through the end of the next calendar month. If the Advertiser cancels prior to the end of the four (4) month minimum commitment, the Advertiser will be billed for four (4) full months. Upon cancellation, the Advertiser must notify Publisher in writing if the online advertising should cease, if no notice is provided, advertising will be active through the end of the commitment. BRANDED CONTENT (Native Advertising) Statement of WorkIf Advertiser’s Order includes Branded Content the following the terms and conditions set forth below will apply to each Order.Content Distribution:Media Company has a tiered distribution strategy to reach readers in multiple ways on desktop and mobile web: Editorial tiles on the homepage and relevant section fronts during launch days for each content piece. Additional days based on availability.In order to capture side-door traffic Media Company shall provide contextually relevant in-line article placements. These include a thumbnail image and headline that drive readers to the Native Advertising. Media Company’s team will create versions based on the approved Branded Content.Media Company will create and run ______ promotional unit(s) within articles on mobile.If included as part of the Order, Branded Content will be distributed via Facebook Instant ArticlesIf included as part of the Order, the Branded Content will be included in the USA TODAY app during the campaign timeSocial:  Recognizing the importance of social media in Branded Content campaign, the Media Company has a dedicated social media expert in-house who will manage all of Advertiser’s social activity. Media Company will deliver social extensions for Advertiser’s Branded Content across relevant social channels. Media Company can review social Key Performance Indicators (KPI’s) specific for Advertiser.Campaign Management: Targeted promotions & dynamic optimization:  In order to drive audience engagement across all pieces of content, Media Company will have a measurement plan in place that includes real time analytics managed through your dedicated program manager. The program manager will seek to dynamically optimize all promotional tactics in real time toward the best possible performing placements across desktop and mobile. All promotional placements will run in relevant content sections (aside from homepage and section fronts) to drive reader response.Reporting:  Media Company will provide content and promotional unit reporting.Use of Branded Content by Advertiser: Advertiser may distribute the Branded Content (including videos if applicable) on the below channels as long as there is either attribution (which will be provided by Media Company) or a link back to the Branded Content. If there is a link to the Branded Content attribution is not required. Headlines and images that link back to Media Company do not require attribution. Only when the Branded Content is hosted in its entirety by Advertiser, Advertiser must provide attribution. Branded Content can only be hosted in its entirety after the first 30-days, and thereafter may be used on: any Advertiser digital owned asset (website, emails, Advertiser app);any non-owned platform where Advertiser has a presence (i.e., Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, social media sites, etc.); and as part of the content in its advertising brand media campaign. Distribution of the Branded Content (including videos) by Advertiser, is subject to the following conditions: Branded Content (including videos) shall be distributed and/or displayed without any edits or modifications; andAdvertiser cannot attribute the Branded Content to USA TODAY or imply that the editorial or news staff of USA TODAY was involved in the creation of the articles or video. Advertiser can attribute the Branded Content to "GET Creative, a division of USA TODAY".Labeling: Media Company’s legally approved label for custom content work is "Story From" which will be included in articles listicles, video, infographics, promotional units, and social media.Cancellation Prior to Initial Campaign Launch Date. Up to thirty (30) days prior to the first date of the campaign, Advertiser may cancel the campaign, with at least 30 days prior written notice to Media Company. Should the Advertiser cancel, it shall pay for any fees and costs associated with the Services completed up to the point of cancellation, and all non-cancellable costs and fees which are owed for third party contracts which cannot be cancelled.
Event SponsorshipIf Advertiser is purchasing a Sponsorship of or receiving benefits in connection with a Publisher Event, as specified in the Advertising Commitment or the applicable Order, the terms and conditions below shall apply.1. Cancellations.  Sponsorship Fees (i.e., the amount listed on the Advertising Commitment) are non-refundable. Advertiser may not cancel or terminate its sponsorship. If an Event is cancelled by the Publisher and not rescheduled, the Advertiser may receive a refund of a portion of its Sponsorship Fee. The amount refunded will be determined after deducting (i) any non-refundable costs and expenses associated with the Event and (ii) any promotional advertising for the Event that has already been published or displayed. Any trade or complimentary advertising included in the Sponsorship Fee shall be forfeited.2. Content and Creative.  Publisher shall be solely responsible for creating all promotional materials (print and digital), signage, or program(s) for the Event or the Program. Advertiser shall be identified as a promotional sponsor of the Event or Program in the promotional materials, signage and program book (if applicable). Publisher has sole discretion to determine the volume, frequency, number of impressions of any advertising for the Event, placement of advertising (print and/or digital) and positioning of Advertiser’s name. Publisher has sole discretion to determine if any radio, TV or billboard advertising will be provided.3. Limit of Liability.  Publisher is not liable for any interruption, error or omission regarding any advertising (print, online, or other media). Publisher is not liable for cancellation or rescheduling of an Event, due to unavailability of the venue where the Event is being held or due to circumstances beyond its control.4. Advertising Value.  The advertising value being provided to Advertiser shall apply solely to advertising and promoting the Event. Unused advertising will expire on the expiration date the sponsorship and will be forfeited. Advertising value cannot be bartered, sold, transferred to, or used, in whole or in part, by any third party. The advertising value may not be used to fulfill any other advertising commitment between Advertiser and Publisher.5. Renewal Option.  If the Sponsorship is for an annual Event, program, product, or service, the parties must agree in writing upon the terms of the renewal at least thirty (30) days prior to the end of the current Sponsorship. The renewal terms shall be stated in a new Advertising Commitment or Order.6. Insurance.  If the Sponsorship includes the Advertiser attending the Event (as exhibitor or vendor) to market its products and services, the Advertiser shall maintain insurance issued by a company reasonably acceptable to Publisher, for the following insurance: (i) commercial general liability insurance, including coverage for property damage, personal injury, or death in an amount of not less than One Million Dollars ($1,000,000) per occurrence; (ii) automobile liability insurance in an amount of not less than One Million Dollars ($1,000,000) per occurrence; (iii) worker’s compensation insurance in amounts as statutorily required; (iv) product liability insurance in an amount of not less than $1,000,000 per occurrence for bodily injury, illness, and property damage combined; and (v) professional liability insurance in amount of not less than One Million Dollars ($1,000,000) per occurrence. A copy of the certificate(s) of insurance, naming the Publisher, Gannett Co., Inc., and its subsidiaries and affiliates as additional insureds, shall be provided to Publisher prior to the Event.7. Publicity.  Any press releases or public announcements regarding the Sponsorship which will include Publisher’s name, are subject to Publisher’s prior review and approval. Such approval may be granted or denied in Publisher’s sole discretion.