https://dbknews.com/privacy/
Menu
News
Sports
Diversions
Opinion
Multimedia
DBK En Español
Crossword
Advertising
Contact
Donate
Newsletter
COVID-19
Search for:
News
Campus
Local
Nation
Science & Tech
State
World
Sports
Baseball
Field Hockey
Football
Gymnastics
Men's Basketball
Men's Lacrosse
Men's Soccer
Softball
Women's Basketball
Women's Lacrosse
Women's Soccer
Wrestling
Volleyball
Diversions
Arts
Books
Campus Life
Culture
Fashion
Food
Gaming
Movies
Music
Tech
The Dive
TV
Opinion
Staff Editorial
Column
Guest Column
Cartoon
Multimedia
Photo
Podcasts
Video
Special Projects
Basketball Preview 2020
Looking Back 2020
Orientation Guide 2020
Salary Guide
Welcome Back 2020
DBK En Español
Terps Watch
Daily Crossword
Sponsored Articles
Advertising
Classifieds
Contact
Donate
The Diamondback Store
Privacy
Maryland Media, Inc. recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of your personal information.
Any information you voluntarily provide to this website, such as an email address, name, or phone number, will never be sold to other colleges, universities, non-profit organizations, or any business entity.
Information gathered automatically
Unless you take steps to browse the Internet anonymously, or opt-out, Maryland Media, Inc., like most institutions and organizations on the Internet, tracks web browsing patterns to inform understanding of how our sites are being used. Generic information is collected through the use of “cookies,” which are text files placed on your computer, to evaluate usage patterns so that we can improve both content and distribution. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser; however, doing so may prevent you from using the full functionality of our websites.
Some sections of Maryland Media, Inc. owned websites use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. Google Analytics uses cookies to help us analyze how users use our sites. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website includes your IP address. This information will be transmitted to and stored by Google on its servers. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity, and providing other services relating to Internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
Maryland Media, Inc. maintains industry-standard practices to monitor IT assets for signs of vulnerability, attack and/or compromise.
Please visit the following pages for more information on Google Analytics terms of use and Google’s privacy practices.
Information you provide to us
To communicate effectively with visitors to our website, we may occasionally ask for personally-identifiable information that can include, by way of illustration, name, email address, or phone number. Maryland Media, Inc. will never sell personally-identifiable information you voluntarily provide to us such as name, email address, or phone number, to other colleges, universities, nonprofit organizations, or businesses unless we have your consent to sell the information.
External links
Some Maryland Media, Inc. websites may contain links to external websites not owned by, or officially affiliated with us in any way. Maryland Media, Inc. is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
Contact information
If you have any questions about this privacy statement or the practices of this website, you may contact:
Maryland Media, Inc.
3136 S. Campus Dining Hall
College Park, MD 20742
(301) 314-8400
Classified Advertising Links
Choose Bankruptcy Law Center, The best San Diego Bankruptcy Lawyers. Don’t live the rest of your life buried in debt.
Next Day Demolition is the premier home demolition company in Maryland. They proudly offer their demo services to homeowners and business owners in the DC Metro area.
Remove A Pool is the premier provider of pool removal in Maryland. We offer our pool abatement services to College Park home owners and all of PG County.