http://edition.cnn.com/help/i-report.html
Help: CNN TV | CNN.com | Live Video | Free Video | RSS | CNN Mobile | Preferences | Pop-up Advertising | Search
Frequently Asked Questions about I-REPORTS
Thank you for your interest in CNN Exchange.
• What are I-Reports?
• How do I submit a video clip, image, or eyewitness account through CNN.com?
• How do I submit a video clip, image, or eyewitness account via my mobile phone?
• Which phones are unable to submit video in an I-Report?
• Are there any restrictions on allowable content?
• Can I request removal of my submission?
• Who can upload material to CNN Exchange?
• The materials I wish to submit are not in a digital format. Can I participate by mailing my submission to CNN?
• What are the system requirements to send an I-Report through CNN.com?
• How long will it take to upload my submission?
• How do I make a video?
• How do I know if my upload was successful?
• My upload did not complete. What should I do?
• I'm still having difficulty. Can you offer additional support?
• What are your Terms of Use?
I-REPORT FAQ
What are I-Reports?
I-Reports are your stories, seen through your eyes and your lens. An I-Report can be a video, a photo, a piece of audio or a text story that you've written. The CNN Exchange provides tools for you to upload your original I-Reports straight to CNN, as well as a rotating gallery of the best user-contributed material.
Back to Top
How do I submit a video clip, image, or eyewitness account through CNN.com?
Simply click on any link on CNN.com to "Send Your I-Report."
This will take you to the submission page, where you will find an easy-to-use submission form.
Fill out the information fields, and be sure to provide details about what you are submitting.
In the "File Upload" section, click "Choose File" to select the file from your computer.
Make sure that you have reviewed the "Terms of Use," clicked the checkbox to indicate your agreement and populated all requested fields before hitting "Submit."
Upload times vary based on your connection speed and file size.
You'll see a status bar during the upload, which will advance as your upload progresses.
Once we have received your submission, it is delivered instantly to our editorial staff.
While we can't use all content submitted into our system, our highly trained staff individually reviews each piece. If your submission meets criteria for use, we'll contact you as soon as possible.
We appreciate your taking the time to share your contributions to the newsgathering process, and highly value your feedback.
Back to Top
How do I submit a video clip, image or eyewitness account via my mobile phone?
You never know when or where news might break. If you're away from your computer, use your mobile device to capture an event, and e-mail your video or photo to ireport@cnn.com.
In the subject line, please tell us which topic your submission concerns, and in the body, provide details on the piece.
We'll need to know "WHO, WHAT, WHEN and WHERE" to properly assess the submission.
Note that all material sent to ireport@cnn.com is subject to the Terms of Use.
While we can't use all content submitted into our system, our highly trained staff individually reviews each piece. If your submission meets criteria for use, we'll contact you as soon as possible.
We appreciate your taking the time to share your contributions to the newsgathering process, and highly value your feedback.
Back to Top
Which phones are unable to submit video in an I-Report?
The Samsung D415 and Samsung E315 phones utilize a video format incompatible with other systems and cannot be converted for use on the CNN Exchange.
Back to Top
Are there any restrictions on allowable content?
Our "Terms of Use" stipulate that you may not submit material that is licensed or copyrighted to another party.
Users also may not submit pornography, advertisements, or materials otherwise irrelevant to newsgathering.
Additionally, CNN reserves the right, at any time, in its sole discretion, to refuse transmission of any material submitted to CNN.
Back to Top
Can I request removal of my submission?
As set forth in our "Terms of Use," by submitting your material, for good and valuable consideration, the sufficiency and receipt of which you hereby acknowledge, you hereby grant to CNN a non-exclusive, perpetual, worldwide license to edit, telecast, rerun, reproduce, use, syndicate, license, print, sublicense, distribute and otherwise exhibit the materials you submit, or any portion thereof, as incorporated in any of CNN's programming or the promotion thereof, in any manner and in any medium or forum, whether now known or hereafter devised, without payment to you or any third party.
If you have additional questions, please contact us.
Back to Top
Who can upload material to CNN Exchange?
Anyone over the age of 18 who meets the "Terms of Use" may upload material.
Children under age 18 must have a parent or legal guardian's written permission to submit their material and such permission must accompany the material or it will not be considered.
Employees (and their immediate families and household members) of CNN and its parent, subsidiaries, divisions, and affiliated entities are not eligible to submit material.
Back to Top
The materials I wish to submit are not in a digital format.
Can I participate by mailing my submission to CNN?
While the CNN Exchange does not currently accept submissions via mail, users wishing to receive information regarding alternate means of contacting CNN may request assistance by filling out this form.
Back to Top
What are the system requirements to send an I-Report through CNN.com?
While the I-Report upload form should work with most browsers, optimal use is achieved by meeting these specifications:
Windows
• Microsoft Windows®: 98SE, 2000, Millennium Edition, XP Home Edition, or XP Professional
• Microsoft Internet Explorer 6, Netscape Navigator 7.1, Firefox 1 or Opera 7.51
• Broadband Internet connection or access to a high-speed network
Macintosh
• Mac OSX
• Safari 1.3, Firefox 1, Netscape Navigator 7.02, or Opera 6.03
• Broadband Internet connection or access to a high-speed network
Please note that computer users wishing to contribute video content will also need software installed to support MPG or MOV file formats.
Back to Top
How long will it take to upload my submission?
Your upload time will be determined by your connection speed and file size.
As connection speeds vary greatly based on numerous factors, we cannot predict exact upload times.
In most cases, however, high-speed Internet users can expect to see upload times of one to five minutes per megabyte of data.
The CNN Exchange accepts video submissions of up to 30 MB, and image submissions of up to 1MB.
The more bandwidth you have available for data transfer, the faster your transmission will complete.
To optimize your data transfer, we recommend that you refrain from browsing other Web sites while uploading content. During upload, you will be able to track progress via the status bar, and the confirmation page will display to indicate a successful transfer.
Back to Top
How do I make a video?
To create a video, you will need a device that can capture digital movies.
Digital camcorders, many digital cameras, and even some cell phones will enable you to capture video.
Computer submissions require that you possess relevant software on your computer to extract the movie from your device, while mobile submissions can be e-mailed directly to ireport@cnn.com. Check the Toolkit page for advice on shooting and editing video from CNN photographers, editors and producers.
In some cases, computer users will need to compress digital movies to meet our maximum size requirements.
Please refer to the help section of your software for additional instructions.
Back to Top
How do I know if my upload was successful?
Once your file has successfully uploaded, you'll see a confirmation page. You can track progress by monitoring the status bar during your upload.
Mobile users will receive confirmation via e-mail.
Back to Top
My upload did not complete.
What should I do?
Most issues encountered by users can be attributed to connection difficulties or bandwidth availability.
Unfortunately, we are unable to accept incomplete submissions.
We invite you to resubmit your contribution at any time, and appreciate your efforts to participate.
Occasionally, complex file names may interfere with the upload process.
We suggest that you keep file names short, and refrain from using spaces, symbols, and non-English characters.
Back to Top
I'm still having difficulty.
Can you offer additional support?
In order to offer the best possible newsgathering and user experience, we do have a conduit by which you may submit a support request.
Please note that as the majority of issues can be attributed to connection difficulties or bandwidth availability on the user side, CNN is not able to service all needs.
We want to ensure that critical information is received, so be sure to include a description of your desired contribution when logging a request, and we will investigate as soon as we are able.
You may log a support request by clicking here.
Back to Top
What are your Terms of Use?
Terms of use
Children under age 18 must have a parent or legal guardian's written permission to submit their material and such permission must accompany the material or it will not be considered.
Employees (and their immediate families and household members) of CNN and its parent, subsidiaries, divisions, and affiliated entities are not eligible to submit material.
By submitting your material, for good and valuable consideration, the sufficiency and receipt of which you hereby acknowledge, you hereby grant to CNN and its affiliates a non-exclusive, perpetual, worldwide
license to edit, telecast, rerun, reproduce, use, syndicate, license, print,
sublicense, distribute and otherwise exhibit the materials you submit, or any portion thereof, as incorporated in any of their programming or the promotion thereof, in any manner and in any medium or forum, whether now known or hereafter devised, without payment to you or any third party. You represent and warrant to CNN that you have the full legal right, power and authority to grant to CNN the license provided for herein, that you own or control the complete exhibition and other rights to the materials you submitted for the purposes contemplated in this license and that neither the materials nor the exercise of the rights granted herein shall infringe upon or violate the right of privacy or right of publicity of, or constitute a libel or slander against, or violate any common law or any other right of, any person or entity. This license shall be governed by the laws of the State of Georgia.
CNN has the right to edit and/or alter any submission. CNN reserves the right not to use the material you submit at all and/or as little of the material as it chooses.
CNN values your privacy. The information you submit is subject to our privacy policy.
Back to Top
Back to Help