https://greenmoney.com/privacy-policy/
December 2020 Issue
Impact Investing
Sustainable Business
Energy & Climate
Food & Farming
Calendar
Videos
Past Issues
December 2020 Issue
Impact Investing
Sustainable Business
Energy & Climate
Food & Farming
Calendar
Videos
Past Issues
Privacy Policy
We respect your privacy, and value your trust.
We have updated our Privacy Policy as of May 24, 2018. This Privacy Policy has been established to help clarify how we collect, store and use your data from your interactions with our company. This Policy has been designed to meet the new standards set forth by the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). The GDPR is being implemented on May 25, 2018 by the European Union (EU). As global citizens who value our website visitor relationships, we have chosen to follow the new standards for data protection set forth by the EU in our continued commitment to protecting your personal data.
1)   INTRODUCTION
This Privacy Policy explains how GreenMoney Journal uses your personal data when you visit our website, interact with us, subscribe to our eJournal newsletter, or purchase a service from us.
We have also added information regarding your privacy rights under the GDPR.
Please read our Privacy Policy so that you are aware of how and why we are using your data. Your continued use of our website indicates that you accept our Privacy Policy. If you have any questions, or would like to exercise your protected privacy rights, please contact webmaster@greenmoney.com. Please read this Privacy Policy in full to learn more about your rights and our obligations under the GDPR.
Thank you for your continued trust in GreenMoney!
Sincerely,
Cliff Feigenbaum, founder & publisher, GreenMoney Journal
2)   WHO WE ARE
Greenmoneyjournal.com has reported on the trends and news from the sustainable business, socially responsible leadership and impact investing sectors for 25 years – first in print and now exclusively as a digital publishing website and eJournal platform. GreenMoney publishes a complimentary eJournal newsletter announcing when the next issue’s articles and audio/video media content has been posted at greenmoney.com. We are able to provide this news at no cost to subscribers because of the generous support of our advertisers and underwriting sponsors.
Read more about GreenMoney’s founder and 25 year history.
Our legal mailing address is:  P.O. Box 67, Santa Fe, New Mexico 87504-0067
3)   YOUR PERSONAL DATA
Personal data is any data regarding you that could help someone to identify you. It is individual information pertaining to you and it is not anonymous.
Anonymous data is any data where the identity has been removed from the statistical data, and could not help to identify an individual.
We collect several types of information from our website visitors in order to enhance your site visit experience, and to provide a higher level of visitor care. This personal data falls into these categories:
ANONYMOUS DATA such as statistical or demographic data for the purposes of monitoring site traffic. Anonymous (or aggregate) Data may be derived from your personal data, but is not considered personal data because you cannot be identified by the information.
CONTACT DATA includes your name, email address and company affiliation; (and WHERE APPLICABLE) your billing address, delivery address and telephone numbers.
FINANCIAL DATA includes bank and payment information. (WHERE APPLICABLE)
IDENTITY DATA includes first name, last name, and social media username. (WHERE APPLICABLE)
MARKETING DATA includes your preferences in receiving direct marketing from us and our third parties. This includes your complimentary subscription to our GreenMoney eJournal.
TECHNICAL DATA includes your internet protocol (IP) address, browser type and version, time zone, location, browser extensions and version information, operating system and platform.
TRACKING DATA includes information we or others collect about you from cookies and similar tracking technologies. For example, we provide cookies so that your browser may store small pieces of our website in order to make your future site visits faster.
TRANSACTION DATA includes the payment information provided by you and your financial institution when you complete a purchase with us. (WHERE APPLICABLE)
USAGE DATA includes information about how you use our website, products and services.
To provide better content and service, greenmoney.com uses Google Analytics to monitor traffic and visitor behavior on our website. Your IP, city, state, operating system, and on-page behavior will be tracked by Google Analytics. If you continue to use our site, you acknowledge acceptance of this monitoring by Google Analytics which is utilized to enhance your on-site experience and is looked at it as anonymous data since it is not personally identifiable.
We DO NOT collect any information regarding your race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, religious or philosophical belief, personal lifestyle, criminal convictions or offenses, or any genetic data.
4)   HOW WE COLLECT PERSONAL DATA
We may collect two basic types of information about our site visitors: specific information you may provide directly as a result of interacting with our website, and general visit information collected indirectly by software including WordPress and related Plugins.
DIRECT (VISITOR PROVIDED DATA)
This specific information includes personal data you provide when you:
sign up to receive our eJournal newsletter
contact us directly via our Contact Form and request information be sent to you;
order our advertising services; (WHERE APPLICABLE)
contact us directly over the phone, via snail mail, email, or on our website;
post comments in response to published articles
VIA SOFTWARE (INDIRECTLY)
We may automatically collect Technical Data about your browser, platform and browsing pattern while on our website.
GENERAL DATA COLLECTION PRACTICE
We only collect the data necessary to enhance your site visit experience and complete any tasks you initiate on our site. For example, you may provide your email to us via a message on our contact form which allows us to communicate with you via email reply.
ADVERTISING PARTNERS AS APPLICABLE
Our advertising partners provide cookies to track the success of their ads on our site. These cookies help our ad partners to monitor their campaign statistics, and determine how they can enhance their connection with site visitors.
If you want to learn how to opt-out, please visit:
Digital Advertising Alliance (United States)
Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (Canada)
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EU)
5)   HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
For fraud investigation in compliance with the law
When we need to comply with a law or regulation such as the GDPR
To enhance your site experience
To complete contractual obligations with you (like delivering our eJournal newsletter to you after you opt-in)
To complete an advertising order and maintain a record of sales for our taxes
6)   COOKIES
Cookies are basic pieces of information stored in your browser that enhance your overall site experience. Our cookies collect anonymous data and are not personally identifiable.
Our website may also include cookies from third parties including links to social media. These cookies are controlled by these third parties.
You can disable cookies in your browser, but your website experience may be limited on our website, as well as on others, as cookies are necessary to perform certain functions.
7)   HOW WE MAY SHARE PERSONAL DATA
We may share personal data with the following types of third parties:
Technology service providers (i.e., webhost)
As part of a business transfer of ownership. In the result of an acquisition or merger of our business by/with another entity, this Privacy Policy will remain in effect unless otherwise stated in an updated Privacy Policy for the website.
As required by law
We select third parties to work with who adhere to the laws and best practices of the Internet. Any information shared with these third parties is only to enhance our site and your experience, not to directly enhance the private interests of these third parties. They may not use the information for any purpose other than our agreed upon website related mission.
8)   PAYMENT INFORMATION (WHERE APPLICABLE)
GreenMoney Journal uses PayPal and Bank Wire Transfers to process payments made for advertising services via the Website. If using PayPal your checkout experience will be completed on PayPal’s servers. We store confirmation of your payment in our Systems for internal record keeping purposes. Your entire transaction process will be processed on PayPal.
9)   OUR DATA SECURITY PROTOCOL
We have strict security measures in place to protect your information. Your personal data is viewed and used only on a need-to-know basis as required to perform necessary site or other contractual based items. We believe that the less people with access to your information, the better, and we have designed our data security with this philosophy as our guiding principle.
We have systems in place to notify our web team immediately of any suspected or confirmed web breach where your personal data may have been exposed. We will notify you via email in the event that we are legally required to do so.
10)   THIRD-PARTY LINKS
This website may include links to third-party websites including social media and informational resources supplied by our authors. We do not control these third-party websites. Please familiarize yourself with the Privacy Policy of these sites as they are not connected to our Privacy Policy.
11)   OUR DATA RETENTION POLICY
We will only keep your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting or tax reporting requirements.
If you make a purchase from our company or enter into a financial transaction with us, we must retain this information for 7 years for tax and legal record keeping purposes.
In some circumstances, you can ask us to delete your data. For example, when you unsubscribe from our eJournal newsletter, you may then contact us and ask us to delete your subscriber information including name and email. Your anonymous aggregate data will remain, as it is not protected data.
In the case of desired data deletion, you must specifically contact us and be able to demonstrate reasonable need for deletion that does not conflict with any current law or regulation pertaining to the website and as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
We may use and reuse any anonymous data we collect on our site in perpetuity for the purposes of continuing to improve our website for your enjoyment.
12)   HOW TO ACCESS YOUR DATA WITH US
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data with us one time. However, additional requests are subject to review and fees. We are not required to comply if the request is illegal, unnecessary, or otherwise protected.
We will request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity before allowing you to access your sensitive data. We do not provide your private data to inquiring third parties except as required by law.
We will respond to your initial data request within 2 weeks. We may need further information from you in order to complete the process.
13)   HOW TO CONTACT US ABOUT OUR PRIVACY POLICY
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, or would like to exercise any of your rights, please email us at cliffgmj@gmail.com or write to us with your letter addressed to:  GreenMoney, P.O. Box 67, Santa Fe, New Mexico 87504-0067
14)   PRIVACY POLICY UPDATES
We will continue to update this Privacy Policy as the web and it’s laws and regulations continue to evolve. We will notify you via e-newsletter of any changes to our Privacy Policy, so be sure to subscribe for the most up-to-date information.
_________________
The material presented on greenmoney.com is for educational and informational purposes only.
The GreenMoney Journal and greenmoney.com do not endorse or recommend firms, products, funds or advertisers.
Green Money™ is a Registered Trademark of the GreenMoney Journal and Cliff Feigenbaum. Copyright 1995-2017 by Green Money™
Subscribe to GreenMoney's complimentary eJournal
Subscribe
About
Advertising & Sponsorship
ContactSignup to receive GreenMoney's monthly eJournal
Subscribe
Privacy Policy
Copyright © GreenMoney Journal 2020
Tweets by CliffGMJ
Global Events Calendar
View All EventsCurrent Monthdecember Bloomberg Sustainable Business Summit Global - virtual
30novAll Day01decBloomberg Sustainable Business Summit Global - virtual
Event DetailsThe Bloomberg Sustainable Business Summit Global will bring together business leaders and investors globally to drive innovation and scale best practices in sustainable business and finance. This global event will
Event Details
The Bloomberg Sustainable Business Summit Global will bring together business leaders and investors globally to drive innovation and scale best practices in sustainable business and finance. This global event will span key markets and time zones, leveraging Bloomberg’s unrivaled markets expertise to convene conversations uniquely focused on the risks and opportunities for corporate executives and forward-thinking investors in a 21st-century economy.
TimeNovember 30 (Monday) - December 1 (Tuesday)
Learn More
CalendarGoogleCal
FT Investing for Good USA: Accelerating Global Climate Action - virtual
02decAll DayFT Investing for Good USA: Accelerating Global Climate Action - virtual
Event Details
The Covid-19 the crisis has raised awareness of the need to boost the green economy and build resilience ahead of another impending crisis: climate change. Meanwhile, with increasing evidence that
Event Details
The Covid-19 the crisis has raised awareness of the need to boost the green economy and build resilience ahead of another impending crisis: climate change. Meanwhile, with increasing evidence that investments that take climate stewardship into account can achieve superior financial performance, asset owners are pushing both the companies in their portfolios and the asset managers who manage those portfolios to develop strategies that reflect pressing climate realities.
TimeAll Day (Wednesday)
Learn More
CalendarGoogleCal
Responsible Investor Conference – virtual
02decAll Day03Responsible Investor Conference – virtual
Event DetailsNew York, NY
A Sustainable Business and Finance event
Event Details
New York, NY
A Sustainable Business and Finance event
Timedecember 2 (Wednesday) - 3 (Thursday)
Learn More
CalendarGoogleCal
X