http://irishnewspaperarchives.com/privacy-policy
Irish Newspaper Archives
My Basket |
Checkout
About
Newspapers
SUBSCRIBE
Gifts
Blog
FAq
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy: how we protect your Personal information
The protection and privacy of your Personal information is one of Irish Newspaper Archives highest priorities. Our goal is to ensure that our customers feel safe and secure in the knowledge that Irish Newspaper Archives handles all Personal information in a responsible manner while complying with data protection laws.
At Irish Newspaper Archives we believe in been totally transparent, upfront and honest with how we manage your Personal information. To that effect we are guided by three simple principles:
Simple. We want to make it easy for you to understand how we use your Personal data. Our aim to use clear and easy to understand language to describe our privacy policy and processes to help you make informed choices.
Transparent. We want to be transparent about the Personal information we collect,
Why we collect it?
Where we collect it?
How we process it?
Control. We give you control over the Personal Information you provide to us and let you choose how and when it is used, shared, kept or deleted
To better understand how our 3 principles are put into action we kindly ask you to take the time to view our Privacy statement and to ensure that you understand and are happy with how we manage your Personal information.
Policy Statement Content:
1. Who we are.
2. Information we gather about you
3. What we use this information for
4. What grounds (legal basis) are we processing the data under?
5. Sharing your information with third parties
6. Sale of the Business
7. Cookies
8. How we protect your data
9. Your rights regarding your Personal information
10. How long we hold your data
11. Links to third-party websites
12. Contacting us
LAST UPDATED: May 2018
This Privacy Policy is part of Irish Newspaper Archives Terms & Conditions of using this website, so please read it carefully. If you’d like to know more about data protection you can follow the below link to the Data Protection Commissioners:
http://gdprandyou.ie/individuals/
1. Who we are
This online resource www.irishnewspaperarchives.com / www.irishnewsarchive.com is owned by Irish Newspaper Archive Limited company registration number. 6390253N with registered offices at Unit 2 Saint Kieran’s Enterprise Centre, Furze Road, Sandyford Industrial Estate, Dublin 18, D18 VOA3.
Irish Newspaper Archives are guided by and adhere to Ireland’s Data Protection Act of 2003. The 2003 Amendment Act brought our law into line with the EU Data Protection Directive 95/46/EC.
If you require any help or explanation on how we manage your data please contact us at support@irishnewspaperarchives.com
2. Information we gather about you
So that we can provide you with our service we only gather a minimal amount of information. In other words, we only gather what we need.
A) During the registration process you enter information about yourself such as your name and your email address. Information is also received when you purchase a product or a service from us. Information can also be received when you contact our company or take part in competitions or surveys.  A third-party payment gateway vendor is used to process our payments and no card information is stored by Irish Newspaper Archives. No record of credit cards are stored by Irish Newspaper Archives. Please view our third-party data sharing section below.
B) In some cases, you the user choose to share information with us. If you create content from and on our site, we also receive and use that information. This may include Personal information about you and other people.
C) Through sections of the site example; Blog other people may share information about you through post comments, notes or tags that relate to you.
D) Additional Information that we receive from you: When you visit our online resource, we receive information on what pages you visit, searches you perform which URL’s you follow, content you download and upload, items you purchase. Browser information, your location, screen size, your IP (Internet Protocol). Further information received includes the sites you visit us from or leave us to go to eg Twitter or Facebook or Google.
We do not collect sensitive Personal information on your union affiliations, religious beliefs or sexual orientation. These are examples of sensitive information only and more information can be provided on this category by contacting support@irishnewspaperarchives.com
Information is gathered from your visit using analytic software that utilise cookies and pixels. Cookies and pixels help us to understand how you interact with our site and where you visited our site from our leave our site to go to. Some tools allow us to see what interests you in when we send our emails.  To purchase products/services from our site you must be over 18 years old. Details on our age restrictions can be viewed here; Terms and Conditions.
3. What we use this information for
All information gathered and stored by Irish Newspaper archives is help us offer a better service and to improve our communication to you. Reasons for gathering this information are listed below:
In order to efficiently manage our service/website
To efficiently process orders to provide our services and products to communicate with you example of communication content requests, service questions and technical support queries.
Your details are required for administration purposes so that we can contact you regarding purchased products, services, technical reasons, invoices, account expiration dates and discount offers and general news updates.
To offer a more Personalised message via email we use IP addresses to identify location ( city, country ) it also helps to indicate usage details and quantity of visits from any one persons or from any one country.
We use different forms of advertising which can be created to suit your interests based on information gathered via analytics or your past subscription details. Forms of marketing and advertising can be placed via social networks, email marketing or AdWords and display.
We reserve the right to access and disclose individually identifiable information to comply with any legal obligation or governmental request, to enforce or apply our Terms and Conditions, or to protect our rights, property or safety.
Marketing Material
You can control how we market to you by using the unsubscribe link in any email you receive  or by following the instructions in any other marketing communications you receive or by email us here at sales@irishnewspaperarchives.com . You can also phone Irish Newspaper Archives +353 (0) 12942173
4. What legal basis are we processing the data under?
Legitimate Interest – Your Personal data can be processed so that we can improve our resource and services. By processing your data we can improve how we communicate and manage the customer relationship. It also helps us to see what features work and what features don’t work on our site and who and what group of people like the features created.
Contractual Necessity -  In order for us to provide our service and create a subscription in your name we have to process your Personal data to take payment to start the service contract.
Consent – Where you have given us consent to contact you in regard to services, sales, marketing and general news. At all times you can decide to change your consent through our unsubscribe links which is contained in every email sent
Legal Reasons – To comply with any court order or to apply Irish Newspaper Archives Terms & Conditions
5. Sharing your information with third parties
In order to provide our service to you we are required to use some third-party vendors. An example of our use of a third party would be when we process your credit card details during the subscription process or when a product is purchased from our site. A payment gateway is required for us to carry out our duties in providing our services and products. Our payment processors do not decide what is done with your data and only process it on our behalf.
Our payment gateway provider is a Level 1 PCI certified payment services provider, a certification provided by an accredited third party. In order to maintain this status an annual security audit is performed.
Through the course of providing our service Personal information may be transferred outside of the EEA (European Economic Area).  To the extent that we transfer any Personal data to countries outside the EEA that do not have adequate protection under laws that apply to us, we will make sure that suitable safeguards are in place before transferring any Personal data.
We will disclose your Personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation. This includes disclosing information to organisations for the purposes of fraud protection, credit risk reduction, or the order of a court or regulator.
On occasion we contract third party vendors to assist us in providing marketing campaigns, surveys and with our hosting requirements. However, we will never provide your details to a third party for their own marketing purposes. As with all of our communications you can decline to receiving information by using the unsubscribe option at the bottom of the email, by contacting us at support@irishnewspaperarchives.com or by phone +353 (0) 12942173
6. Sale of the Business
If at any time our business is sold to a third party you agree that your Personal information may be transferred to the new business owners.
7. Cookies
We use cookies for to help us better understand how you interact with our website and to know how you arrived at our site and what page you last viewed before leaving. Cookies also enable you to login to our site and provide us with details of how often you visited and logged in and out.
Cookies and pixels are used to gather analytic information through resources such as Google Analytics and Facebook.
Our site uses cookies and to read more on what we use them for please view our cookies policy.
8. How we protect your data
We are committed to putting security first when dealing with your Personal information. We use secure server software to encrypt Personal Information. Strict security procedures are in place in the storage and disclosure of your Personal information. These include fire-walls and current anti-virus suites.
When it comes to your login-user details for our site it is extremely important to keep them confidential. If you feel that your access details have been accessed please notify us at support@irishnewspaperarchives.com
9. Your rights regarding your Personal Information
Under the Data Protection law, you have a number of rights with respect to your Personal information, which are:
The right to be informed about our processing of your Personal Data
The right to have your Personal Data corrected if it is inaccurate and to have incomplete Personal Data completed;
The right to object to processing of your Personal Data;
The right to restrict processing of your Personal Data;
The right to have your Personal Data erased (the ‘right to be forgotten’);
The right to request access to your Personal Data and to obtain information about how we process it;
The right to move, copy or transfer your Personal data (‘data portability’); and
Rights in relation to automated decision making that has a legal effect or otherwise
Significantly affects you.
You have the right to complain to the DPO which enforces Data Protection Laws https://www.dpo.ie
If you would like to discuss your Personal data you can contact us at support@irishnewspaperarchives.com
10. How long we hold your data for
Our service is a subscription-based service that requires some of your information to verify your identity to access the site or to process payment details for repeat active accounts (auto-renewal). We will hold registered user information for as long as reasonably necessary. However, if your Personal information has not been used by you to access your account or your subscription has expired more then 5 years we reserve the right to delete any information provided to us.
11. Links to third-party websites
Our website contains links to other websites example Facebook, Twitter or LinkedIn. Third party sites are not covered by this privacy policy. If you want to go through to a third-party website, please make sure that you read the privacy policy for that website.
12. Contacting us
Please feel free to contact our office if you would like further information on the above or wish to discuss your Personal information.
Email: support@irishnewspaperarchives.com
Post: Data Protection Officer
Irish Newspaper Archive
Unit 2 St K.E.C.,
Furze Road.
Sandyford Industrial Estate,  Dublin 18  D18VOA3
Contact Us
Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Follow via Facebook
Follow via Linkedin
Follow via Twitter