http://irishnewspaperarchives.com/terms-conditions
Irish Newspaper Archives
My Basket |
Checkout
About
Newspapers
SUBSCRIBE
Gifts
Blog
FAq
Terms & Conditions
Terms & conditions: how you can use our service
To use the Irish Newspaper Archives service, you must agree to our Terms & Conditions. The Terms & Conditions should be read in conjunction with our Privacy policy. If you would like clarification on any of the Terms & Conditions outlined below please do not hesitate to contact us at support@irishnewspaperarchives.com or +353 (0) 1 2942173
What are the Terms & Conditions:
The Terms & Conditions make clear how you can use our service.
USING IRISH NEWSPAPER ARCHIVES
Our service has been created to provide a research tool and can be used for personal, academic or non-commercial purposes. Any use of our site for commercial purposes requires a commercial licence which you can request from us at support@irishnewspaperarchives.com
Any use of our content in an online or offline form requires an acknowledgement of the source: The source; “www.irishnewspaperarchives.com” must accompany any content used from our site. If the content been used contains a newspaper image then the source and title must be listed. Example: “www.irishnewspaperarchives.com” Title “Publication” Date “DD/MM/YYYY”
Commercial Licences: Where content from our site is required for use by a commercial organisation for commercial gain a commercial licence is required. A commercial licence is required for the reproduction of content from our site in any form digital, traditional print or for sharing via known or unknown social networks or unknow mediums.
For commercial licences please contact us at sales@irishnewspaperarchives.com
Intellectual property rights (including copyright): All intellectual property rights in the website and the content in it belongs to us or has been licensed to us.
PERSONAL INFORMATION
Personal data and payment security: To view more on how we treat and secure your Personal information and process payment information please view our Privacy Policy HERE.
Registering on the site: To use our service you must agree to abide by our Terms & Conditions. While we offer a FREE search, you must register with our site to view our newspaper content. To purchase a product or service from us you must be over 18 years old or have strict permission from your legal guardian.
Please ensure to secure and protect your Personal sign in details. If you feel that your details have been compromised please contact us at support@irishnewspaperarchives.com
PURCHASING A SUBSCRIPTION TO ACCESS OUR CONTENT
Paid Subscription: In order to access our content, you are required to be a registered and paid member of our site and no contract exists between us until payment has been made and received. You can view our subscription packages through our products page.
Auto-Renewal membership on subscriptions: When you purchase a subscription from Irish Newspaper Archives it is purchased as a continuous membership. This means that the subscription will automatically renew on the nearest expiring date of the subscription. Our subscription models are Time Based example 30 days ( 1 Month ) the subscription will renew 30 days from purchase. You can cancel your subscription at any time through the My Account section of the archive or by contacting us at sales@irishnewspaperarchives.com or phone +353 (0) 1 2942173
When cancelling your subscription (auto-renew) please cancel two days before your next billing date, or your subscription will continue automatically. Service notifications are sent by email to remind you that your account will auto-renew. Service notification of this type are sent for all 1-year subscriptions however we do not send Service notifications for monthly subscriptions.
From time to time Irish Newspaper Archives offer promotional discount codes that only apply to the first / initial subscription. Your subscription will auto-renew at the standard membership rate. You can disable the auto-renew at any time through the My Account section of the archives.
To cancel or your right to a refund: Any subscription package purchased from our site can be cancelled within 14 days from the date of payment and a refund issued. However please note that if the newspapers have been accessed at any time within the 14 days from the date purchase no refund will be issued. Refunds will not be issued at any time after the 14 days have passed from the time of purchase.
To view more on your consumer rights please visit the Competition and Consumer Protection Commission  https://www.ccpc.ie
Usage Policy: In order to protect our service, we have a fair usage policy in place to prevent our content from been exploited. Individual subscribers can not share their details with others. Individual subscribers are limited to 2000 pages per month.
If you are a library / Institution / organisation that requires multiple users please contact us at sales@irishnewspaperarchives.com
USER GENERATED CONTENT
Content created by users: We encourage our members to get involved with our archives and to become part of the Irish Newspaper Archive community however please note there are restrictions and rules to observe.  When publishing content, making comments or participating in forums, you must not:
1. You must only publish items that you own the copyright of or have permission to publish it from the copyright owner); 2.  You must not break the LAW; by publishing offensive, libellous or criminal or inappropriate content. The meaning of the above is at our discretion and we reserve the right to remove the content and block your participation in future forums/blogs or social sharing.
3. Share the personal information of living people without their permission; 4. Impersonate another person; 5. Perform any act that affects our service or the performance of the Irish Newspaper Archive website.
How we use content created by users: You keep the copyright in any content that you create or publish on the website, but by publishing it you give us permission (a non-exclusive, perpetual, transferable, sub-licensable, royalty-free, worldwide licence) to use it (including editing, adapting or modifying it as we wish) for any purpose and in any media now known or invented in the future.   Please be aware that we may not credit you as the author of the material.
If we use any of your personal information (for example your name) in connection with it, we will ask your permission first.
Examples of how we may use your content are that we may make it available to other users of the website, to users of websites that are either part of our company group or with whom we have a partnership, and by internet search engines.
Monitoring content created by users: We do not monitor content published by our users and take no responsibility for things that you or others publish.
CONTENT COMPLAINTS & TAKEDOWN
If you have a complaint and wish to register your complaint please contact us:
Postal Address:
Irish Newspaper Archives Ltd,
Unit 2 St K.E.C,
Furze Road,
Sandyford Industrial Estate,
Dublin 18 D18 DVOA3
Call: 353 (1) 2942173
Email: andrew@irishnewspaperarchives.com
LIMITATIONS
While we work to make our service available to you the customer at all times we do not guarantee or make any promise that the service will always be available or will always be fully functional. The service is provided on an “AS-IS” and can change with new content, new features or content maybe removed or features discontinued. We will not be liable to you for any losses you might suffer from lack of availability and we also reserve the right to make changes to any element of the service or content and will not be liable for any losses you might suffer as a result.
In the course of providing our service there may be things beyond our control:  Including but not restricted to Acts of God, industrial strikes, hardware & software failure. We endeavour at all times to notify our customers of any known issues.
Liability: The only warranties or promises we give are set out in this document. We can’t accept liability for any indirect or consequential losses, loss of data or any unwanted use of your content you suffer from using the website. For any other loss you suffer that is caused by us, we limit the liability we have to you to the total money you spent on the website in the 12 calendar months before the event giving rise to the claim. Your statutory rights are not affected.
The law: These Terms are made under Irish law, and any arguments about them will only be heard in Irish courts.
Agreement Alterations: When changes are made to this agreement we will note the date of change. If you disagree with this agreement or any alterations made to this agreement we reserve the right to cancel your subscription and refund your most recent paid active subscription.
Dispute Resolution: We work hard to provide you the best service that we can and we aim to meet our customers expectation however if a dispute arises we will aim to resolve the dispute in a discreet and friendly atmosphere. If you would like to talk with us please feel free to contact us at support@irishnewspaperarchives.com or call +353 (0) 1 2942173
Customer support and complaints: We are here to listen and we will  always aim to fix problems where we can. If you have a question, suggestion or complaint about the website or any of the content featured on the website please let us know and we’ll do our best to sort it out.
Contact Us
Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Follow via Facebook
Follow via Linkedin
Follow via Twitter