http://islander.org/privacy-statment/
BB business owner removes unsafe lighting, faces arrest
BB marina resident apparently drowned
BB mulls final Sunshine lawsuit settlement offers
Coronavirus: Confirmed cases rise, vaccine plan detailed
Toggle navigation
This category can only be viewed by members. To view this category, sign up by purchasing Subscribe to the electronic version of The Islander or LIFETIME $99 Subscription to the electronic version of The Islander.E Edition
News
Latest News
Streetlife
Real Estate
Obituaries
Sports
Sports
Fishing
Classifieds
This weeks ads
Place an AD
Contact Us
Islander Store
Submit
Subscribe Today!
Island news brings us together
Subscribe for unlimited digital access to the news that matters to your community.
#AMITOGETHER
The Islander has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate
our firm commitment to your privacy. The following discloses our information
gathering and dissemination practices for all of our web sites.
Our sites uses cookies to keep track of your shopping cart and we also
use cookies to save a unique visitor id.  This allows us to deliver
content specific to your interests and to recall your contact details
so you don’t have to re-enter them each time you visit our site and want
us to send you more information.  The use of cookies to save your
unique visitor id is optional and the option to use them can be turned
on and off; see the change/modify section below.
Our site’s registration forms ask users to give us contact information
(like their name and email address).  We use this customer contact
information to send the user relevant information about our company and
products.  Users may at any time opt out of receiving future mailings
(electronic or paper) by contacting us directly;  see choice/opt-out
section below.
Our site uses order forms for visitors to request information, products
and services. We collect visitors’ contact information (like their email
address). Contact information from the order form is used to send orders
and information about our company to our customers and other visitors;
and also for us  to get in touch with the visitor when necessary.
Users may at any time opt out of receiving future mailings (electronic
or paper) by contacting us directly;  see choice/opt-out section
below.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site gives you the choice to opt out of receiving communications from
us at the point where we request information such as your name and contact
details.
We provide the following options for visitors to remove their information
from our database, to not receive future communications from us or to
no longer receive our service.
1. You can send email to remove@islander.org
3. You can send mail to the following postal address:
The Islander, 5404 Marina Drive Holmes Beach, FL 34217
4. You can call the following telephone number: (941) 778-7978
5. You can Fax to (941) 778-9392
Please note, our site contains links to other sites; as we do not adminster
these sites we cannot  be responsible for the privacy practices or
the content of such Web sites.
Confidentiality
Personal information and contact details that we gather through our Web
Site or from any other source will be used for the above-mentioned purposes
only by Adept Scientific. It is our firm company policy not to rent, sell,
disseminate or allow anyone else to use mailing list information that
we have gathered. If a user requests specific information that will be
better answered by a known partner organisation of ours, for example a
more local distributor of a particular product, we will pass on that specific
request. But we will not sell or trade mailing lists to any other party.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices
of this site, or your dealings with our Web sites, you can contact
Bonner Joy
The Islander
5404 Marina Drive
Holmes Beach,
FL 34217
To advertise here, please visit our rates pageor contact us at:sales@islander.orgPhone: (941) 778-7978Fax: (941) 778-9392
3-Day Weather ForecastSubscribe to News Alerts
Email address:
Sign up to receive FREE email alerts when we update our site with news and classfieds.
Leave this field empty if you're human: Wishbook 2020
The Islander Wish Book 2020:
get it here
Popular News
Members
Islander E-Edition
This category can only be viewed by members. To view this category, sign up by purchasing Subscribe to the electronic version of The Islander or LIFETIME $99 Subscription to the electronic version of The Islander.
This category can only be viewed by members. To view this category, sign up by purchasing Subscribe to the electronic version of The Islander or LIFETIME $99 Subscription to the electronic version of The Islander.For $36 a year, you can view all the news, photos, opinions, columns and community announcements
To access this content, you must Subscribe here, or log in if you are a member.
View our e-Edition
On your mobile
On your tablet
Get news alerts
Contact us
Contact Us The Anna Maria Islander
3218 E. Bay Drive
Holmes Beach,
FL 34217
Phone: (941) 778-7978
Fax: (941) 778-9392
For general information: info@islander.org
Site design & maintained by Wayne Ansell
Islander NewsHeadlines
E Edition
Classifieds
Place a Classified Ad
Fishing
Obituaries
Real Estate
Sports
Streetlife
Other Links About Us
Legislative Contacts
Privacy
Copyright
Archives
Island Links
Islander Store
Web Services
Subscribe
Subscribe to News Alerts
Email address:
Sign up to receive FREE email alerts when we update our site with news and classfieds.
Leave this field empty if you're human: Social Media
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok