http://jobs.guardian.co.uk/staticpages/30/terms-and-conditions/
Skip to main content
-->
Terms & Conditions
GUARDIAN JOBS: TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CANDIDATES
1. The following terms and conditions apply to your use of the Guardian Jobs Website (the "Jobs Website") provided by Guardian News & Media Limited ("Guardian" or "we" or "us"):
a. the general terms and conditions of the Guardian website (www.theguardian.com) which are available at: http://www.theguardian.com/help/terms-of-service;
b. the privacy policy of the Guardian Jobs website which is available at: https://jobs.theguardian.com/privacy-policy/;
c. the terms of use which are specific to the Jobs Website and which are set out below; and
You should read the general terms and conditions and the privacy policy as they contain important terms including how we may terminate your access to the Jobs Website.
2. We may change or add additional terms to either the terms of use or the privacy policy specific to the Jobs Website: (i) if we alter the existing services we provide; (ii) if we add new services to the Jobs Website or (iii) if we need to for security, regulatory or legal reasons. Where the changes are significant we may also choose to email our registered users with the new details. Any changes to the terms of use or the privacy policy will not affect your right to cancel your Jobs Website account with us or to remove your CV and/ or details from the Jobs Website.
3. By using the Jobs Website you are deemed to have accepted these terms and conditions.
4. These terms and conditions govern your agreement with us for your use of the following services on the Jobs Website
a. the CVmatch Service known as CV Database Service ;
b. the Job Application Service;
c. the Jobmatch Service; and
d. the Jobs by Email Service known as Job Alert Service;
each as defined below. The CV database Service, the Job Application Service, the Jobmatch Service and the Job Alert Service shall each be a Service and collectively known as the "Services". These terms shall apply to all of the Services except for where they are expressly stated to apply to one Service only.
5. The CV Database Service is the service provided by us which allows recruiters to view, search, purchase and access CVs of candidates held on the Guardians Candidate database via the Jobs Website.
Candidates can add their CV to the searchable CV Database (GNM Candidate Database) when applying for a job or by signing up and creating a profile.
6. The job application service (the "Job Application Service") is the service provided by us which allows recruiters (or the advertising agency or media buyer for such recruiter) to place their advertisements on the Jobs Website and candidates to apply for those jobs either by:
a. making a job application directly through the Jobs Website;
b. being re-directed to a third partys website to apply through that website;
7. The Jobmatch service (the "Jobmatch Service") is the service provided by us through which we will, on behalf of the recruiter, contact suitable candidates (who have agreed to such contact) with details of an advertisement placed by the recruiter on the Jobs Website.
8. The Job Alert Service (the Job Alert Service) is the service provided by us which allows you to select your preferred job criteria and then receive emails containing details of jobs that fulfill your criteria.
TERMS OF USE SPECIFIC TO THE JOBS WEBSITE:
9. To the extent that the Employment Agencies Act 1973 and/or the Conduct of Employment Agencies and Employment Business Regulations 2003 apply to any of the Services, if at all, Guardian acts in the capacity of an employment agency to help you find the type of work you are looking for. Guardian does not effect introductions between recruiters and candidates (or vice versa), and nor does it supply candidates to recruiters. You will not be charged for using the Services.
10. To the extent that you wish us to share your information and CV with recruiters (either through the CV Database Service or the Job Application Service) you consent to our sharing your CV, together with any additional information you provide to us, with the recruiters who use the Jobs Website. This means that you give us:
a. a non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide licence of any rights, including intellectual property rights, in your CV and any additional information you provide to us on the Jobs Website, to share or otherwise use such CV and additional information as we reasonably require to fulfil the services we provide on the Jobs Website; and
b. the right to grant a perpetual, royalty-free, worldwide sub-licence of any rights, including intellectual property rights, in your CV and any additional information you provide to us on the Jobs Website, to recruiters for their recruitment related activities.
Your right to cancel
11. We will retain a copy of your CV and any additional information you provide to us in accordance with paragraphs 10 and 11 or until you delete it or close your account with us in accordance with paragraphs 13 and 14 below. If you are a registered user you can also change your privacy settings to set whether your CV is shared with all recruiters, no recruiters or you can select those recruiters that you do not want to share your CV with. Please note that additional recruiters are added all the time so you should check your privacy settings frequently.
Please see our privacy policy for details of how personal data is collected and may be processed or shared with others. You will find the privacy policy at jobs.theguardian.com/privacy-policy/
Deletion of your CV / Closing your account with us
12. Where you choose to delete your details and/ or CV we will not retain a copy of it on our database and it will not be made available to recruiters. Please note however we are not able to control the storage of your details and/ or CVs by recruiters.
13. If you wish to close your individual account with us or remove your details then please contact us.
Problems with the Jobs Website
14. If you experience any problems with the Jobs Website or wish to make a complaint about the Jobs Website, any of the Services available on the Jobs Website or any recruiters who you feel are abusing the service we provide then please contact us at jobs.help.mail@guardian.co.uk.
15. The Guardian is concerned for the privacy of visitors to its web sites. The protection of your personal information is extremely important to us. However, please remember that the security of information transmitted over the Internet cannot be assured.
These terms and conditions for the Jobs Website are up-to-date as of 25th May 2018.
GUARDIAN NEWS & MEDIA LIMITED is a Private limited company registered in England and Wales. Registered number: 00908396. Registered office: PO Box 68164, Kings Place, 90 York Way, London, N1P 2AP
-->
-->
-->
-->
-->
-->