https://laraza.com/privacy-policy/
Elecciones 2020
Chicago
Coronavirus
Grandes reportajes
Lens on Lightfoot
Censo 2020
Privacy PolicyWhat Information is Collected?
We collect information from users when they register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletters / newsletters, or fill out a form.
By registering on our site, as appropriate, the user can be asked to enter their name, email address, postal address and / or telephone number. It is also possible, however, to visit our site anonymously.
Google, as an associated provider, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. It uses the DART cookie, which enables the site to serve personalized advertisements based on the user’s visit to ImpreMedia sites and other sites on the Internet by users. Users can disable the use of the DART cookie through the advertisement that Google enables for this purpose and the content of the network’s privacy policy.
What Do We Use User Information For?
All the information we obtain from users can be used in one of the following ways:
1- To personalize the user experience: This information helps us to better respond to the individual needs of each one.
2- To improve our website: We continually strive to improve our news offer based on the feedback we receive from our users.
3- To improve customer service: Help to respond more effectively to requests from our customers and support.
4- To process transactions: The information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred or given to any other company for any reason, without your consent, unless we have the particular purpose of delivering a requested product or service.
5- To manage a contest, promotion, surveys or other online proposal.
6- To send periodic emails.
The email address that the user provides can be used to send information and updates corresponding to their initial request, in addition to sending news, updates and information related to a product or service.
How Do We Protect User Information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the security of users’ personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. Any sensitive data supplied, such as credit card information, is transmitted through Secure Socket Layer (SSL) and, upon payment, is encrypted through our database providers, accessible only by authorized persons and with special rights of access to the mentioned systems, which are also obliged to keep the information confidential.
After a commercial transaction, users’ private information (credit cards, social security numbers, bank information, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use Cookies?
Yes. A cookie is a file that is downloaded to the user’s computer / smartphone / tablet when accessing certain web pages to store and retrieve information about the navigation that is carried out from the mentioned device. If they are allowed, it gives the online service providers’ sites or systems the ability to recognize your browser, capture and remember certain information. To learn more about cookies, we invite you to access the following link: http://www.iabspain.net/privacidadeninternet/usuario.
ImpreMedia Properties uses cookies to remember and process items in the shopping cart, understand and save user preferences for future visits, track advertising on sites, and compile aggregate data about site traffic and interaction with them, in order to offer better user experiences and tools. Likewise, cookies are used to better understand users through the contracted analysis of providers, who are not authorized to use the information collected on our behalf, except for the purposes of conducting and improving the business of ImpreMedia.
Do we disclose any information to third parties?
We do not sell, exchange or transfer the personal data of our users to third parties. This does not include trusted providers that assist us in the operation of our sites or in order to provide a better service, provided that such parties are committed to keeping this information confidential. It is also in our ethical assessment to deliver user information when we believe it is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce the policies of our sites, or to protect the integrity of other rights, property or safety.
Non-personally identifiable information may be provided to third parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Cookies policy
ImpreMedia uses the following cookies on this website:
Cookies strictly necessary for the provision of certain services expressly requested by the user: if these cookies are disabled, you will not be able to correctly receive our content and services;
Analytical cookies (for monitoring and statistical analysis of the behavior of all users), advertising (for the management of advertising spaces based on criteria such as the frequency with which the ads are displayed) and behavioral cookies (for the management of advertising spaces according to the specific profile of the user: if these cookies are deactivated, the website may continue to function without prejudice to the fact that the information captured by these cookies on the use of our website and on the success of the ads displayed on it allows us to improve our services and earning income that allows us to offer you many content for free.
Own Cookies
Performance:
Description: These cookies are used to improve your browsing experience and optimize the operation of our websites. They store service configurations so that the user does not have to reconfigure them every time he visits us.
Purpose / information: Video or sound player volume adjustments, video transmission speeds that are compatible with your browser. They are the objects stored in the “shopping cart” in the E-commerce Services.
Advertising:
Description: This type of Cookies allows you to expand the information of the advertisements shown to each anonymous user in the ImpreMedia Services.
Purpose / information: Among others, the duration or frequency of display of advertising positions, the interaction with them, or the browsing patterns and / or user behaviors are stored as they help to shape a profile of advertising interest. In this way, they allow advertising related to the user’s interests.
Registry:
Description: Registration cookies are generated once the user has registered or subsequently opened his session, and are used to identify him on the Services.
Purpose / information: To keep the user identified, even if he closes our site or the browser, so that when he re-enters the same site he will continue to be identified. If the user logs out, this cookie will be deleted and the next time they enter the service they will have to log in to be identified. It checks if the user is authorized to access certain services, for example, to participate in a contest. Additionally, some services may use connectors with social networks such as Facebook or Twitter. When the user registers with a service with credentials from a social network, she authorizes the social network to save a persistent cookie that remembers her identity and guarantees access to the services until it expires. The user can delete this cookie and revoke access to services through social networks by updating their preferences in the specific social network.
Geolocation:
Description: These cookies are completely anonymous and are only used to help target content to your location.
Purpose / information: These cookies are used to find out which country you are in when requesting a service.
Third Party Cookies
Analytical
Description: Every time a user visits a service, a tool from an external provider generates an analytical cookie on the user’s computer. This cookie, which is only generated during the visit, will serve on future visits to the ImpreMedia services to identify the visitor anonymously.
Purpose / information: Identifies browsers and devices, not people, and therefore the approximate count of the number of visitors and their trend over time. Anonymously identifies the most visited and most attractive content for users. Know if the user you are accessing is new or repeat visit. Unless the user decides to register for an ImpreMedia service, the “cookie” will never be associated with any personal data that can directly identify him. These cookies will only be used for statistical purposes that help to optimize and improve the user experience on the site.
Advertising
Description: In addition to the advertising managed by the ImpreMedia Websites themselves, the impreMedia Websites offer their advertisers the option of serving advertisements through third parties (“Ad-Servers”).
Purpose / information: In this way, these third parties can store cookies sent from ImpreMedia services from users’ browsers, as well as access the data stored therein. The companies that generate these cookies have their own privacy policies.
Behavioral Advertising
Description: Advertising model based on consumer behavior for which a cookie collects anonymous information about browsing habits.
Purpose / information: The purpose is to offer the user advertising according to their interests.
Cookies deactivation. The user can -at any time- choose which cookies they want to work on this website by:
Browser settings ; for example:
Chrome , from http://support.google.com/chrome/bin/answer.py?hl=es&answer=95647
Explorer , from http://windows.microsoft.com/es-es/windows7/how-to-manage-cookies-in-internet-explorer-9
Firefox , from http://support.mozilla.org/es/kb/habilitar-y-deshabilitar-cookies-que-los-sitios-we
Safari , from http://support.apple.com/kb/ph5042
The specific opt-out systems indicated in the table above regarding the cookie in question: these systems may lead to a “reject” cookie being installed on your computer so that your choice of deactivation works; or
Other third-party tools, available online, that allow users to detect cookies on each website they visit and manage their deactivation (for example, Ghostery: https://www.ghostery.com/about-ghostery/privacy-statements/ , http://www.ghostery.com/faq).
ImpreMedia is not responsible for the content and veracity of the privacy policies of third parties included in this cookie policy.
If you have any questions and / or queries about this cookie policy, it is possible to communicate via e-mail with productsupport@impremedia.com and / or onlinemarketing@impremedia.com.
Privacy: California Online Enforcement and Protection – Compliance Act
Because we value users’ privacy, we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. Therefore, we will not distribute the personal information of our users to third parties without their consent.
As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our sites can make any changes to their information at any time by logging in to their control panel and going to the ‘Edit Profile’ page.
Privacy Policy Online Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected online through our web pages and not to information collected online or offline.
User consent
By using our site, the user accepts our privacy policy of the websites.
Changes in our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
–
Send us a Message
If you have any questions and / or queries about this privacy policy, you can contact us using the following contact information:
www.impremedia.com
Address : 915 Wilshire Blvd, Suite 800 – Los Angeles, CA 90017 United States
E-Mails:
productsupport@impremedia.com
onlinemarketing@impremedia.com
Newsletter
Clasificados
Empleos
Últimas noticias
Secciones
Chicago
Opinión
Horóscopo
Lotería
Clima
Advertise with Us/Anuncios