http://markjeffries.com/terms-of-use/
Terms of use
WE KNOW YOU DON’T WANT TO READ THIS, BUT YOU PROBABLY SHOULD
Please read these Terms of Service (“Terms”, “Terms of Service”) carefully before using the https://markjeffries.com website (the “Service”) operated by Mark Jeffries (“us”, “we”, or “our”).
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Service.
COPYRIGHT & INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
Unless otherwise stated, the contents of this site including, but not limited to, the text and images contained herein and their arrangement are the property of Mark Jeffries or their clients. All trademarks used or referred to in this website are the property of their respective owners.
Nothing contained in this site shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to any copyright, patent, trademark or other proprietary interest of Mark Jeffries or any third party. This site and the content provided in this site, including, but not limited to, graphic images, audio, video, html code, buttons, and text, may not be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way, without the prior written consent of Mark Jeffries, except that you may download, display, and print one copy of the materials on any single computer solely for your personal, non-commercial use, provided that you do not modify the material in any way and you keep intact all copyright, trademark, and other proprietary notices.
LINKS TO OTHER WEB SITES
Our Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by Mark Jeffries.
Mark Jeffries has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that Mark Jeffries shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.
We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services that you visit.
GOVERNING LAW
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of United Kingdom, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have between us regarding the Service.
CHANGES
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will try to provide at least 15 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, please stop using the Service.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.