https://mediahelpingmedia.org/2006/12/09/why-editorial-ethics-are-important/
Home
Basics
Ethics
Advanced
Investigative
Management
Strategy
Scenarios
Training
Sign in
Welcome!Log into your account
your username
your password
Forgot your password?
Password recovery
Recover your password
your email
Search
Media Helping Media
Free Training Resources For Journalists And Managers
Home
Basics
Ethics
Advanced
Investigative
Management
Strategy
Scenarios
Training
Home
Ethics
Why editorial ethics are important
Ethics
Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Linkedin
ReddIt
Email
Print
An introduction to our editorial ethics section
Image by Slack12 released via Creative Commons CC BY-NC-ND 2.0
The Media Helping Media ethics section is designed to help journalists navigate some of the challenges they might face as they go about their work. The ethics modules are a set of guidelines, not rules. They need to be adapted to ensure that they are regionally and culturally relevant.
The guidelines are for journalists who want to provide robust, searching, issue-led journalism that informs the public debate so that the audience/users/readers can make educated choices.
The modules are based on a desire to deliver editorial excellence that reaches the whole audience regardless of race, religion, nationality, personal preferences and social status, with impartial, fair, accurate and objective information.
The material on this site has nothing to do with producing so-called ‘constructive news’ or ‘positive news’. Subjective value judgements sit uncomfortably with editorial ethics. These modules will help journalists deal with editorial issues affecting life as it really is rather than from a controlled perspective, which, in the view of the author of this piece, is not journalism.
Increasing demand for ethics training
The creation of this section follows a growing demand for training modules to help journalists cope with the editorial and ethical issues surrounding newsgathering and news delivery.
Many people have written editorial guidelines, and a search of the web will throw up dozens of variations. We have chosen to base the Media Helping Media guidelines on the BBC’s Editorial Guidelines. This is mainly because the two founders of Media Helping Media spent many years working at the BBC and have trained thousands of journalists in how to apply these guidelines.
However, the Media Helping Media guidelines are significantly different. Because they are used in training courses in various parts of the world, they are continually adapted and rewritten to reflect regional issues and sensitivities.
The issue in all cases is to deliver editorial excellence based on a clearly defined ethical code of practice that balances the rights to freedom of expression with editorial responsibility.
The modules in this section cover:
Accuracy: Producing well-sourced information based on solid evidence
Impartiality: Being fair and open-minded coverage while exploring all significant views
Fairness: Operating in a transparent, open, honest and fair manner based on straight dealing
Privacy: Ensuring we respect and never invade personal privacy unless it is in the public interest
Offence: Delivering challenging journalism that is sensitive to audience expectations
Integrity: Dealing with groups keen to use, manipulate or mould the media for their own advantage
Interactivity: Engaging the audience in our output in order to ensure that we reflect public opinion
Legal: Avoiding the courts while continuing to inform the public debate.
Check our ethics section for the full list of training modules.
RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR
Unconscious bias and its impact on journalism
Is your journalism ethical?
Impartiality in journalism
Photojournalism and ethics
Respecting privacy as a journalist
Offence and journalism
Accuracy in journalism
Fairness in journalism
Integrity and journalism
About Media Helping MediaMedia Helping Media (MHM) provides free training resources for those in transition states, post-conflict countries and areas where the media is still developing. The modules have been written by media professionals. Read more.Tweets by Media Helping MediaTweets by Media Helping Media MHM on FacebookMedia Helping MediaSupported by the Fojo Media InstituteReproducing content
You are welcome to reproduce training modules from this site under the terms of the Creative Commons BY-NC-SA 4.0 licence. This means that you must provide attribution, link to the original work, use the material for non-commercial purposes only, and republish any derivatives under the same CC BY-NC-SA 4.0 licence.
About
Contact us
Cookies
Site map
© Content on Media Helping Media is released under Creative Commons BY-NC-SA 4.0 unless otherwise stated.
Media Helping Media uses cookies to improve your experience. You can opt out if you wish. SettingsAcceptPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
Media Helping Media (MHM) is built on WordPress. To function properly, WordPress installs what it calls 'session cookies', which are classed as 'strictly necessary' for the site to function. The following are the other 'non-necessary' cookies which are served when visiting the site.
cookielawinfo-checkbox-non-necessary - one of three cookies used to inform visitors of the cookie rules and regulations (the text you are reading now).
cookielawinfo-checkbox-Necessary - same as above; this one notes whether the visitor accepted the cookie rules or not and remembers that decision.
cookielawinfo-checkbox-Non-necessary - same as above; this one applies to those visitors who decide to disable 'non-necessary' cookies.
You can disable those cookies by using the opt-out button below. If you do Media Helping Media will still work perfectly well without them. If you are happy to continue using Media Helping Media and accept the 'necessary' cookies please close this pop-up, click 'accept' and continue.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.