https://mediahelpingmedia.org/2008/01/17/photojournalism-and-ethics/
Home
Basics
Ethics
Advanced
Investigative
Management
Strategy
Scenarios
Training
Sign in
Welcome!Log into your account
your username
your password
Forgot your password?
Password recovery
Recover your password
your email
Search
Media Helping Media
Free Training Resources For Journalists And Managers
Home
Basics
Ethics
Advanced
Investigative
Management
Strategy
Scenarios
Training
Home
Ethics
Photojournalism and ethics
Ethics
Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Linkedin
ReddIt
Email
Print
Guidelines for journalists working with images
Image by Lanty released via Creative Commons CC BY 2.0
Media Helping Media has produced a set of suggested ethical guidelines for video and photojournalists following a request from a user. Media Helping Media often produces custom-made training modules free of charge. The following tips are based on commonly accepted editorial values adopted by most mainstream media.
Accuracy
Keep an accurate record of all you shoot including time, date, location, circumstances and details of all the parties involved in the event you are covering.
The research for the story behind the images you are shooting should be well-sourced, supported by strong evidence, examined and tested, clear and unambiguous.
Don’t just go for the shocking, sad and emotionally charged images; to do so might exploit the victims and fail to uncover the cause of the distress.
Never accept what you are told at face value; always check every detail with two independent sources.
Always be aware that there will be those who will want to set up an event for their own purposes; be wary if you are offered an amazing photo opportunity.
Be sure that what you photograph reflects the true situation accurately and is not a distortion of reality; on the other hand, never ignore the one-off that could reveal an aspect of neglect or harm that has so far gone unnoticed.
You don’t need to have the whole story behind what you see, but you do need to be totally open, honest and transparent about what you know and what you don’t know.
Never follow the pack; they may be being led and fed by those with ulterior motives.
Build your own trusted contacts so that you are able to distinguish between fact and spin.
Be careful when filming an incident or a subject when you are not culturally familiar with the background and circumstances; what may seem shocking to you may only reflect one element of a complex story.
Don’t crop or edit beyond what is technically necessary to display the image; you could distort more than the picture – you will know instinctively when you have crossed the line between editing and manipulation.
Never stage-manage a shoot to hype up the story; your job is to report through images what has actually happened.
Check this site’s editorial guidelines on accuracy.
Impartiality
Be careful when filming topics about which you are passionately concerned; you could lose your objectivity and do more harm than good.
If you have an interest in covering an event, make that absolutely clear in the text that accompanies your work.
Aim to offer all sides of the story in context and in a way that enables the audience to reach a reasoned and informed conclusion.
Your only motivation should be to inform the public debate and shine a light on wrongdoing and abuse.
Being impartial and objective means not being prejudiced but being fair and accurate; be sure to recognise when you are getting carried away.
Always rise above your own personal perspective to try to see a story from other points of view; otherwise your work is likely to be one-sided and limited in scope value.
Ensure that you reflect a wide range of opinions through your camera lens, and be prepared to explore conflicting views so that no significant point of view is left out.
Check this site’s editorial guidelines on impartiality.
Taste & decency and offence
Do not be afraid of offending if the information you are covering is in the public interest.
Avoid gratuitous imagery that shocks rather than enhances the understanding of the audience; you are not there to sensationalise or impress.
Check this site’s editorial guidelines on offence.
Privacy and consent
Respect a person’s privacy, especially the vulnerable; their situation should not be seen as a rung on your career ladder.
Ensure that those you are filming are aware of how, where, and when the images are going to be used. If they are to be used online as well as in print or broadcast ensure that those being filmed understand that the images will be searchable forever.
Check this site’s editorial guidelines on privacy.
Integrity
Never expose someone to ridicule and humiliation; they have to live with the fallout the photograph will bring, whereas you may have moved on to the next story and suffer no consequences.
You are working as a video/photo journalist to inform the public debate, not for your own glory or to try to make yourself look good.
Never expose a subject to danger in order to improve the shot; take what is natural, warts and all.
Never take payment, promises, or favours in return for covering an event in a certain way or submitting a photograph that serves a cause.
Check this site’s editorial guidelines on integrity.
RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR
Unconscious bias and its impact on journalism
Is your journalism ethical?
Impartiality in journalism
Respecting privacy as a journalist
Why editorial ethics are important
Offence and journalism
Accuracy in journalism
Fairness in journalism
Integrity and journalism
About Media Helping MediaMedia Helping Media (MHM) provides free training resources for those in transition states, post-conflict countries and areas where the media is still developing. The modules have been written by media professionals. Read more.Tweets by Media Helping MediaTweets by Media Helping Media MHM on FacebookMedia Helping MediaSupported by the Fojo Media InstituteReproducing content
You are welcome to reproduce training modules from this site under the terms of the Creative Commons BY-NC-SA 4.0 licence. This means that you must provide attribution, link to the original work, use the material for non-commercial purposes only, and republish any derivatives under the same CC BY-NC-SA 4.0 licence.
About
Contact us
Cookies
Site map
© Content on Media Helping Media is released under Creative Commons BY-NC-SA 4.0 unless otherwise stated.
Media Helping Media uses cookies to improve your experience. You can opt out if you wish. SettingsAcceptPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
Media Helping Media (MHM) is built on WordPress. To function properly, WordPress installs what it calls 'session cookies', which are classed as 'strictly necessary' for the site to function. The following are the other 'non-necessary' cookies which are served when visiting the site.
cookielawinfo-checkbox-non-necessary - one of three cookies used to inform visitors of the cookie rules and regulations (the text you are reading now).
cookielawinfo-checkbox-Necessary - same as above; this one notes whether the visitor accepted the cookie rules or not and remembers that decision.
cookielawinfo-checkbox-Non-necessary - same as above; this one applies to those visitors who decide to disable 'non-necessary' cookies.
You can disable those cookies by using the opt-out button below. If you do Media Helping Media will still work perfectly well without them. If you are happy to continue using Media Helping Media and accept the 'necessary' cookies please close this pop-up, click 'accept' and continue.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.