http://newslookup.com/terms.html
Newslookup.com -› Terms Of Service
Sign-in
Toggle navigation
(current)
ALL
Live Feed
US Top Stories
Contributed
Regions
United States
US Local Markets
National Newspapers
US National TV News
US States Menu
US Top Stories
Africa
East Asia
Eastern Europe
Europe
Middle East
Oceania
South Asia
South East Asia
Australia
Canada
India
Ireland
New Zealand
South Africa
United Kingdom
Topics
Full Index
Business
Entertainment
Health
News Radio
News Wires - Top
News Wires - All
Politics
Press Releases
Radio Industry
Science
Sports
Technology
TV News
World News
World TV News
External Social Media
Social Forum Watch
Contributed
All Submissions (US)
Forum Index
Main Forums
Business
Entertainment
Health
News Media
Politics
Science
Technology
World News
Australia
Canada
India
United Kingdom
US News
Politics
US Politics
US Politics: Left
US Politics: Right
Trends
People
Celebrities
US Governors
US House Of Representatives
US Senators
Services
Downloads
Newsmaster Tools
News Feed Products
RSS Feeds
Trends
Site Info
About Us
Advertising
Contact
FAQ
News Site Submission
News Submission
Search Help
Kynast.com
Techlookup.com
Subscriptions
News Feed Products
API Feed Manager
API Search Manager
API Documentation
Terms of Service
Newslookup.com web sites and services are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind either express or implied.  If you do not agree with these terms then do not use our web sites or use our services.  Our websites and services we provide are as a convenience to you and you use at your own risk.
Newslookup.com does not make any guarantee nor assumes any liability for using our websites or services including data listed in search results, links to other sites, advertisements and RSS feeds.  Links, search result data, RSS feed links and advertisements listed on our sites does not constitute an endorsement of the material and we assume no responsibility for the content of any site we link to, include in our search results or for whom uses our RSS feeds.
Newslookup.com is not liable for any damages related to use of this system or services we provide and will not be held liable in any manner for loss of data resulting from the use of this system, services or inability to use our system or services.
We reserve the right to terminate use of our system or services including the use of our discussion forums, news feeds and search service for any user at any time and will not be held subject to any liability in result of such action.  Newslookup.com also reserves the right to sell ads on all news feeds and earch results pages. You are subject to any additional terms that Newslookup.com provided to you as a requirement of using our news feeds.
User Provided Content
Newslookup.com is not responsible and will not be held liable for material posted by our submitters.  Please use extreme caution when deciding to disclose any personally indentifiable information to public areas of this website.  You shall not submit or publish content that threatens, violates U.S. law, violates privacy, is obscene or pornographic, violates copyrights or trademarks, solicit funds or advertises.  Newslookup.com reserves the right to remove any content posted by our submitters.
Privacy
The ability of our users and content providers to have total anonymity is extremely important to us. We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. For more information on our privacy policy please see this link: https://newslookup.com/privacy.html
Newslookup.com may change these policies at any time and you should check this page for updates to this policy.