http://newslookup.com/privacy.html
Newslookup.com -› Privacy Policy
Sign-in
Toggle navigation
(current)
ALL
Live Feed
US Top Stories
Contributed
Regions
United States
US Local Markets
National Newspapers
US National TV News
US States Menu
US Top Stories
Africa
East Asia
Eastern Europe
Europe
Middle East
Oceania
South Asia
South East Asia
Australia
Canada
India
Ireland
New Zealand
South Africa
United Kingdom
Topics
Full Index
Business
Entertainment
Health
News Radio
News Wires - Top
News Wires - All
Politics
Press Releases
Radio Industry
Science
Sports
Technology
TV News
World News
World TV News
External Social Media
Social Forum Watch
Contributed
All Submissions (US)
Forum Index
Main Forums
Business
Entertainment
Health
News Media
Politics
Science
Technology
World News
Australia
Canada
India
United Kingdom
US News
Politics
US Politics
US Politics: Left
US Politics: Right
Trends
People
Celebrities
US Governors
US House Of Representatives
US Senators
Services
Downloads
Newsmaster Tools
News Feed Products
RSS Feeds
Trends
Site Info
About Us
Advertising
Contact
FAQ
News Site Submission
News Submission
Search Help
Kynast.com
Techlookup.com
Subscriptions
News Feed Products
API Feed Manager
API Search Manager
API Documentation
Privacy Policy
We will never use your information for any use beyond the details listed below and permissions you give us. The details and exceptions to this privacy policy are listed below.
Do we disclose any other information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.
Exceptions:
This does not include financial transactions to process a payment for a service we provide to you. In that event only the details necessary to process the payment are provided to the 3rd party processor.  After a financial transaction, your credit card information will not be stored on our servers
Viewing a news providers "cached copy" of a news article may display content, advertisements and applets hosted by the news provider on the news provider website or their 3rd party providers.  These links are clearly marked "cached copy".
In the course of doing business we may use a trusted third party who may assist us in operating our site, conducting our business, or servicing your account.  In such an event parties will be bound to our confidentially agreements and security policy standards to ensure information remains confidential and not transferred from our site.
We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to protect ours rights, property, or safety. We may disclose individual account or user information in accordance with legal authorities, to bring legal action against someone who we have reason to believe is intentionally interfering with or disrupting our service.
We currently are using Google as our 3rd party Ad provider. Google, uses cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to your website or other websites. Google's use of advertising cookies enables it and its partners to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and/or other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of personalized advertising by visiting Ads Settings https://www.google.com/settings/ads. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page.
What information do we collect?
We collect information you chose to provide if you register on our site, place an order, fill out a form or use any of our site tools or services. When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, company, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or your technical or website information.  Providing such information is optional and you may chose to browse and post to our site anonymously.
Server Logs:   This information is used solely for monitoring the volume of traffic the site receives and measuring the number of readers. We do not use the information for tracking the activities of specific visitors to the site. Your web browser automatically sends us (and we retain temporarily < 48 hours) information such as:
Internet service provider from which you access this site.
Internet Protocol address of the computer you are using.
Type of browser software and operating system you are using.
Date and time you access our site.
The referring link you may have clicked that links to our site.
We will use this information as aggregate data to help us maintain this site, to determine the number of visitors to different sections of our site, to ensure the site is working properly, and to help us make our site more accessible and useful. We will not use this information to identify individuals or obtain personally-identifying information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information.
Public Information: You can chose to post content to this site anonymously. However if you decide to post content to any service on this site please note the ID handle you chose at sign-up will always be publicly displayed. Personal information such as your name and city will not be displayed unless you specifically allow it in your profile settings.
Your default profile setting will display only your ID handle with your posted content. You can chose to allow or disallow displaying your personal profile information such as your first and last name, city or other settings at any time.
You can setup an account using an anonymous handle only, without using a first or last name. You may chose at any time to remove content you authored directly . If the content you published is publicly available or has been quoted or used by other content authors on this or other websites, the data may be remain available at our discretion. Content posted under your profile directory however will typically be removed shortly after you chose to delete it.
Please use extreme caution when deciding to disclose your personal information in public areas of the site. You shall not submit or publish content that violates U.S. law, violates privacy, is obscene or pornographic, violates copyrights or trademarks, solicit funds or advertises.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience. Your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs.
To improve our website. We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To improve customer service. Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To process transactions:
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a financial transaction, your credit card information will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information
We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart, understand and save your preferences for future visits and and site interaction so that we can offer better site experience.
Our site may use cookies for gathering information such as browser type and operating system to help us provide the appropriate user experience. Personal information cannot be collected via cookies and we do not collect personal information from cookies. However, if you previously provided personally identifiable information, cookies may be tied to such information.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to this privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.