http://our-hometown.com/privacy-policy-2/
Features
Feature List
Templates & Features
Audio Articles
iOS and Android Apps
Revenue Opportunities
Reverse Publishing
PDF to HTML Conversion
Customer Support
Business Updates Directory
Get Started
Plans & Pricing
Request a Free Demo
Request a Free Quote
Current Customers
Open A Ticket
Feedback Survey
2020 Feature Survey
Knowledgebase
WordPress Basic Training
Website Setup Form
About Us
About Our Hometown
Contact Us
Frequently Asked Questions
Company News
Privacy Policy
The privacy of our website’s visitors is important to us. This Privacy Policy explains what information may be collected through your use of our website. This Privacy Policy does not apply to third-party products or services for which a separate privacy policy is provided. Your use of our website constitutes an agreement to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Purpose of Information Collection
We collect information to help us analyze our users’ interest in our content, allowing us to make better decisions about the type of content we provide. We also may use the information we collect for marketing purposes.
Details of Information Collection
Like most websites, we may employ third-party analytics and advertiser services, such as those of Google Analytics, AdSense, and Matomo, on our website. These third party services use technologies such as cookies, web beacons, web server logs and similar technologies to collect information. The information collected is of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP, the browser you used to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site, and which pages you visited throughout our site.
The information collected may be disclosed to these third parties, who use the information, for example, to evaluate use of the website. The third parties may also use the information for geotargeting purposes (showing New York real estate ads to someone in New York, for example) or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited (such as showing cooking ads to someone who frequents cooking sites). Here is more information on how Google uses data.
We also may use DART cookies for ad serving through Google’s DoubleClick, which places a cookie on your computer when you are browsing the web and visit a site using DoubleClick advertising (including some Google AdSense advertisements). This cookie is used to serve ads specific to you and your interests (”interest based targeting”). The ads served will be targeted based on your previous browsing history (For example, if you have been viewing sites about visiting Las Vegas, you may see Las Vegas hotel advertisements when viewing a non-related site, such as on a site about hockey). DART uses “non-personally identifiable information.” It does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, telephone number, social security numbers, bank account numbers or credit card numbers.
Opting-out of website tracking
You can choose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security. However, this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites.
Deleting cookies does not mean you are permanently opted out of any advertising program. Unless you have settings that disallow cookies, the next time you visit a site running the advertisements, a new cookie will be added.
You can opt out of all Google Analytics tracking software – click here to download their browser opt-out add-on. You can also opt out of DoubleClick.
Privacy Policy Changes
The Privacy Policy may be changed at our sole discretion. We encourage our visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to the Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
© 2020 Our Hometown, Inc. - All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy
17 Pleasant Street Clifton Springs, NY 14432
By continuing to browse or by clicking 'Accept', you agree to our sites privacy policy.AcceptPrivacy policy