https://playthegame.org/about/privacy-policy/
Home  >
About  >
Privacy policy
Privacy policy
Photo: Colourbox
Read more about how Play the Game/the Danish Institute for Sports Studies store and manage personal data.
The Danish Institute for Sports Studies/Play the Game collects and processes personal data as a part of the institute’s activities. This applies primarily to research/analyses and the institute’s communication channels, including newsletters and websites.
In our data protection and cookie policy, you can find information about what personal data the Danish Institute for Sports Studies collects, how we use them as well as what your rights are concerning how we manage personal data.
General principlesThe Danish Institute for Sports Studies, including Play the Game and The Danish Institute for Non-formal Education, collects personal data to a limited extent.
When subscribing to our newsletters or ordering a report, there will be a collection of general personal data such as name, address and e-mail. In research/analyses, personal data can be broader and contain age, gender and education, when collected through surveys.
All personal data will be used solely for the stated purpose, whether this is communication or research/analysis. No personal data will be passed on or sold to third parties by the Danish Institute for Sports Studies.
Use of personal data in research/analysesPersonal data used in research/analyses and other, will be anonymized directly after data collection. The Danish Institute for Sports Studies does not possess id-numbers such as CPR.
Qualitative interviews with individuals will be saved as long as they are considered to have historical importance or to be necessary scientific documentation. As soon as interviews are assessed as no longer relevant, they will be deleted.
Use of personal data in communication channels
Newsletters
The Danish Institute for Sports Studies sends newsletters by e-mail, only to those who have subscribed. Names and e-mail-addresses are stored by the newsletter service MailChimp. The personal data is treated confidentially and is not passed on to third parties. When unsubscribing, all personal data will be deleted within 30 days.
You can unsubscribe from the newsletters by using a link in the bottom of one of the newsletters. You can also contact us directly, if you are no longer interested in receiving one of our newsletters, by sending an e-mail to idan@idan.dk, vifo@vifo.dk or info@playthegame.org.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file, that is saved on the computer of the user. Cookies are allowed if they are necessary to make the website work properly. For all other types of cookies, the Danish Institute for Sports Studies needs to get your consent. A cookie can never identify the user of the computer/device.
The use of cookies can give information about how the website is being used, what pages are being viewed and how long a visitor visits the website. Furthermore, cookies can save the visitors’ previous settings, for instance preferred font size and language. The four websites of the Danish Institute for Sports Studies (www.idan.dk, www.playthegame.org, www.vifo.dk and www.facilitetsdatabasen.dk) only use cookies to provide user-friendly and relevant websites.
The first time you visit www.idan.dk, www.playthegame.org, www.vifo.dk or/and www.facilitetsdatabasen.dk, you will see a cookie pop-up. If you do not wish to give consent to the use of cookies, you can disable cookies in your browser. You can also delete cookies, you previously have accepted. Please notice, that you have to delete your browser data if you have been on our website before and would like to see the cookie pop-up again.
On all four websites, the Danish Institute for Sports Studies uses Google Analytics to analyze, how often our website is visited and how the user uses the website. The information collected by Google Analytics is being processed on Google’s servers in the USA. Collection of data is set to a minimum: there are no third-party-cookies and data is stored no longer than 26 months after the most recent visit to one of the websites.
Read more about how Google Analytics use cookies here. Furthermore, you can disable the use of cookies from Google Analytics.
Besides Google Analytics, www.idan.dk, www.vifo.dk and www.playthegame.org use cookies to provide a Twitter-feed. Moreover, the institute uses cookies from Tweetwally (Twitter wall) as well as the video services Youtube and Vimeo.com, which collect data on the visitor’s video preferences.
Data controllerAs a data controller, The Danish Institute for Sports Studies is responsible for collecting and processing your personal data and has made physical, electronic and procedural security measures to protect all personal data collected and processed by the institute.
Use of data processorsThe Danish Institute for Sports Studies uses data processors for operating its websites, databases etc. The Danish Institute for Sports Studies has made agreements with all its external data processors that store personal data on the institute’s behalf.
Your rightsIf the Danish Institute for Sports Studies has registered your personal data, you have – according to the General Data Protection Regulation – the right to request access into data processed about you. Furthermore, you have the right to require correction or deletion of information that is erroneous or misleading. You also have the right to withdraw your consent for processing your personal data.
For questions and inquiries about how the Danish Institute for Sports Studies processes your personal data, you can contact:
The Danish Institute for Sports Studies Frederiksgade 78B, 2.sal 8000 Aarhus C
Denmark +45 70 27 55 77 E-mail: idan@idan.dk
Board
Staff
Statutes
Mission, vision and values
Activities
Programme committee
Play the Game Award
Job openings
Contact Play the Game
Privacy policy
Use of cookies
The website www.playthegame.org uses cookies to provide a user-friendly and relevant website. Cookies provide information about how the website is being used or support special functions such as Twitter feeds.
By continuing to use this site, you consent to the use of cookies. You can find out more about our use of cookies and personal data in our privacy policy.
Ok