https://publishers.org/terms-use/
Terms of Use
Conditions of Use
Welcome to the AAP site.  AAP and its associates provide their services to you through the AAP site, subject to the following conditions listed in this notice. By visiting this website, you accept our Terms of Use. Please read them carefully.
Privacy
Please review our Privacy Policy, which also governs your visit to our website, to understand our practices.
Copyright
All content on this site, including text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, video and audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software, is the property of AAP or its content suppliers and protected by applicable U.S. and international copyright laws, including fair use. The compilation of all content on this site was authored or arranged by or at the direction of AAP and therefore is the exclusive property of AAP, protected by applicable U.S. and international copyright laws, including fair use.
Trademarks
AAP’s trademarks and trade dress may not be used without express written permission from AAP, except as allowed under fair use.  In general, AAP’s trademarks and trade dress may not be used: (a) in connection with any product or service that is not AAP’s; (b) in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers or (c) in any manner that relies upon false information to disparage or discredit AAP. All other trademarks not owned by AAP or its subsidiaries that appear on this site are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by AAP or its subsidiaries. You may not use any AAP logo or other proprietary graphic or trademark as part of a hyperlink to AAP’s site without express written permission from AAP.
License and Site Access
AAP grants you a limited license to access our site and download content (for caching purposes and where AAP has enabled users to download specific content) and make personal use of this content and our site.  This license does not allow you to modify the AAP site, its content, or any portion of it, except with the express written consent of AAP. This license does not include any resale or commercial use of this site or its contents: any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices: any derivative use of this site or its contents: any downloading or copying of account information for the benefit of another merchant: or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. This site or any portion of this site may not be reproduced, displayed, made available, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without express written consent of AAP, except as allowed under fair use. You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of AAP and our associates without express written consent. You may not use any Meta tags or any other “hidden text” utilizing AAP’s name or trademarks without the express written consent of AAP. Any unauthorized use, that exceeds fair use or any other relevant copyright or trademark exception, terminates the permission or license granted by AAP. You are granted a limited, revocable, and nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to publicly accessible webpages on the AAP site so long as the link does not portray AAP, its associates, or their products or services in a false or misleading manner…
Electronic Communications
When you visit AAP or send e-mails to us, you are communicating with us electronically.. We communicate with any visitor to the AAP site through posting notices on this site.  In addition, if you communicate with AAP by email, you consent to receive communications from us electronically, which includes authorizing AAP to communicate with you by e-mail. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
Responsibility for Your Account
If you establish an account on this site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. If you are under 13, you may use our website only with the involvement of a parent or guardian. AAP and its associates reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders in their sole discretion.
Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liabilities
THIS SITE IS PROVIDED BY AAP ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. AAP MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THIS SITE OR THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, OR PRODUCTS INCLUDED ON THIS SITE. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THIS SITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, AAP DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. AAP DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THIS SITE, ITS SERVERS, OR E-MAIL SENT FROM AAP ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. AAP WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM THE USE OF THIS SITE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. CERTAIN STATE LAWS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUIONS, OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MIGHT HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS.
Applicable Law
By visiting AAP, you agree that the laws of the state of New York, NY, U.S.A., without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Terms of Use and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and AAP or its associates.
Disputes
Any dispute relating in any way to your visit to AAP or to products or events that you have paid for through AAP shall be submitted to confidential arbitration in New York, NY, U.S.A., except that, to the extent you have in any manner violated or threatened to violate AAP’s intellectual property rights, AAP may seek injunctive or other appropriate relief in any state or federal court in the state of New York, NY, U.S.A., and you consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in such courts. Arbitration under this agreement shall be conducted under the rules then prevailing of the American Arbitration Association. The arbitrator’s award shall be binding and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no arbitration under this Agreement shall be joined to an arbitration involving any other party subject to this Agreement, whether through class arbitration proceedings or otherwise.
Updates to Term of Use
AAP reserves the right to modify, alter or otherwise change its Terms of Use at any time. If we modify, alter, or otherwise change the Terms of Use, AAP will provide an explanation of the changes and clearly mark the effective date on the current Terms of Use.  Any changes to our Terms of Use will be effective upon posting the policy on our Website. Please check back regularly and review the current Terms of Use.
Site, Policies, Modification, and Serverability
Please review our other policies, such as our Privacy Policy, posted on this site. These policies also govern your visit to AAP. We reserve the right to make changes to our site, policies, and the Terms of Use at any time. If any of these terms shall be deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining conditions.
Questions:
Questions regarding our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, or other policy related material can be directed to our support staff by writing to us through our “Contact Us” page. Or you can email info@publishers.org
Copyright Complaints
AAP is strongly committed to respecting intellectual property. If you believe that your work of original authorship appears on any of our sites in a way that infringes your copyright and wish for such material to be taken down, please send an email or written notice to our Designated Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) Agent and provide the following information:
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site.Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit AAP to locate the material.Information reasonably sufficient to permit AAP to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted.A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
You can reach AAP’s Designated DMCA Agent:
By mail :Association of American PublishersLegal Department,455 Massachusetts Ave NW, Ste 700Washington, DC 20001 By phone :(202) 347-3375 By email :DMCAagent@publishers.org