https://pulitzercenter.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Donate Now
The Pulitzer Center is committed to protecting the privacy of all individuals who visit PulitzerCenter.org, subscribe to our email newsletters, or submit personal information to us directly through the internet or at in-person events.
What We Know About You
PulitzerCenter.org uses cookies to track information about all individuals who visit our website. This may include: your Internet Service Provider, your IP address, your home country or region, your web browser, the platform you are using to access the site (Mac, Windows PC, iPhone, Android phone, etc.), the pages you visit on the site, the duration of your visit, and how you first reached our site (Google search, social media link, email link, etc.).
For users who subscribe to our email newsletters either via PulitzerCenter.org or in person, or donate to the Pulitzer Center online, via mail, or in person, we track information that is provided to us voluntarily through our newsletter sign-up and donation forms. By filling out these forms, users are consenting for the Pulitzer Center to have access to the personal data they have submitted. This may include: full name, email address, phone number, job title and other information about the nature of your work, employer, street address, city, state or province, postal code, or country. The Pulitzer Center does not record or store credit card numbers or checking account information.
Cookies
PulitzerCenter.org uses online cookies, text files stored in your web browser, that record limited anonymous information about users to improve their experience on the site and help us understand how use the site. Users can configure their web browsers to disable all cookies, or alert them when a cookie is transmitting data to a website. Most of PulitzerCenter.org should function normally without cookies enabled, but it is possible that users may encounter some issues accessing content. Some of our service providers may use cookies to provide services on our behalf, and those services may not function correctly if you opt out.
What We Tell Others About You
The Pulitzer Center uses your information for internal purposes only. We will never share, rent, or sell your personally identifiable information to a third party. We will not otherwise disclose your personally identifiable information to third parties without your consent, unless otherwise disclosed in this privacy statement.
The Pulitzer Center uses trusted third-party service providers like Google Analytics, MailChimp, EventBrite, Network for Good, Salesforce, and ShareThis that collect information about our users. Please visit them directly for their individual privacy policies and instructions about how to opt out of those services.
Links to Other Websites
PulitzerCenter.org includes links to other websites that we do not control. The Pulitzer Center is not responsible for the privacy practices or contents of third-party websites.
Opting Out
If you wish to stop receiving communications from the Pulitzer Center, you can opt out at any time by emailing us at contact@pulitzercenter.org, by calling us at (202) 332-0982, or by writing to us via mail at the address listed below.