http://strausnews.com/terms-of-service.html
Straus News
ABOUT US
ADVERTISE
CLASSIFIEDS
LEGAL & PUBLIC NOTICES
FAQ
CONTACT US
HISTORY
AWARDS
DONATE
TERMS OF SERVICE
Welcome to Strausnews.com, owned
and operated by Straus Newspapers, Inc.
(Straus News), and its sister
sites, which include but are not limited to advertisernewsnorth.com,
advertisernewssouth.com, spartaindependent.com, townshipjournal.com,
warwickadvertiser.com, thephoto-news.com, chroniclenewspaper.com,
westmilfordmessenger.com, pikecountycourier.com, nypress.com, ourtownny.com, westsidespirit.com,
otdowntown.com, chelseaclintonnews.com, and dirt-mag.com (collectively the
“Straus News Sites”).  We are committed to
providing you with an interactive and positive experience, while at the same
time protecting our rights and the rights of our users.  This Terms of
Service is a legal agreement between Straus News and you.  If you have any
questions about the Terms of Service or any other agreement referenced below,
please contact us at nyoffice@strausnews.com.
Scope of the Agreement
By using any of the Straus News
Sites, you agree to abide by the Terms of Service, as well as our related
Privacy Policy located at http://www.strausnews.com/privacy-policy.html.  Straus News publishes the
Straus News Sites for your personal, non-commercial use only.  You cannot
reproduce, republish, or redistribute material from the Straus News Sites in
any form, for any commercial purpose, without our express written permission. We
may change, suspend, or discontinue any aspect of the Straus News Sites at any
time, including the availability of any feature or any piece of content.
We may also impose limits on certain features and services or restrict your
access to parts or all of the Services without notice or liability.
Changes to the Terms of Service or
Privacy Policy
Any changes to the Terms of Service
or Privacy Policy will be: (a) posted on the Straus News Website; (b) shall
become effective immediately upon posting; and (c) will not apply retroactively
unless indicated otherwise.  We will do our best to notify you of any
changes to either agreement.  However, you should periodically check the
Straus News Sites to see whether we changed either agreement.  If you do
not accept any changes that we make to either agreement, your sole remedy is
not to use the Straus News Sites.
Copyright
The Straus News Sites consists of,
and contains, news articles, opinions, reviews, directories, guides,
photographs, images, graphics, illustrations, audio clips, source code,
software, databases, and other text and data (collectively, the “Content”).
Unless indicated otherwise, all of the Content on the Straus News Sites is
exclusively copyrighted and owned by Straus News.
By using the Straus News Sites, you
agree not to use any of the Content for commercial purposes.  You also
agree to abide by any additional copyright notices, information, or
restrictions associated with any of the Content on the Straus New Sites.
4.         Terms
of Use
The Straus News Sites are community sites.  As such, there are weblogs,
forums, photo galleries and other interactive areas where users can express opinions
and share ideas and information.  In addition, some of the Straus New
Sites may allow you to upload or otherwise submit videos, audio files,
audiovisual combinations, still images, graphics, text, and/or other content
(collectively, including comments, “User Content”).
Any User Content that you submit
must not:
Contain any copyrighted material
that has not been adequately cleared prior to submission, including but not
limited to news articles, music, movies, books, television programming,
artwork, sculpture, photographs, characters, plot elements, descriptions, or
any other material protected by copyright;
Violate the privacy rights or rights
of publicity of any person or impersonate or otherwise misrepresent
affiliation, association, or connection with, any person or entity;
Include any third party trademarks,
logos, insignia, or location signage or identify or promote the goods or
services of any third party;
Include any personally identifiable
information about a person under the age of thirteen (13) years; or
Violate any law.
If the User Content includes any
statements that are offered as facts, you also must believe those statements to
be true and have a reasonable basis for such belief.
Moreover, in order to ensure that the Straus News Sites are welcoming to all
users, all submitted User Content should not:
Contain material or depict or
promote activity that is offensive, threatening, profane, harassing, sexually
explicit, discriminatory (e.g., based on race, sex, religion, natural origin,
physical disability, sexual orientation or age), obscene, pornographic,
violent, (e.g., relating to murder, the sale of weapons, cruelty, abuse, etc.),
or illegal (e.g., underage drinking, substance abuse, computer hacking, etc.).
Contain any software viruses or any
other computer code, files, or programs designed to interrupt, destroy, or
limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware equipment.
Contain any form of advertising or
solicitation, including “affiliate marketing,” “link referral code,” “junk
mail,” or “spam.” In
addition, when leaving comments or otherwise posting or sending communications
through a Straus News Site, we request that you do not:
Contact anyone who has asked not to
be contacted;
“Stalk” or otherwise harass anyone;
Collect personal data about other
users for commercial or unlawful purposes;
Post irrelevant comments, repeatedly
post the same or similar comments, or otherwise impose an unreasonable or
disproportionately large number of comments, which disrupts the normal flow of
dialogue; or
Use a misleading email address or
otherwise disguise your identity.
You should be aware that Straus
News cannot – and does not – monitor all of the material posted or transmitted
to the Straus News Sites.  As a result, by using any of the Straus News
Sites, you may be exposed to User Content that you may find offensive,
indecent, inaccurate, misleading, or otherwise objectionable.
Straus News does not control, and
is not responsible for, any User Content made available through the Straus News
Sites by others.  Moreover, Straus News does not endorse, affirm, or make
any representations as to any of the User Content made available through the
Straus News Sites.
If you believe that any User Content
does not conform with the standards set forth above, we encourage you to report
it to Straus News at nyoffice@strausnews.com.  We take these reports
seriously.  However, Straus News will take action as it deems appropriate.
If you disagree with Straus News’ decisions, your sole remedy is to refrain
from using the Straus News Sites.
5.         License
to Straus News For Use of User Content
For all User Content uploaded or
submitted by you, you grant to Straus News a non-exclusive, worldwide, perpetual,
irrevocable, fully paid up, transferable license, with the right to grant and
authorize sublicenses, to use, copy, prepare derivative works of, publicly
perform, display, post, publish, transmit, syndicate and distribute the User
Content you upload to the Service for any purpose and in any media now known or
hereafter devised.  In addition, you hereby grant permission for the use
of the name, likeness, voice, photograph, image, and personality of any person
depicted or identified in the User Content, to the extent you provide such
information in or with the User Content.  You will not be entitled to any
compensation for the grant of the foregoing rights, and you further understand
that Straus News does not guarantee confidentiality with respect to any User
Content you submit. Nonetheless, by submitting User Content to Straus News, you
are not giving up all rights to your User Content.  You still retain
ownership of all User Content submitted unless otherwise agreed to in writing.
6.         Membership
and Submission of User Information
Certain areas of the Straus News
Sites may require registration or may ask you to provide information to
participate in certain features or access content, including personally
identifiable information such as your first and last name, address, or email
address. The decision to provide any information to Straus News is purely
optional.  However, when you provide any information to Straus News or
register with any Straus News Site, you agree to provide only true, accurate, current,
and complete information.  You accept responsibility for all activities
that occur under your account or password.
7.         Fees
and Purchases
Some Straus News Sites also allow
you to make purchases.  For all charges for any products and services sold
on the Straus News Site, Straus News will bill your credit card or alternative
payment method offered by Straus News.  Purchases made through
Strausnews.com require that you supply your name, address, telephone number,
e-mail address, credit card number, or other billing information.  To
enable the purchase of photographs and other products, we collect and store billing and credit
card information.  This information only will
be shared with third parties who perform tasks required to complete the purchase
transaction.  Examples of this include fulfilling orders and processing
credit card information. In the event legal action is necessary to collect on
balances due, you agree to reimburse Straus News for all expenses incurred to
recover sums due, including attorneys’ fees and other legal expenses.  You
are responsible for purchase of, and payment of charges for, all Internet
access services and telecommunications services needed for use of this Straus
News Sites.
8.         Third
Parties
You should also be aware that the
Straus News Sites contain links to third party websites or use third-party
applications or other online services that are not owned or controlled by
Straus News.  Straus News does not control the content, privacy policies,
or practices of any third party websites or any third-party application.
Please review the terms of service, including privacy policies, of such third
parties.  If you decide to access any other website linked to or from
Straus News, or if you decide to use a third party application not owned or
controlled by Straus News, you do so entirely at your own risk.
9.         Access
and Interference
We take pride in Content that we
provide to you on the Straus News Site and the community-based sites that we
maintain.  Therefore, by using any of the Straus News Sites, you agree
that you will not use any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means to
access any such site for any purpose without our express written permission.
Additionally, you agree that you will not:  (i) take any action that
imposes, or may impose in our sole discretion an unreasonable or
disproportionately large load on our infrastructure; (ii) interfere or attempt
to interfere with the proper working of any of the Straus News Sites or any activities
conducted on the Straus News Sites; or (iii) bypass any measures we may use to
prevent or restrict access to the Straus News Sites.
10.       Digital
Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) Notice
In operating the Straus News Sites,
third party materials that we do not own or control may be transmitted, stored,
accessed, or otherwise made available on the Straus News Sites.  Straus
News will promptly remove materials from the Straus News Sites in accordance
with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”), if properly notified that
the materials infringe a third party’s copyright.  In addition, Straus
News may, in appropriate circumstances, terminate the accounts of repeat
copyright infringers.
Pursuant to Title 17, United States
Code, Section 512(c)(2) and (d), notifications of claimed copyright
infringement must be submitted to the following Straus News Designated
Agent:
Attn: Copyright Agent
Straus News
20 West Avenue
Chester, NY 10918-1053
nyoffice@strausnews.com
Telephone Number: (845) 469-9000
If you believe that your work has
been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide us
with the following information:
A physical or electronic signature
of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that
is allegedly infringed.
A description of the copyrighted
work that you claim has been infringed.
A description of where on the Straus
News Site the material that you claim is infringing may be found, sufficient
for Straus News to locate the material (e.g., the URL).
A statement that you have a good
faith belief that the use of the copyrighted work is not authorized by the
copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
Information reasonably sufficient to
permit the service provider Straus News to contact you, such as an address,
telephone number, and (if available) an email address where you may be
contacted.
A statement that you have a
good-faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not
authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
A statement that the information in
the notification is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that you are
authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is
allegedly infringed.
Any other requirements under U.S.
law.
In response to such a written
communication, Straus News may take steps to give notice to the affected user,
which may include a general notice on the Straus News Sites, an e-mail to a
user’s e-mail address in Straus News’ records, or by a written communication
sent by first-class mail to a User’s address on Straus News’s records.
If you believe that your material
has been removed by mistake or misidentification, please provide Straus News
with a written counter-notification to the above address containing the
following information:
Your name, address, and telephone
number.
A description of the material that
was removed and the location on the Straus News Site (e.g., the URL) where it
previously appeared.
A statement UNDER PENALTY OF PERJURY
that you have a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as
a result of mistake or misidentification.
A statement that you consent to the
jurisdiction of the Federal District Court for the judicial district in which
your address is located, or if your address is outside of the United States,
any judicial district in which Straus News may be found (which includes the
United States District Court for the Southern District of New York).
A statement that you will accept
service of process from the person who provided notification of the alleged
infringement or an agent of such person.
Your electronic or physical
signature.
Please note that we will send any
complete counter-notifications we receive to the person who submitted the
original DMCA notice.  That person may elect to file a lawsuit against you
for copyright infringement.  If we do not receive notice that a lawsuit
has been filed within ten business days after we provide notice of your
counter-notification, we will restore the removed materials.  Until that
time, your materials will remain removed.
If you believe that any content or
activity on any of the Straus News Sites raises legal issues affecting other
than copyright (by way of example, trademark, privacy, disparagement), you may
follow the procedures outlined above for DMCA claims and a representative of
Straus News will investigate.
In filing a DMCA notice or
counter-notification, please make sure that you have complied with all of the
above requirements.  If we request additional information necessary to
make your DMCA notice or counter-notification complete, please provide that
information promptly.  If you fail to comply with all of these
requirements, your DMCA notice or counter-notification may not be processed
further.
In addition, please make sure that
all of the information you provide is accurate.  UNDER SECTION 512(f) OF
THE COPYRIGHT ACT, 17 U.S.C. § 512(f), ANY PERSON WHO KNOWINGLY MATERIALLY
MISREPRESENTS THAT MATERIAL OR ACTIVITY IS INFRINGING OR WAS REMOVED OR
DISABLED BY MISTAKE OR MISIDENTIFICATION MAY BE SUBJECT TO LIABILITY.
Straus News may disclose any
communications concerning DMCA notices or other complaints submitted by users
under the procedures outlined above for DMCA, including the users who have
posted the allegedly infringing material.
If you have questions about the
legal requirements of a DMCA notice, please contact an attorney or see Section
512(c)(3) of the U.S. Copyright Act, 17 U.S.C. § 512(c)(3), for more
information. If you have questions about the legal requirements of a DMCA
counter-notification, please contact an attorney or see Section 512(g)(3) of
the U.S. Copyright Act, 17 U.S.C. § 512(g)(3), for more information
11.       No
Warranty
THE STRAUS NEWS SITES ARE PROVIDED
“AS IS,” WITH ANY WARRANTIES WHATSOEVER, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY,
INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  WITHOUT LIMITATION, STRAUS NEWS DOES NOT WARRANT THAT
THE SERVICE WILL OPERATE WITHOUT ERROR OR INTERRUPTION, OR THAT THE INFORMATION
PROVIDED WILL BE COMPLETE OR ACCURATE.
12.       Limitation
of Liability for Damages
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY
LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL STRAUS NEWS OR STRAUS NEWS’ RESPECTIVE OFFICERS,
DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, OR AGENTS (COLLECTIVELY, “STRAUS NEWS AND ITS
AFFILIATES”) BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE,
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, OR LOST PROFITS, COST OF COVER, LOSS OF
DATA, INTERRUPTION OF BUSINESS, RESULTING FROM THIS AGREEMENT, THE SERVICE, OPERATION
OF THE SERVICE, ACTIONS REGARDING YOUR USER CONTENT, OR ACTIONS REGARDING THIRD
PARTIES, REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY, INCLUDING EXPRESS CONTRACT,
IMPLIED CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, WARRANTY, OR
MISREPRESENTATION, AND WHETHER OR NOT STRAUS NEWS IS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGES.  TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, STRAUS NEWS’ AND
ITS AFFILIATES’ TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU WILL BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNTS YOU HAVE
PAID STRAUS NEWS FOR ACCESS TO THE SERVICE.
In the event of any problem with
The Straus News Sites or any content, including user content, you agree that
your sole remedy is not to use the Straus News Sites.  In the event of any
problem with the products or services that you have purchased on or through the
Straus News Sites, you agree that your sole remedy, if any, is to seek a return
and refund for such product or services in accordance with the returns and
refunds policies posted on the applicable Straus News Site.
BECAUSE SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW
THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN TYPES OF DAMAGES, THE LIABILITY OF
STRAUS NEWS AND AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY
LAW.
13.       Indemnity
You agree to indemnify,
defend and hold Straus News, its affiliates, and their respective successors
and assigns, directors, officers, employees, representatives, agents,
licensors, Advertisers, Operators, suppliers and service providers harmless
from any and all claims, liabilities, damages, losses, costs and expenses
(including reasonable attorneys’ fees), arising in any way out of or in
connection with (a) your use of the Straus News Sites, (b) your breach or
violation these Terms of Service or (c) your User Content.  Straus News reserves the right to assume the
exclusive defense and control of any matter subject to indemnification by you
and all negotiations for its settlement or compromise, and you agree to fully
cooperate with us upon our request.
14.       Termination
In the exercise of its discretion,
Straus News may suspend or terminate your access to the Straus News Sites,
remove or limit your access to Content available on the Straus News Sites,
remove any User Content that you submit, or disable any user account you may
have with Straus News.  Straus News may take such actions without prior
notice and without any resulting liability.
15.       Choice
of Law; Disputes
The Straus News Sites are delivered
from New York, and the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy are deemed entered
into and performed in the State of New York.  You agree that the Straus
News Sites are based in, and the Service is provided from New York in the
United States.  The Straus News Sites shall be deemed a passive website that does not give rise to personal
jurisdiction over Straus News, either specific or general, in jurisdictions
other than New York.  This Agreement shall be governed by New York law,
without respect to its conflict of law principles. Any claim or dispute
between you and Straus News that arises in whole, or in part, from the Straus
News Sites shall be finally resolved by arbitration administered by the
American Arbitration Association under its Commercial Arbitration Rules,
including the Consumer-Related Disputes Supplementary Procedures if applicable,
in which any claimant party must participate in its individual capacity, rather
than as a plaintiff or class member in a class or representative
proceeding.  Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator(s) may be
entered in any court having jurisdiction.  The arbitration will be
conducted in the English language in New York, New York, in accordance with the
United States Arbitration Act, but any party to such an arbitration may elect
to participate by telephone.  Any action to resolve a dispute arising out
of or related to this Agreement must be commenced within one year after the
date of the event giving rise to the claim and will be subject to limited
discovery.  Otherwise, such causes of actions are permanently barred.
16.       No
Implied Waiver
No waiver by Straus News shall be
implied.  Any waiver of any term of this Agreement must be in writing and
signed by an officer of Straus News.
17.       Severability
If any portion of the Terms of
Service, or any other agreement referenced in the Terms of Service, is found to
be unenforceable, such portion will be modified to reflect the parties’
intention and only to the extent necessary to make it enforceable.  The
remaining provisions of the Terms of Service will remain in full force and
effect.
18.       International
Considerations
Straus News makes no
representations that the Service is appropriate or available for use in
locations other than the United States.   Those who access or use the
Service from outside the U.S. do so at their own volition and are responsible
for compliance with applicable laws.
19.       Assignment
Straus News may assign,
subcontract, delegate, and transfer its rights and obligations under this
Agreement to a third party.  You may not assign or transfer any membership
account, without the prior consent of Straus News.
20.       Force
majeure
Straus News will not be liable for
any failure or delay in its performance due to any cause beyond its reasonable
control, including act of war, acts of God, acts of third party service
providers, earthquake, flood, embargo, riot, sabotage, labor shortage or
dispute, governmental act, power failure or failure of the Internet or computer
equipment.
21.       Entire
Agreement
This Agreement (including the Privacy
Policy) is the entire Terms of Service between you and Straus News.
Except as provided above, any modification to this agreement must be in writing
and must be signed by both parties.
UPDATE
July 2015
STRAUS NEWS SITES
Newspapers
The Advertiser-News North
The Advertiser-News South
The Chronicle
The Photo News
The Pike County Courier
The Sparta Independent
The Township Journal
The Warwick Advertiser
The West Milford Messenger
Chelsea News
Our Town East Side
Our Town Downtown
The West Side Spirit
Magazines
dirt
Directories & Special Sections
Orange Community Guide
Passaic Community Service Guide
Pike Community Guide
Sussex Community Guide
Golf Country
Orange Home and Garden
Passaic Home and Garden
Pike Home and Garden
Sussex Home and Garden
Best of Manhattan
ABOUT US   ADVERTISE   CONTACT US   TERMS OF SERVICE
© 2019 by Straus News. All rights reserved.