http://stwnewspress.com/site/privacy.html
Login
News
Local News
Lifestyles
Q5 Interviews
Local Columnists
Schools
Arts & Entertainment
OSU Update
Police Scanner
State News
Video
Local Business
Sports
OSU Sports
Stillwater High School Sports
Area High School Sports
OKC Thunder
Local Sports
National Sports
Sports Columns
Outdoors
AP Auto Racing
Opinion
Columns
Editorials
Letters to the Editor
Submit a Letter to the Editor
Announcement Forms
Community
TV Spotlight
Area Diner's Guide
Medical, Fitness and Health Directory
Area Church Directory
Stillwater Style
Celebrations
Anniversary
Births
Engagements
Weddings
OSU 125th Anniversary
Area Class of 2018
Readers' Choice
Classifieds
Jobs
Homes
Place An Ad
Classifieds
Real Estate Weekly
Area Housing Guide
Coupons
Public Notices
E-Paper
App
Celebrations
Obituaries
Contact Us
Purchase Photos
Submit a Letter to the Editor
Submit a News Tip
Place an Obituary
News Press on Twitter
News Press on Facebook
Subscribe
Start a Subscription
Manage My Subscription
E-Paper
App Downloads
Newsletter
Shop
Coupons
Weekly Ads
Newspaper Ads
Public Notices
Carrier Application
COVID-19 News
Toggle navigation
Menu
Search
Contact Us
Purchase Photos
Submit a Letter to the Editor
Submit a News Tip
Place an Obituary
Subscribe
Start a Subscription
Manage My Subscription
E-Paper
App Downloads
Newsletter
Login
About Us
Contact Us
Advertise with Us
News Press on Twitter
News Press on Facebook
E-Paper
Local Events
See All Events
Add Your Event
Celebrations
Obituaries
Public Notices
Free access to breaking news is sponsored by the Stillwater News Press
Home
EffectiveThis Policy was last modified on October 17, 2017.Information PracticesCNHI LLC and its affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively "CNHI") understand that security and privacy are important issues for visitors to our web site, http://www.stwnewspress.com (the "Site") and recognize our obligations to keep your information secure and confidential. That is why we maintain the following standards to help protect information that personally identifies you. We may modify this Privacy Policy (the "Policy") at any time and, accordingly, we urge you to frequently review the Policy. We will always apply the Policy under which your information was collected, unless we obtain your prior consent for additional disclosure, or are legally required to disclose, as noted below. Please note that the Policy applies only to information collected by us through the Site, as specified below, and unless expressly stated otherwise, does not govern or apply to any information collected or used by CNHI including, but not limited to, http://www.stwnewspress.com through other means.Collection of InformationYou may be asked to voluntarily provide your name, billing address, shipping address, phone number, credit card number, e-mail address or other personally identifiable information ("Personal Information") to make purchases or to have access to some features of the Site. By using the Site and providing us with your Personal Information, you consent to our use of such information as described in this Policy. You may always refuse to provide your Personal Information, and this may lead to our inability to provide you with certain products or services. We or our business partners may also collect information that is anonymous, such as your IP number (a number used to identify your computer on the Internet) or the type of browser you are using ("Anonymous Information"), through the use of cookies or by other means. Because this information helps us in evaluating how our visitors use and navigate the Site on an aggregate basis, including the number and frequency of visitors to each page of the Site, and the length of visits, we hope that, by using Anonymous Information, we can update the Site to make it more useful to you and other users. We reserve the right to maintain, update, disclose or otherwise use Anonymous Information, without limitation.Use of InformationWe use your Personal Information for the following purposes: to process your orders and administer your account; to administer and improve the Site and related services; to personalize the content of the Site to your preferences; to process requests made by you; to notify you of our products, services, promotional events or special offers that maybe of interest to you; to provide Internet security; where reasonably necessary to enforce our Legal Terms and Conditions of Use; and if there is a good faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request. CNHI may work with our business partners who may perform certain functions on our behalf, such as fulfilling orders, sending e-mail messages, managing data, processing credit card payments or providing customer service. These business partners have access to your Personal Information only to the extent necessary to perform these specific functions and may not use it for any other purpose. Other than for the specific purposes set forth in this Policy, we will not disclose your Personal Information unless we obtain your prior consent or are legally required to do so. We may use third party advertising companies to place ads on the Site and to place our ads on other web sites. These companies may use Anonymous Information about your visits to this and other web sites to provide advertisements on the Site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you. If CNHI is involved in the sale of a substantial portion of its business assets, Anonymous or Personal Information may be among the transferred assets.E-mail CommunicationsIn an attempt to protect your privacy, if we send you an e-mail, then our communication will not include sensitive personal account information, such as credit card information. We recommend that you do not include such information in e-mail communications directed to us. We may communicate with you by postal mail, e-mail or by posting notices on the Site. All agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.Privacy of ChildrenWe encourage parents and guardians to be aware of and participate in their children's online activities. The Site is not intended or designed to attract children under the age of 13. We strictly adhere to the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act and will not knowingly collect, use or disclose Personal Information from any child under the age of 13 in any manner that violates this law. Please note that the Site may contain links to other sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by third parties ("Third Party Sites") which may request Personal Information from children under the age of 13. CNHI is not responsible for the collection or use of Personal Information collected from any child under the age of 13 at any Third Party Sites. We encourage parents and guardians to review the privacy policies contained on the Third Party Sites. CNHI disclaims any liability for any third party's use of such Personal Information obtained through using the Third Party Site.Your Opportunity to Opt-out of E-mailIn the event you do not wish to receive promotional or editorial content e-mail(s) from us, follow the opt-out instructions contained within the body of any e-mail message you receive.CookiesWhen you visit the Site, we or a third party advertiser may store or recognize some information on your computer in the form of a "cookie" or similar file that provides an opportunity for a better user experience for you and better programming from us. A "cookie" is a small computer file that is transferred to a computer's hard drive and which permits us to know about site visits. We may use cookies to improve your experience on the Site by making it easier for you to navigate through the Site or to make a site feature work better. Information collected from a "cookie" might include information regarding your browser, type of computer, operating system, Internet service provider and other similar information. Cookie technology may also gather information about the areas you visit on our Site and about the links you may select from within our Site to other areas of the Internet. We use such information in the aggregate to understand which services and resources our visitors prefer and how those services and resources are used. Cookies also allow us to remember you between visits, for example, they may be used for any auto-login feature on the Site or to save any customized preference settings for future visits. We do not extract Personal Information during this process. With most Internet browsers or other software, you can erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block all cookies or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. Please refer to your browser instructions to learn more about these functions. If you reject cookies, functionality of the Site may be limited, and you may not be able to take advantage of many of the Site's features.In order to provide a more relevant online experience, some of the ads that you see across our Services as well as third party websites and applications are customized based on your previous online activity. For more general information about interest-based ads and your choices, visit these sites: the Digital Advertising Alliance or the Network Advertising Initiative.For our mobile applications, you can opt-out of the use of this information to tailor the ads you are shown, by using the "Limit Ad Tracking" settings on your mobile device. You will continue to see ads, but they will not be selected based on your activity across unrelated web sites or apps.LinksThe Site may contain links to Third Party Sites. CNHI is not responsible for the collection or use of your Personal or Anonymous Information at any Third Party Sites. Therefore, CHNI disclaims any liability for any third party's use of your Personal or Anonymous Information obtained through using the Third Party Site.SurveysFrom time to time, CNHI may conduct online surveys through the Site. For example, an opportunity to participate in a survey may be presented in a pop-up window. All surveys are completely voluntary and you may always decline to participate. Unless otherwise agreed to by you, the information you provide in response to a survey may be shared with our business partners and other third parties, but only in the aggregate and will not be used to identify specific individuals.ContestsFrom time to time, CNHI may conduct online contests or promotions through the Site. All contests and promotions are completely voluntary and you may always decline to participate. The information you provide in connection with a contest or promotion, including Personal Information, will be used for the purpose of conducting the contest or promotion and may be shared in accordance with this Policy or the official rules of such contest or promotion. For example, CNHI may use Personal Information to contact participants in connection with winning a prize. Further, CNHI may announce the names of all winners publicly in connection with the award recognition process. In addition, CNHI may participate in contests and promotions sponsored by reputable third parties. If you choose to participate in such contests or promotions, we may provide certain Personal Information to these third parties in furtherance of the contest or promotion. These parties will be asked to hold this information in confidence, not use it for any purpose except to carry out the requested service, and honor CNHI's privacy and security policies in the way this information is handled.Public AreasCNHI makes some public chat rooms, forums, message boards, and news groups available to you. Please remember that these areas of the Site are public areas and may be viewed by other visitors to the Site. You should not post any Personal Information in these areas. Any information that is voluntarily disclosed by you in these areas is not proprietary or protected. Please see the section on Submitted Information in the CNHI's Legal Terms and Conditions of Use for additional information and restrictions regarding these submissions.SecurityWe have policies and procedures in place to protect the privacy and confidentiality of your Personal Information that we collect and maintain. All Personal Information is stored on our secured servers, behind a firewall at a data center with access to data strictly controlled. We use Secure Sockets Layering (SSL) to encrypt your personal credit information, including your credit card number, before it travels over the Internet. Any unauthorized use of the Site may result in criminal and/or civil prosecution.Your California Privacy RightsBeginning January 1, 2005, California law permits customers who are California residents to request once in any calendar year certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact us by e-mail at: digital@cnhi.com, or write to us at: CNHI LLC, Attn: General Counsel, 445 Dexter Avenue; Montgomery, AL 36104.Prohibited UsesThis Site is not intended for use by persons located within the European Economic Area (EEA). We do not request or accept personal information concerning or supplied by persons who are located within the EEA at the time they access this Site. If you have accessed this Site from within the EEA, you should immediately discontinue your use. If you have supplied personal information to us in violation of this provision, whether through the registration of new user accounts or otherwise, please contact us at digital@cnhi.com. If you continue to use this Site in violation of this provision, your continued use, including the collection of any data, will be governed by US law.Access and CorrectionsWe strive to keep your Personal Information accurate. You can access and update the Personal Information that you have provided to us at any time. If you wish to update Personal Information provided to us, please access your account where you may view, update or correct your information online. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your data or enabling you to make corrections.AP News RegistryThis Site uses services provided by AP News Registry. AP News Registry collects content usage information and may use cookies in conjunction with this activity. Your continued readership of the Site means you accept the privacy policy of the AP News Registry. Please refer to the AP News Registry privacy policy at http://ap.org/company/privacy for further information.Contacting UsIf you have any questions or comments about this Policy, please contact us by e-mail at digital@cnhi.com, or write to us at: CNHI LLC, Attn: General Counsel, 445 Dexter Avenue; Montgomery, AL 36104. Please provide a concise communication with complete information, including your contact information.
COUPON DEALS
NEWSPAPER ADS
Trending Recipes
This Week's Circulars
Obituaries
Criswell, Gilbert
Lockwood, Olive
Dennis Martin
Dennis Martin, 72, died December 4, 2020. His graveside service will begin at 1:00 p.m. Monday, December 14, 2020 at Fairlawn Cemetery in Stillwater. Strode Funeral Home and Cremation is in charge of arrangements.
Verna Dershem
Verna "Jeanie" Dershem of Nash, Oklahoma passed on Sunday, December 6, 2020. Services will be at Bethel Hawley Baptist Church on Saturday, December 12 at 2:00 pm. Services entrusted to Palmer Marler Funeral Home.
WILEY, Mary Feb 16, 1927 - Dec 1, 2020
Mary Lois Wiley, 93 years and 10 months old passed away on December 1, 2020. She would have been 94 in February. She was born February 16, 1927 in Beggs, Oklahoma to Phil Cowan and Estella (Henry) Cowan. She attended school in Red Bird, Oklahoma, graduating from Miller Washington High School…
Most Popular
Articles
Images
Videos
Commented
Articles4 of 5 Stillwater recall petitions reach goalUPDATE: Stillwater recall petitions fail after signatures invalidatedFive, so far, file for open Stillwater City Council seatOklahoma 7th-grader purportedly threatens shooting if Biden won, singles out homosexualsStitt announces new limits for indoor gatherings, including youth sporting eventsVast majority of rape allegations never prosecutedHealth department reports two new COVID-19 deaths for Payne CountySPS will not quarantine at schoolStitt boots mask mandate supporter for opponent on education boardCity Manager believes some verified recall signatures actually invalid
Images
VideosSorry, there are no recent results for popular videos.
CommentedSorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles.
Stay up to date on COVID-19
Get Breaking News
Sign up now to get our FREE breaking news coverage delivered right to your inbox.
Sign-up
Sponsored By: Arvest Bank
© Copyright 2020 stwnewspress.com, 211 W. Ninth St. Stillwater, OK | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.