http://thedrydenobserver.ca/usage-terms/
Skip to Content
Home
Explore
Art Galleries and Exhibits
Arts and Culture
Places To Eat
Places To Stay
Fishing and Hunting
Transportation
Things To Do
About
History
Volunteering
Contact
Usage Terms
Search for:
Home
Usage Terms
Website terms: simple information site
This document is a template of Net Lawman template. We hope that you find it  helpful and straightforward to use for your site.
We provide a document review service. Contact our legal team at support@netlawman.co.uk if you need any help editing it or would like a lawyer to ensure that your edited document will protect your business
We maintain our copyright in this template. You may only use this template in line with the license agreement that is found in our terms and conditions. If you do, you agree:
to give the reference to Net Lawman in the document; and
if you publish the document or any variation of it on a website, to link it our site.
You can buy a license from us If you would like to remove the reference to Net Lawman. Please reach us at support@netlawman.co.uk.
Edit the template before making it accessible on your website. Download our free Guide to editing legal documents (http://www.netlawman.co.uk/uploads/Editing Legal Document Templates.pdf) and read the notes at the end of the template. Do let us know if you have any questions.
Your website may also need a privacy policy. You can get this document for free at https://www.netlawman.co.uk/d/website-privacy-policy.
The template for the terms and conditions is available on the next page. You will find the drafting notes commenting on each paragraph at the end of this document.
Terms and Conditions
The terms and conditions below are the irrevocable contract between [“Us, We, Our Name].” By using or visiting Our Website, you agree to duty- bound by them.
The terms and conditions are based on a Net Lawman written set in line with the license agreement. These terms and conditions are meant to protect your right and ours as well.
I / We are [Your business name], a company registered in [Name of Country], [company number]. Our address is [State your address].
You are: Anyone who visits or uses Our Website.
Make sure that you read this agreement and keep it. If you disagree with it, you Should leave Our Website immediately.
These are the agreed terms
1.   Definitions
“Content”                means the visual, textual or aural content encountered as part of your
experience on Our Website. This may include, images, texts, sounds,
animations, videos, among other things.
“Intellectual Property”        means every sort of intellectual property owned by us, whether
registered or not or registrable in any country. This includes
intellectual property that comes into existence after today; and including
among others, trademarks, copyright, patents, software, unregistered
marks, designs, creations and inventions, domain names, discoveries and
all rights which are derived from these rights.
“Our Website”                       means any website or service designed for electronic access by fixed
devices or mobile which is owned or operated by us.
“Services”                                means the services provided from Our website.
2.   Children on Our Website
Whatever the age consent in your country, we believe that they should be
Protected from inappropriate content. To protect your children, you should
know our policy, which is as follows:
Our volunteers have checked the children’s categories, and where necessary
the links.
We do not knowingly collect information from any person below the age of 16
years.
Any person of any page may freely access any page of Our Website. We do not
moderate content nor check for identities.
It is you, not us, who provide access to Our Website for the children in your
care. It is for you to ensure that the Content your children may have access to
is suitable for them.
Where links are concerned, you may want to check the privacy policies of the
Site that your children are likely to visit frequently to see how they collect and
use information.
You may also find the Filter software valuable.
You recognize that We are not responsible for anyone that someone else has
placed on Our Website for the content of site accessible by a link from Our
website.
You now agree to waive any claim you may otherwise have against us on
account of age-related Suitability of Content and to indemnify us against any
any claim made by any person on behalf of a child in your care.
3.   Intellectual Property
You always agree that you will:
Not do anything which does or might reduce the value of Our
Intellectual Property or challenge our ownership of it.
Inform us of any suspected infringement of our Intellectual Property.
As far as concerns our work made accessible by us to you,
you will not:
3.3.1:  copy or make changes to any part of its code:
3.3.2:  use in any way not anticipated by this agreement.
3.3.3:  give access to anyone else other than you, the licensee in this agreement.
3.3.4: in any way make information about it accessible to any person other than
you or generally.
Not use the Intellectual Property except directly as intended by this agreement or
in our interest.
4.      Disclaimers and limitation of liability
The law differs from one country to another. This paragraph applies if the
Applicable law allows.
All conditions, terms and warranties are excluded from this agreement. If in any
jurisdiction an implied warrant, condition or term cannot be excluded, then this
sub paragraph shall be deemed to be reduced in effect, only to the extent
necessary to release that warrant, condition or term.
You are advised that Content may have typographical errors or technical
inaccuracies. This is expected in any large website. We would be grateful if you let
us know immediately, should you find any.
Our Website has links to other internet websites. We have neither control nor
Power over any such website. You acknowledge and agree that we shall not be
Liable in any way for the Content of any such linked website, nor for the loss or
damage associated with use of such linked website or from buying goods or
services via such a website.
The [Our Name] Website and [Our Name] Services are provided as is. We make
no warranty or representation that Our Website will be:
4.5.1: useful to you:
4.5.2: of satisfactory quality:
4.5.3: fit for a specific purpose:
4.5.4.: accessible or available, without interpretation, or without error.
We claim no expert knowledge in any subject. We disclaim any liability or
obligation to you arising directly or indirectly from information you acquire
from our website.
We accept no responsibility for third party advertisements which are posted on
Our Website or via the Services:
We shall not be liable to you for any loss or expense which is:
4.8.1: indirect or consequential loss; or
4.8.2:  economic loss or any other loss of business, profits, turnover, or goodwill
even if such loss was reasonably foreseeable or we were aware you might
incur it.
This paragraph (and any other paragraph that restricts or excludes our liability) is
applicable to our directors, officers, employees, agents, subcontractors, and
affiliated companies (Who may enforce this clause under the Contracts (Rights of
Third Parties) Act 1999/ Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) (Scotland) Act 2017 and
to ourselves.
5.      Miscellaneous Matters
Our policy is solid and accurate. It complies fully with the Data Protection Act
2018 Which is at [link to privacy policy].
If any provision or term of this agreement is at any time held by any jurisdiction
to be void, unenforceable or invalid, then it shall be treated as changed or reduced,
only to the extent minimally necessary to bring it within laws of that jurisdiction
and to prevent it from being void and it shall be binding in that reduced or changed
form. Subject to that, each provision shall be interpreted as severable and shall not
in any way affect any other of these terms.
No delay or failure by any party to exercise nay right, power or remedy will
Operate as a waiver of it nor indicate any intention to reduce that or any other right
In the future.
Any communication to be served on either party by the other shall be
delivered by hand or sent by first class post or by e-mail.
It shall be deemed to have been delivered:
If delivered by hand: on the day of delivery
If sent by post to the correct address: within 72 hours of posting;
If sent by e-mail to the address from which the receiving party has last sent
the email: within 24 hours if no notice of non-receipt has been received by
the sender. [Take care before agreeing to accept service by e-mail. It may be
convenient, but you could miss or accidentally delete the message].
5.5          The construction, validity, or performance of this agreement shall be governed by
the laws of [England and Wales/ Scotland/ Northern Ireland] and you agree that
any dispute arising from it shall be litigated only in that country.
Explanatory Notes
Website terms: simple information site
General notes
What you need to do to comply with the Data Protection Act 2018
The Act pertains to every personal data you collect, use or store. The scope includes data about any INDIVIDUAL.
We have drawn an extensive privacy notice to reassures your website visitors that you take matters about their privacy critically. Also, by adopting this act, you will be able to make the necessary changes in your day to day business. You can download it at https://www.netlawman.co.uk/d/website-privacy-policy
For this terms and conditions document, there is no need to explain to customers that you comply with law – any more than you would tell them you comply with any other law.
As a vastly reduced summary, the important areas of the Act to consider are:
you do not have a provision where you are assuming implied consent of customer to use his information in the way you think fit.
if you allow a user to post information to your website, you may not process, change, or edit that information without express consent, if such information include his name, image, address, etc.
Until now, you could ask for a tick to a box showing that your client or customer has read your T&C. That is no longer good enough. There is no need to say exactly what you might do with your user’s data.
The most important elements of data to consider are personal data and any data which you want to use – for example as a testimonial.
You may find full list at:
https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr/
https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr/applications/children/
We have drawn this terms and conditions document believing that it will help you make the necessary changes on your website and use an updated privacy notice. This terms and conditions document will help you run your business seamlessly while conforming to the Act.
Paragraph specific notes
Notes numbering refers to paragraph numbers.
Definitions
We have no comment.
Children on Our Website
The purposes of this paragraph are, to inform parents and others that are in-charge of children that your website may contain unsuitable content as well as to protect you from a claim on that account. The last sub paragraph covers the situation where a third-party act on behalf of the child to avoid the previous disclaimer. Erase this paragraph if you are uncertain that it is needed.
Intellectual Property
Few business managers appreciate just how much IP is owned by the business. There is a wide variety of variety of IP rights, from trademarks to domain names. It is a good idea to leave this provision in place and ensure that it is edited, as necessary.
Disclaimers and limitation of liability
This paragraph may be the main reason behind buying this document. We have provided you with very solid protection. The law is complicated, and a lot depends on the facts of each case. We recommend that you include these disclaimers so far as they apply to your business.
In this document, we have also included in the provision for your associates to have the same protection. One way to get around disclaimer provisions in the past was to claim not against the company with whom the claimant has a contract but against the directors or others in negligence.
Rights of Third Parties Act – We have provided reference of two Acts. Select the one according to your jurisdiction clause.
Miscellaneous matters
A few special points. We have identified each of these matters as paramount to protect you. Some are relevant to specific paragraphs in the document, while some apply more generally. Some are included to strengthen your position generally. Do not get rid of these paragraphs unless you are positive of the legal effect of doing so.
Search for:
SubscribeName *FirstLastEmail *CommentSubmit Popular Posts
Things To Do 15 Ways to Create the Best T-Shirt Design for Your Travel Marketing Site
April 6, 2020
Things To Do 15 Ways to Create the Best T-Shirt Design
March 13, 2020
Things To Do Hiking and Trails
February 24, 2020
Things To Do Tourist Camps
February 12, 2020