http://uwire.com/privacy/
About
FAQ
Submit Release
312.854.7606
Submit Press Release
Privacy
PRIVACY STATEMENT
This Privacy Statement applies to the Uloop Inc. properties, including UWire.com and UWirePR.com. Your privacy and the security of the information you submit through this web site (the “Site”) are important to us. This Privacy Statement explains how we collect, use and maintain your information, the choices you may make regarding how we collect and use your information, and how you may contact us with any questions you have regarding our online information practices.
We may change our Privacy Statement from time to time. Changes become effective when we post them. We recommend that you review this Privacy Statement periodically to ensure that you are up to date on our current privacy practices.
How We Collect Information
We may collect and store website use information when you visit or use our Site. For example, we may collect your Internet Protocol address, browser type, operating system, domain name of your internet service provider, clickstream data, and other usage data when you use the Site.
We may also ask you to provide information about yourself that personally identifies you (“personal information”), such as your name, email address, phone number, and physical address. We collect this information through various pages on the Site, through the use of registration forms or other communications, when you provide us with information, and in contests, sweepstakes, and surveys or by voting. You understand and acknowledge that your provision of such information is voluntary. However, if you do not provide us with the requested information, you may not be able to access portions of the site or services we offer.
There are times we may collect personal information about you either offline or in manual format (e.g., via a post card or subscription form). We may also obtain personal information about you from third parties.
We also use cookies, web beacons, and similar tracking utilities to identify visitors to the Site. Cookies are small files we transfer to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser to identify the computer you are using. We use cookies to personalize the way you view and use our Site. In general, cookies do not contain personal information, but if you or a third party provide us with your personal information, we may associate it with cookies or other tracking utilities provided by third parties to offer increased personalization and functionality on the Site. We use cookies to personalize the way you view and use our Site.
Web beacons are generally single pixel images that allow us and third parties to monitor and collect information about the viewer of each web page, web document, and email or other form of communication. These allow us and third parties to monitor our unique visitors and traffic patterns throughout the Site, view whether links were opened, and offer you the ability to personalize your experience when you visit our Site.
You can remove cookies by deleting them from the Temporary Internet Files folder or the cookies folder on your computer. You may also block cookies by changing the settings on your Internet browser. However, if you block cookies, you may limit our ability to offer you certain services or features.
We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use personal information from children who are under the age of 13. We ask that you do not share any personal information with us if you are under 13. For more information about protecting children online, please go to the FTC’s website, http://ftc.gov.
How We Use Information
We will use the information you provide us to operate, provide, and maintain services and features through this Site. We may also use it to process any correspondence you transmit to us and in connection with promotions, sweepstakes and contests.
If you have provided a “display name,”  the display name is shown to other registered users when you rate videos, post comments and interact with other members. Your email address is not provided to them.
If you post a story or upload a photo or video as a freelance contributor, such information is accessible to other registered users.
If you submit information, such as a resume, to a job board, such information is accessible to registered employers (for a fee) and may, in some cases, also be accessible to users of the Site.
The personal information we collect through this Site will not be used to send commercial or marketing messages without your consent. However, we may use personal information, including your email address, in cases where you choose either to opt-in to or not to opt-out of such use. We may also use your email address for non-marketing or administrative purposes without obtaining further consent from you.
If you submit comments, photographs, videos, music, text, or other content, you authorize us to publish them online or offline by any means, including, without limitation, on air, broadcast, over satellite, wirelessly, in CD or DVD format, or in any other format or media currently existing or hereinafter developed.
We periodically receive requests from organizations for information which will enable them to market their products or services to you. We will give you an opportunity to opt-out of such a disclosure, either when you submit your information or in any event prior to our disclosing it. We may disclose your personal information to such companies if you choose not to opt-out.
We may occasionally choose to revise and improve the Site or create new features, functions or services and may choose to use your personal information and non-personal information to do so.
Cookies, clear gifs and log file information may be used for a variety of reasons, including storing information so that you will not have to re-enter it during future uses of the Site, providing personalized content and information, and monitoring such things as marketing campaigns, number of visitors of the Site and the pages that are viewed by our visitors. Cookies, clear gifs and log file information may also be used in connection with promotions, sweepstakes and contests
How We Share Information
We protect your information by using reasonable physical and technical safeguards, and appropriate personnel policies and procedures. Further, we only allow authorized personnel and authorized third parties to have access to any personal information that you give us and we require that they use your personal information only for specified reasons and not for any other purpose
We use third parties to perform functions on our behalf, including, but not limited to, web site hosting, advertising and marketing assistance, and customer service. We may provide these companies with your personal information for performing such functions for us. These companies will not disclose your personal information to any third party or use it for any other purpose.
You have a part in keeping your information confidential. The username and password you use at the Site are unique to you and must not be shared with or used by any other individual.
Some information about your registration may be provided to other registered users when you register on the Site. You can update or revise your personal information at any time by visiting your profile page.
There are times it may be necessary for us to disclose personal information without your consent in order to comply with a subpoena, warrant or other legal process or in response to the request of a law enforcement agency. Additionally, we may disclose your personal information in our sole discretion if we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent or take action in situations of suspected fraud, piracy or illegal activities, for risk management purposes, involving potential threats to an individual’s safety or security, pertaining to violations of the Terms of Use associated with this Site, involving the preservation or enforcement of our rights or those of affiliated companies, pertaining to activities that may subject us or our affiliates to legal liability, to verify or enforce compliance with either this Site’s governing policies or applicable laws or as otherwise required or permitted by U.S. law. We may transfer personal information about you to a third party in connection with the sale of any or all of our business or a merger or business transfer to which we are a part.
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
If you are a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an e-mail to info@uwire.com or write us:
Uloop Inc.
43155 Main Street
Suite #2300E
Novi, MI 48375
Third Party Advertisers
We allow other companies to advertise on the Site. These companies automatically receive your Internet Protocol address when they send the advertisements and links that appear on this Site to your browser. Additionally, these third party advertisers may also use cookies, Web Beacons, JavaScript or other such technologies to either personalize the content or measure the effectiveness of their advertisements. We recommend you review the privacy policies of these companies to see whether and/or how they use your personal information. We do not provide any personal information to these companies without your consent; however, we may provide your personal information to them in cases where you choose either to opt-in to or not to opt-out of such use.
Links to Other Web Sites
We may provide links to other websites, including those operated by advertisers on this Site, by affiliated companies or by third parties (e.g., job boards) that have links on the Site. Some of these websites may collect anonymous information about you when you visit their sites. These websites may have privacy policies that are different from ours. We are not responsible for the way these websites use information that they anonymously collect about you or that you provide to them. We recommend that you review that company’s website privacy policies to determine how they collect, use, and maintain personal information they obtain from or about you.
Contact Information
For questions concerning this Privacy Statement or about access to your personal information or our collection, use, management, or disclosure of it, please contact us at: info@uwire.com
Privacy Officer
Uloop Inc.
43155 Main Street
Suite #2300E
Novi, MI 48375
Effective Date
This Privacy Statement is effective as of May 1, 2010.
Copyright
Contact
FAQ
Blog
Affiliates
About UWire
Uloop.com
College Classifieds
Frosh
College Video & Chat
CollegeStudentApartments.com
College Student Apartments
CollegeRentals.com
Off-Campus Housing
CribWiz.com
Student Housing Finder
RateMyApartments.com
College Apartment Ratings
Roomsurf.com
College Roommates
Textsurf.com
Compare Textbook Prices
CampusAve.com
College Newspaper Classifieds
Privacy Policy
© 2020 Uloop Inc.