https://westnewsmagazine.com/terms-of-use/
Don't Miss
Chesterfield Finance Committee gets earful regarding CID for Wildhorse Village
Goldenberg steps down as Colt’s head football coach
Wildhorse Village sign package gets final approval from Chesterfield City Council
Manchester says goodbye to a longtime employee
After St. Louis County closes it down, local restaurant turns unused food into welcomed donation
Home >> Terms Of Use
Terms Of Use
Terms of Use Agreement
Read This Terms of Use Agreement Before Accessing Website.
Effective Date:  This Terms of Use Agreement was last updated on July 10, 2015.
This Terms of Use Agreement sets forth the standards of use of the Newsmagazine Network/ West Media Inc./ 21 Publishing LLC Online Service for Registered Members. In order to access certain content or post comments, website users may be required to register. By registering with the NewsmagazineNetwork.com website users (the “Member”) agree to these terms and conditions. If the member do not agree to the terms and conditions of this agreement, the member should immediately cease all usage of this website. Newsmagazine Network/ West Media Inc./ 21 Publishing LLC reserves the right, at any time, to modify, alter, or update the terms and conditions of this agreement without prior notice.  Modifications shall become effective immediately upon being posted online at NewsmagazineNetwork.com.  The member’s continued use of the Service after amendments are posted constitutes an acknowledgement and acceptance of the Agreement and its modifications. Except as provided in this paragraph, this Agreement may not be amended.
Description of Service
Newsmagazine Network/ West Media Inc./ 21 Publishing LLC is providing Member with news content and the ability to participate in the sharing of comments and opinions. Member must provide (1)  all equipment necessary for their own Internet connection, including computer and modem and (2) provide for Member’s access to the Internet, and (3) pay any fees related with such connection.
Disclaimer of Warranties
The site is provided by Newsmagazine Network/ West Media Inc./ 21 Publishing LLC on an “as is” and on an “as available” basis.  To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Newsmagazine Network/ West Media Inc./ 21 Publishing LLC makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, regarding the use or the results of this website in terms of its correctness, accuracy, reliability, or otherwise. Newsmagazine Network/ West Media Inc./ 21 Publishing LLC shall have no liability for any interruptions in the use of this website.  Newsmagazine Network/ West Media Inc./ 21 Publishing LLC disclaims all warranties with regard to the information provided, including the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement.  Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, therefore the above-referenced exclusion is inapplicable.
Limitation of Liability
NEWSMAGAZINE NETWORK/ WEST MEDIA INC/ 21 PUBLISHING LLC SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, AND IN PARTICULAR NEWSMAGAZINE NETWORK/ WEST MEDIA INC/ 21 PUBLISHING LLC SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, OR DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF REVENUE, OR LOSS OF USE, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS WEBSITE OR THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN IT, WHETHER SUCH DAMAGES ARISE IN CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, TORT, UNDER STATUTE, IN EQUITY, AT LAW, OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF NEWSMAGAZINE NETWORK/ WEST MEDIA INC/ 21 PUBLISHING LLC HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW FOR THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, THEREFORE SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS ARE INAPPLICABLE.
Indemnification
Member agrees to indemnify and hold Newsmagazine Network/ West Media Inc./ 21 Publishing LLC, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs, made by any third party due to or arising out of Member’s use of the Service, the violation of this Agreement, or infringement by Member, or other user of the Service using Member’s computer, of any intellectual property or any other right of any person or entity.
Members Account
All Members of the Service shall receive a password and an account.  Members are entirely responsible for any and all activities which occur under their account whether authorized or not authorized. Member agrees to notify Newsmagazine Network/ West Media Inc./ 21 Publishing LLC of any unauthorized use of Member’s account or any other breach of security known or should be known to the Member. Member’s right to use the Service is personal to the Member. Member agrees not to resell or make any commercial use of the Service without the express written consent of Newsmagazine Network/ West Media Inc./ 21 Publishing LLC.
Modifications and Interruption to Service
Newsmagazine Network/ West Media Inc./ 21 Publishing LLC reserves the right to modify or discontinue the Service with or without notice to the Member. Newsmagazine Network/ West Media Inc./ 21 Publishing LLC shall not be liable to Member or any third party should Newsmagazine Network/ West Media Inc./ 21 Publishing LLC exercise its right to modify or discontinue the Service. Member acknowledges and accepts that Newsmagazine Network/ West Media Inc./ 21 Publishing LLC does not guarantee continuous, uninterrupted or secure access to its websites and operation of its websites may be interfered with or adversely affected by numerous factors or circumstances outside of its control.
Third-Party Sites
Westnewsmagazine.com and midriversnewsmagazine.com may include links to other sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by online merchants and other third parties.  Member acknowledges that Newsmagazine Network is not responsible for the availability of, or the content located on or through, any third-party site.  Member should contact the site administrator or webmaster for those third-party sites if member has any concerns regarding such links or the content located on such sites.  Member’s use of those third-party sites is subject to the terms of use and privacy policies of each site, and Newsmagazine Network is not responsible therein. Newsmagazine Network encourages all members to review said privacy policies of third-parties’ sites.
Disclaimer Regarding Accuracy of Advertiser Information
Product specifications and other information have either been provided by the Advertisers or collected from publicly available sources.  While Newsmagazine Network/ West Media Inc./ 21 Publishing LLC makes every effort to ensure that the information on this website is accurate, Newsmagazine Network/ West Media Inc./ 21 Publishing LLC can make no representations or warranties as to the accuracy or reliability of any information provided on this website.
Newsmagazine Network/ West Media Inc./ 21 Publishing LLC makes no warranties or representations whatsoever with regard to any product provided or offered by any Advertiser, and member acknowledges that any reliance on representations and warranties provided by any Advertiser shall be at member’s own risk.
Governing Jurisdiction of the Courts Missouri
Our website is operated and provided in the State of Missouri.  As such, it is subject to the laws of the State of Missouri, and such laws will govern its Terms of Use, without giving effect to any choice of law rules.  Newsmagazine Network/ West Media Inc./ 21 Publishing LLC makes no representation that its website or other services are appropriate, legal or available for use in other locations.  Accordingly, if member chooses to access westnewsmagazine.com and/or midriversnewsmagazine.com member agrees to do so subject to the internal laws of the State of Missouri.
Compliance with Laws
Member assumes all knowledge of applicable law and is responsible for compliance with any such laws.  Member may not use the Service in any way that violates applicable state, federal, or international laws, regulations or other government requirements. Member further agrees not to transmit any material that encourages conduct that could constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any applicable local, state, national, or international law or regulation.
Copyright and Trademark Information
All content included or available on this site, including site design, text, graphics, interfaces, and the selection and arrangements thereof is ©2009 NewsmagazineNetwork.com, will all rights reserved, or is the property of Newsmagazine Network/ West Media Inc./ 21 Publishing LLC and/or third parties protected by intellectual property rights.    Any use of materials on the website, including reproduction for purposes other than those noted above, modification, distribution, or replication, any form of data extraction or data mining, or other commercial exploitation of any kind, without prior written permission of an authorized officer of Newsmagazine Network/ West Media Inc./ 21 Publishing LLC is strictly prohibited.  Member agrees that to not use any robot, spider, or other automatic device, or manual process to monitor or copy the web pages of westnewsmagazine.com and/or midriversnewsmagazine.com or the content contained therein without prior written permission of an authorized officer of Newsmagazine Network/ West Media Inc./ 21 Publishing LLC.
Notification of Claimed Copyright Infringement
Pursuant to Section 512(c) of the Copyright Revision Act, as enacted through the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, NewsmagazineNetwork.com designates the following individual as its agent for receipt of notifications of claimed copyright infringement.
By Mail
Newsmagazine Network
754 Spirit 40 Park Dr.
Chesterfield, MO  63005
By Telephone: (636) 591-0010
By Email: tweber (at) newsmagazinenetwork.com
Other Terms
If any provision of this Terms of Use Agreement shall be unlawful, void or unenforceable for any reason, the other provisions (and any partially-enforceable provision) shall not be affected thereby and shall remain valid and enforceable to the maximum possible extent.  Member agrees that this Terms of Use Agreement and any other agreements referenced herein may be assigned by Newsmagazine Network/ West Media Inc./ 21 Publishing LLC, in its sole discretion, to a third party in the event of a merger or acquisition.  This Terms of Use Agreement shall apply in addition to, and shall not be superseded by, any other written agreement between Newsmagazine Network/ West Media Inc./ 21 Publishing LLC in relation to your participation as a member.  Member agrees that by accepting this Terms of Use Agreement, Member is consenting to the use and disclosure of personally identifiable information and other practices described in our Privacy Policy Statement [if applicable].
Share this:
2010-12-24
bjmiller
West Newsmagazine
West Newsmagazine is West St. Louis County’s exclusive direct-mailed community newspaper.
West Newsmagazine’s print edition is published 24 times per year by West Media, Inc. and direct mailed to more than 68,000 households in West St. Louis County, Missouri.
View all posts
Author’s Bios
View all Author's Bios
Enter your email and click submit to receive the West Newsmagazine Newsletter.
Copyright 2020 - West Media Inc. - 21 Publishing LLC.
X