http://www.chinookobserver.info/legal-policy/
Legal PolicyYou are here: Home / Legal Policy
www.chinookobserver.info (“www.chinookobserver.info”) operates www.chinookobserver.info website and may operate other websites. It is www.chinookobserver.info policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, www.chinookobserver.info collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. www.chinookobserver.info purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how www.chinookobserver.info visitors use its website. From time to time, www.chinookobserver.info may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
www.chinookobserver.info also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on www.chinookobserver.info website blogs/sites. www.chinookobserver.info only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to www.chinookobserver.info websites choose to interact with www.chinookobserver.info in ways that require www.chinookobserver.info to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that www.chinookobserver.info gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at www.chinookobserver.info website to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with www.chinookobserver.info are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, www.chinookobserver.info collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with www.chinookobserver.info. www.chinookobserver.info does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
www.chinookobserver.info may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. www.chinookobserver.info may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, www.chinookobserver.info does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
www.chinookobserver.info discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on www.chinookobserver.info behalf or to provide services available at www.chinookobserver.info websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using www.chinookobserver.info websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. www.chinookobserver.info will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. www.chinookobserver.info uses cookies to help www.chinookobserver.info identify and track visitors, their usage of www.chinookobserver.info website, and their website access preferences. www.chinookobserver.info visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using www.chinookobserver.info websites, with the drawback that certain features of www.chinookobserver.info websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If www.chinookobserver.info, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that www.chinookobserver.info goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of www.chinookobserver.info may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by www.chinookobserver.info and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, www.chinookobserver.info may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in www.chinookobserver.info sole discretion. www.chinookobserver.info encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a www.chinookobserver.info website account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Write Your Opinion
Your Name (required)
Your Email (required)
Your Message
Categories
Centennial Field (1)
Free Drinks (1)
Gamble (1)
Junior Golfers (1)
Legislative Candidate (1)
Local Environment (1)
Road Trip (1)
Singing Sensation (1)
Skills In A Casino (1)
Social Gambling (1)
Travel Guide (1)
Latest NewsWhy You Should Play Games Based On Your Skills In A CasinoMarch 1, 2020 - 6:58 amHow to Travel With Pets on a Road TripFebruary 15, 2020 - 6:29 pmWhy Do They Give Out Free Drinks In A CasinoJanuary 7, 2020 - 9:39 amWhy You Need to GambleJanuary 3, 2020 - 2:29 amWhy Social Gambling is a Line Between Professional Gambling and Gambling AddictionDecember 30, 2019 - 2:42 pmObserver Centennial Project now available for purchaseNovember 20, 2019 - 12:01 pm
Scroll to top