http://www.dailyrepublic.com/privacy-policy
Home
Subscribe Now
My Account
Login
Newsletter
Classifieds
Events Calendar
News of the Day
Veterans Day Tribute 2020
Solano News
Tools
Community News & Views
The Wires
Opinion
Sports
Obituaries
Solano Responds to Coronavirus (click for more)
Solano Life 2020
Local Professional Services
Jobs & Careers
FAIRFIELD-SUISUN, CALIFORNIA
Privacy Policy
NOTE: Our Privacy Policy has changed effective April 7, 2015.
McNaughton Newspapers, Inc. (“McNaughton”) operates several websites including mcnaughton.media, dailyrepublic.com, mtdemocrat.com, villagelife.com, wintersexpress.com and gtgazette.com. It is McNaughton’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, McNaughton collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. McNaughton’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how McNaughton’s visitors use its website. From time to time, McNaughton may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
McNaughton also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users (“readers”) and for readers leaving comments logs. McNaughton only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that blog commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to McNaughton’s websites choose to interact with McNaughton in ways that require McNaughton to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that McNaughton gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with McNaughton – by purchasing access, for example – are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, McNaughton collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with McNaughton. McNaughton does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
McNaughton may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. For instance, McNaughton may monitor the most popular pages on the site or use previously screen spam to help identify new spam. McNaughton may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, McNaughton does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
McNaughton discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on McNaughton’s behalf or to provide services available at McNaughton’s websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using McNaughton’s websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. McNaughton will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, McNaughton discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when McNaughton believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of McNaughton, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an McNaughton website and have supplied your email address, McNaughton may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with McNaughton and our products. We primarily use our various product blogs to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other readers. McNaughton takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Browser storage
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. McNaughton uses browser storage such as cookies to help McNaughton identify and track visitors, their usage of McNaughton website, and their website access preferences. McNaughton visitors who do not wish to have browser storage placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse browser storage before using McNaughton’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of McNaughton’s websites may not function properly without the aid of browser storage.
Business Transfers
If McNaughton, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that McNaughton goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of McNaughton may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to readers by advertising partners, who may set browser storage. These browser storage allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of browser storage by McNaughton and does not cover the use of browser storage by any advertisers.
Comments
Comments and other content submitted to our Akismet anti-spam service are not saved on our servers unless they were marked as false positives, in which case we store them long enough to use them to improve the service to avoid future false positives.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, McNaughton may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in McNaughton’s sole discretion. McNaughton encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a McNaughton account, you should also check your dashboard for alerts to these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Consent
By using McNaughton, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. “Processing,” means using browser storage on a computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in the United States. If you reside outside the United States your information will be transferred, processed and stored there under United States privacy standards.
This privacy policy is a modified version of that penned by Automattic and is licensed under a Creative Commons Sharealike.
Special Publications
Quick Links
My Account
NewsFeed
Commentary
Print Edition
Twitter Feed
Facebook Page
Customer Service (About Us; Vacation Stop; Submit at Item for Publication; Advertise; Help Tools)
Gold Mine: December 2020Home Seller 12-04-2020Holiday Wish Book 2020Veterans Day Tribute 2020How To Guide 2020Discover Solano Fall/Winter 2020Solano Life 2020Medical Guide 2020Women of Influence 2020Readers’ Choice 2021 – Vote Now!
Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service (updated 4/30/2015) and Privacy Policy (updated 4/7/2015).
Copyright (c) 2020 McNaughton Newspapers, Inc., a family-owned local media company that proudly publishes the Daily Republic, Mountain Democrat, Davis Enterprise, Village Life, Winters Express, Georgetown Gazette, EDC Adventures, and other community-driven publications.