http://www.pff.org/about/privacy.html
Our Mission
Who We Are
Supporters
EXPERTS
PFF Scholars
PFF Areas of Study
PFF BLOGS
NEWS
News Releases
News Media
ISSUES & PUBLICATIONS
Search
Headline Issues
Communications
Intellectual Property
Media Regulation
E-Commerce
Global Economy
Energy
Competition
State Regulation
Aspen Summit
Other Topics
EVENTS
Upcoming Events
Past Events
Event Media
SEARCH
Search pff.org
Search Issues & Publications
Search The PFF Blog
<![endif]-->
Privacy Policy
The Progress & Freedom Foundation respects the privacy of users who visit this site.
No effort is made to identify individuals without their knowledge.
When a visitor requests pages at our site, our server automatically recognizes the visitor's domain name and IP address. Our server does not record individual e-mail addresses. We collect the domain names and IP addresses in order to aggregate information on what pages users access or visit. This information is collected solely for statistical purposes and is not used to identify individuals.
At this time, we do not conduct surveys or otherwise collect addresses or demographic data on our visitors, except in connection with the ordering of PFF publications or registration for PFF events. Unless otherwise disclosed during collection, PFF does not provide any personally identifying information, regardless of its source, to any third party for any purpose whatsoever.
Visitors should be advised that PFF’s Web site links to other sites, each of which is beyond PFF’s control. Because of the nature of the Internet, PFF cannot be responsible for the content or privacy policies of the Web sites to which it links.
We reserve the right at our discretion to make changes to this policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for changes.
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or any other matter involving PFF, write mail@pff.org.
Copyright Policy
1444 Eye Street, NW | Suite 500 | Washington, DC 20005 | © 1993-2010 | Contact Us | Home