http://www.theglobeandmail.com/privacy-terms/licensing-and-permissions/
Skip to main content
Search
Search
Quick links
Horoscopes
Puzzles
Member Benefits
Newsletters
Globe Shop
Investigations
Death Notices (Legacy.com)
Reader services
Subscribe
Following
Subscriptions
Settings
Customer Help
Contact us
Log in
Log out
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Page ancestor: About Us
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Disclaimer
Licensing and Permissions
Accessibility Policy
Community Guidelines
Sustainability
Licensing and Permissions
Note that any use of Globe and Mail content is governed by our Terms and Conditions.
May I link to a story on the website?
The Globe and Mail does not grant permission for a copy of our staff writers' material to appear on individual websites, unless licensed from The Globe and Mail. Moreover, we do not own copyright to all materials in our paper. Articles originating from news wire services or articles written by certain freelance writers are two examples of articles for which we do not own copyright.
However, The Globe and Mail grants you permission to reprint the article headline and then link back to the full text of the article, on our website. You may do so for individual articles on a non-commercial basis.
How do I obtain permission to license a Globe and Mail article (text only) for use on my web site, in a book, magazine or to e-mail to clients? You will need to get an agreement from The Globe and Mail to license any staff written articles. To obtain an agreement and get a quote of the cost please contact Douglas Tripp at dtripp@globeandmail.com, include a link to the article and what purpose you plan to use the article for.
N.B. A charge card is required for purchasing licensing rights
Please note that the "License this story" link will not be activated on stories that The Globe and Mail does not have the right to sublicense. Most likely the writers of those articles will have to be contacted directly for permission to reuse. They are entitled to set their own rates for reprint rights. We will try, when possible, to provide you with their contact information, but we require three to five business days to respond. Please send an e-mail to freelancecontacts@globeandmail.com.
How do I locate freelance and wire service contact information?
Articles and columns often provide clues, at the end, on how to locate their authors directly. Examples: Mr. John Smith is an Economics Professor at the University of Toronto, or Mr. Richard Jones is a Vice President of Investment for ABC Mutual Funds.
Any article that has "Special to the Globe and Mail" under the reporter's name or at the very bottom of the piece signifies freelanced content. A quick Google search of the person's name will often give you their contact information.
Many articles are supplied by wire services such as Guardian News Service, Reuters, etc. Contact information can be easily located through the Internet.
If you haven't been able to locate contact information using the methods outlined above, please send an e-mail to freelancecontacts@globeandmail.com and allow three to five business days for a response.
How do I purchase photos, tables, charts, graphics or illustrations that I have seen on the web site or in the newspaper?
The Canadian Press, an outside agency working on behalf of The Globe and Mail, licenses Globe and Mail staff photographs and/or cartoons for editorial use. Please contact them at 1-866-599-0599 or 416-507-2198 or email archives@cpimages.com. CP only license those images taken by or created by Globe and Mail staff. We do not currently resell or allow reuse of other visual images, other than Globe and Mail staff photos and editorial cartoons.
How do you know it is a Staff Image?
As a rule, the credit line under the right-hand side of every photo will give you information as to about whether it is a staff photo or not. For example, if a credit reads "John Doe/The Globe and Mail," this is a staff photo.
If the credit reads "John Doe for the Globe and Mail," this is freelance and the photographer retains copyright for the picture. Most freelance photographers have their own websites that can be located easily through a Google search.
All other photos will have AP, CP, Corbis or other credits that can be followed up easily through the Internet.
The Globe and Mail will try, where possible, to provide you with freelance photographer contact information if needed, but we require three to five business days to respond. Please send an e-mail to freelancecontacts@globeandmail.com for freelance photographer contact information only.
We do not currently resell or allow reuse of other visual images, other than Globe and Mail staff photos and editorial cartoons.
How do I purchase freelance or wire photos that I have seen in the newspaper or on your website?
As a rule, the credit line under the right-hand side of every photo will give you a few clues about how to proceed. If a credit reads "John Doe/The Globe and Mail," this is a staff photo and you will need to contact The Canadian Press at 1-866-599-0599 or 416-507-2198 or email archives@cpimages.com to license editorial re-use.
If the credit reads "John Doe for the Globe and Mail," this is freelance and the photographer retains copyright for the picture. Most freelance photographers have their own websites that can be located easily through a Google search.
All other photos will have AP, CP, Corbis or other credits that can be followed up easily through the Internet.
If there is no credit at all under the photo, this generally signifies that it is a handout and doesn't belong to The Globe and Mail. An example would be pictures of a theatre production. Clues to their source can normally be found within the text of the article.
The Globe and Mail will try, when possible, to provide you with freelance photographer contact information if needed, but we require three to five business days to respond. Please send an e-mail to freelancecontacts@globeandmail.com for freelance photographer contact information only.
Can I use Globe and Mail articles in the classroom? If you are a teacher, instructor or professor in Canada covered by a license or tariff from Access Copyright, you may photocopy and distribute one copy per student of an individual article from The Globe and Mail. Additionally, your post-secondary educational institution is allowed to create course-packs on your behalf containing articles from The Globe and Mail. If you have questions about whether you are covered, please contact your institution or Access Copyright at permissions@accesscopyright.ca. Where can I find Globe and mail headlines for use in documentaries or television programs?
We market our institutional online product, "Canada's Heritage from 1844," through ProQuest to major public libraries and universities across Canada. It contains the electronic full-page archive of The Globe starting from June 1844 (four current years are embargoed). Please contact your public or university library for instructions on how to access this product.
Important note: All headlines belong to The Globe and Mail. You can film any headline but you MUST AVOID all other items on the page (including its related article) because we may not have the right to sublicense such content. Sublicensing is not available at this time.
Please read our terms and conditions for more details: Terms and Conditions
Can I use The Globe and Mail in movies and TV?
Please contact Sean Humphrey, Director, Marketing, for permission: 416-585-3348 or shumphrey@globeandmail.com
Can an organization license an electronic full feed of The Globe and Mail for their intranet?
Yes, for more information on full feeds, please contact dtripp@globeandmail.com.
I am interested in licensing a Globe and Mail video.
To inquire about the re-use/hosting of a Globe produced video on your own web site, and would like further information, please send your request to dtripp@globeandmail.com. Please include the video title and url, as well as the hosting website.
Globe produced videos always start and end with The Globe and Mail logo.
We can provide you with the video in HD broadcast quality - more specifically: 1080p or 720p H.264 at 6 mbps (megabits per second), except in the case where the video was not shot with that standard. If you require a different format that those specified, there will be an additional customization fee added to the licensing fee.
See typical licensing rates below:
Please note: Special features or special editing or long-form videos (longer than 3 minutes) are quoted on request.
$750 for short-form video (under 3 minutes). $50 administration fee (additional research charges may apply for special projects). $10 per dvd copy - best option is to provide us with an FTP site (with credentials for access where we can upload the video). All videos are licensed for a period of no longer than 5 years. Regular turnaround is up to 5 business days.
* A $150 charge is applied to rush requests for videos. Allow one business day (Monday to Friday 9 am - 5pm EST).
To view this site properly, enable cookies in your browser. Read our privacy policy to learn more.
How to enable cookies