https://www.carlchapman.com/about/terms-and-conditions/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to footer
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE.
Welcome to our website. If you continue to browse and use this website you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy and website disclaimer, govern Carlchapman.com’s relationship with you in relation to your use of this website.
By using this website, you signify your acceptance of these terms and conditions of use. For the purposes of these terms and conditions, “Us”, “Our” and “We” refers to Carlchapman.com and “You” and “Your” refers to you, the client, visitor, website user or person using our website.
AMENDMENT OF TERMS
We reserve the right to change, modify, add or remove portions of these terms at any time. Please check these terms regularly prior to using our website to ensure you are aware of any changes. We will endeavour to highlight any significant or substantive changes to you where possible. If you choose to use our website then we will regard that use as conclusive evidence of your agreement and acceptance that these terms govern your and Carlchapman.com’s rights and obligations to each other.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
It is an essential pre-condition to you using our website that you agree and accept that Carlchapman.com is not legally responsible for any loss or damage you might suffer related to your use of the website, whether from errors or from omissions in our documents or information, any goods or services we may offer or from any other use of the website. This includes your use or reliance on any third party content, links, comments or advertisements. Your use of, or reliance on, any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable.
It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific, personal requirements. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
COMPETITION AND CONSUMER ACT
For the purposes of Schedule 2 of the Australian Consumer Law, in particular Sections 51 to 53, 64 and 64A of Part 3-2, Division 1, Subdivision A of the Competition and Consumer Act 2010 (Cth), Carlchapman.com’s liability for any breach of a term of this agreement is limited to: the supplying of the goods or services to you again; the replacement of the goods; or the payment of the cost of having the goods or services supplied to you again.
You must be over 18 years of age to use this website and to purchase any goods or services.
DELIVERY OF GOODS
Physical goods may be delivered by Australia Post and/or other reputable courier companies.
All print products are made to order, with completion typically taking 7 to 10 days (depending on the specific product). Deliveries are processed promptly upon receipt of full payment and product completion. Delivery may take between 2 and 14 days, depending on the delivery option.
Replacement of damaged or lost items is made at the discretion of Carlchapman.com.
Digital goods are delivered immediately. Please be aware there are inherent risks associated with downloading any software and digital goods. Should you have any technical problems downloading any of our goods, please contact us so we may try to assist you.
Refer to our Warranty / Guarantee page for more details.
RETURNS AND REFUNDS
Carlchapman.com handles returns and processes refunds in accordance with the Australian Consumer Protection legislation.
Should you wish to return your order, please notify us. If we are unable to resolve your complaint or further assist you, we will process a refund upon timely receipt of the goods purchased. Refunds will be processed promptly and payment made by the same method that you made payment. All refunds are made at the discretion of Carlchapman.com.
Refer to our Warranty / Guarantee page for more return and refunds details.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
Carlchapman.com may from time to time provide on its website, links to other websites, advertisements and information on those websites for your convenience. This does not necessarily imply sponsorship, endorsement, or approval or arrangement between Carlchapman.com and the owners of those websites. Carlchapman.com takes no responsibility for any of the content found on the linked websites.
Carlchapman.com’s website may contain information or advertisements provided by third parties for which Carlchapman.com accepts no responsibility whatsoever for any information or advice provided to you directly by third parties. We are making a ‘recommendation’ only and are not providing any advice nor do we take any responsibility for any advice received in this regard.
DISCLAIMER
To the fullest extent permitted by law, Carlchapman.com absolutely disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for any particular purpose. Carlchapman.com gives no warranty that the documents, goods or services will be free of errors, or that defects will be corrected, or that our website or its server is free of viruses or any other harmful components.
Whilst we, at all times endeavour to have the most accurate, reliable and up-to-date information on our website, we do not warrant or make any representations regarding the use or the result of the use of any document, product, service, link or information in its website or as to their correctness, suitability, accuracy, reliability, or otherwise.
It is your sole responsibility and not the responsibility of Carlchapman.com to bear any and all costs of servicing, repairs, or correction. The applicable law in your state or territory may not permit these exclusions, particularly the exclusions of some implied warranties. Some of the above may not apply to you but you must ensure you are aware of any risk you may be taking by using this website or any products or services that may be offered through it. It is your responsibility to do so.
YOUR PRIVACY
At Carlchapman.com, we are committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information we collect about you to maximize the services that we provide to you. We respect the privacy and confidentiality of the information provided by you and adhere to the Australian Privacy Principles. Please read our separate Privacy Policy carefully.
You may change your details at any time by advising us in writing via email. All information we receive from our customers is protected by our secure servers. Carlchapman.com’s secure server software encrypts all customer information before it is sent to us. Furthermore, all customer data collected is secured against unauthorized use or access. Credit card information is not stored by us on our servers.
THIRD PARTIES
We do not and will not sell or deal in personal or customer information. We may however use in a general sense without any reference to your name, your information to create marketing statistics, identify user demands and assist in meeting customer needs generally. In addition, we may use the information that you provide to improve our website and services but not for any other use.
DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION
Carlchapman.com may be required, in certain circumstances, to disclose information in good faith and where Carlchapman.com is required to do so in the following circumstances: by law or by any court; to enforce the terms of any of our customer agreements; or to protect the rights, property or safety of our customers or third parties.
EXCLUSION OF COMPETITORS
If you are in the business of creating similar documents, goods or services for the purpose of providing them for a fee to users, whether they be business users or domestic users, then you are a competitor of Carlchapman.com. Carlchapman.com expressly excludes and does not permit you to use or access our website, to download any documents or information from its website or obtain any such documents or information through a third party. If you breach this term then Carlchapman.com will hold you fully responsible for any loss that we may sustain and further hold you accountable for all profits that you might make from such unpermitted and improper use. Carlchapman.com reserves the right to exclude and deny any person access to our website, services or information in our sole discretion.
COPYRIGHT, TRADEMARK AND RESTRICTIONS OF USE
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance, trademarks and graphics. You are not permitted to reproduce the documents, information or materials on the website for the purposes of sale or the use by any third party. In particular you are not permitted to republish, upload, transmit electronically or otherwise or distribute any of the materials, documents or products that may be available for download from time to time on this website.
Carlchapman.com expressly reserves all copyright and trademark in all documents, information and materials on our website and we reserve the right to take action against you if you breach any of these terms.
Any redistribution or reproduction of part or all of the contents in any form is prohibited other than the following: you may print or download to a local hard disk extracts for your personal and non-commercial use only; and you may copy the content to individual third parties for their personal use, but only if you acknowledge the website as the source of the material.
You may not, except with our express written permission, distribute or commercially exploit the content. Nor may you transmit it or store it in any other website or other form of electronic retrieval system.
WHOLE AGREEMENT
These terms and conditions represent the whole agreement between you and Carlchapman.com concerning your use and access to Carlchapman.com’s website and your use and access to the documents and information on it. No other term is to be included in this agreement except where it is required to be included by any legislation of the Commonwealth or any State or Territory. All implied terms except those implied by statute and which cannot be expressly excluded are hereby expressly excluded.
EXCLUSION OF UNENFORCEABLE TERMS
Where any clause or term above would by any applicable statute be illegal, void, or unenforceable in any State or Territory then such a clause shall not apply in that State or Territory and shall be deemed never to have been included in these terms and conditions in that State or Territory. Such a clause if legal and enforceable in any other State or Territory shall continue to be fully enforceable and part of this agreement in those other States and Territories. The deemed exclusion of any term pursuant to this paragraph shall not affect or modify the full enforceability and construction of the other clauses of these terms and conditions.
USE OF WEBSITE CONTENT
All images, photographs, graphics, data, including but not limited to moving images, videos and other content (together “Material”) on this website are protected by Australian and international copyright, trademark, patent and other laws relating to intellectual property. You may not do anything which interferes with or breaches those laws or our intellectual property rights in the Material. Any unauthorized use of any Material may violate such laws and we do not grant any express or implied permission to you to use any Material. You may not copy, republish, link to, download, modify, adapt, repost, reverse engineer, create derivative works based on or otherwise use any of the Material on this website without a licence or an agreement from us.
You can purchase the Material featured on this website. If you decide to purchase Material, you may not reproduce, display, transmit, distribute or otherwise exploit the Material, or any portion thereof, in any manner, including, without limitation, print or electronic reproduction, publication or any display of Material except in accordance with the agreed licensing provisions. Materials are intended for your personal use only, unless otherwise specified in the agreed licensing provisions. You may not use or reproduce Material in such a manner as to suggest an affiliation with or endorsement by any product, person or entity that is not affiliated with you. For any other use or distribution, you must have express written consent from us.
JURISDICTION
This agreement and this website are subject to the laws of Queensland and Australia. If there is a dispute between you and Carlchapman.com that results in litigation then you must submit to the jurisdiction of the courts of Queensland.
FooterMain
Home
About Us
Contact Us
Shop
Prints
Stock Image Library
Stock
Video Library
Support
Warranty / Guarantee
FAQ
About Licensing
Ordering Library Prints
Stock Photo Client Area
Stock Video Client Area
Prints Client Area
Subscribe to our Email Newsletter
Tele:- +61.408717735
ABN:- 45 872 268 626
Copyright © Carl Chapman
This website uses cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience. Click the OK button to confirm you are happy with that.OKPrivacy policy