https://www.newzgroup.com/privacy-policy/
PRIVACY POLICY
Thank you for visiting our website. This privacy policy tells you how we use personal information collected at this site. Please read this privacy policy before using the site or submitting any personal information. By using the site, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. These practices may be changed, but any changes will be posted and changes will only apply to activities and information on a going forward, not retroactive, basis. You are encouraged to review the privacy policy whenever you visit the site to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used. The privacy practices set forth in this privacy policy are for this website only. If you link to other websites, please review the privacy policies posted at those sites.
Commitment to Data Security
Your personally identifiable information is kept secure. Only authorized employees, agents and contractors of Newz Group have access to this information.
Collection of Information
We collect personally identifiable information, such as names, postal addresses, email addresses, etc., when voluntarily submitted by our visitors. The information you provide is used to fulfill your specific request. This information is only used to fulfill your specific request, unless you give us permission to use it in another manner.
Cookie/Tracking Technology
The site may use cookie and tracking technology depending on the features offered. Cookie and tracking technology are useful for gathering information such as browser type and operating system, tracking the number of visitors to the site, and understanding how visitors use the site. Cookies can also help customize the site for visitors. Personal information cannot be collected via cookies and other tracking technology, however, if you previously provided personally identifiable information, cookies may be tied to such information. Aggregate cookie and tracking information may be shared with third parties.
Distribution of Information
We may share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when: (1) permitted or required by law; or, (2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or, (3) investigating fraud which has already taken place. The information is not provided to companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation for marketing purposes.
Privacy Contact Information
If you have any questions, concerns, or comments about our privacy policy you may contact us using the information below:
By e-mail: service@newzgroup.com
By Phone: 800-474-1111
We reserve the right to make changes to this policy. Any changes to this policy will be posted.
Contact us today to learn more about how we can help you find you.
Followon Twitter ©2020 GeoTel Corporation.
All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Site Map
p: 800.474.1111
f: 573.474.1001
Newz Group
PO Box 873
Columbia, MO 65205
Monday-Friday: 8am to 5pm
Central Time
Scroll to top