http://www.brandonsun.com/terms-conditions/
December 10, 2020
Brandon
-5° C, Overcast
Full Forecast
Contact Us
Subscribe
Manage Subscription
Chat with us
Log in
Create Free Account
Help
Chat with us
Contact Us
Advertising Contact
Submit a News Tip
Subscribe to Newsletters
Finding yourinformation
My Account
Manage my Subscription
Change Password
Grid View
List View
Compact View
Text Size
Translate
Log Out
Log in
Create Free Account
Help
Grid View
List View
Compact View
Text Size
Translate
Coronavirus Coverage
Home
E-Edition
Brandon Sun
Westman This Week
Newspapers In Education (NIE)
Special Sections
Beyond the Wall
Sun Bursts
Sections
News
Local News
Westman this Week
Calendars
National News
World News
Flood
Sports
Sports home
Local Sports
Wheat Kings
High School
Hockey
Brier
Curling
Baseball
Basketball
Football
Golf
Tamarack
Post-Secondary
Other Sports
Opinion
Opinion home
Columnists
Editorials
Letters to the Editor
Sound Off
Send a letter to the Editor
Submit a Sound Off
Submit a News Tip
Entertainment
Entertainment home
Local TV
Local Movies
Events
Lifestyles
Business
Agriculture
Science & Technology
Puzzles
Multimedia
Multimedia home
Point of View
Tools
Menupage
Manitoba Highway Conditions
Photo Order Form
RSS Feeds
Classifieds
Obituaries
Photo Store
Subscribe
Surveys
Trending Magazine
About Us
About Us
Recent Awards
Advertising
Fund Raising
Help/FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Access To Information
FP Newspapers Inc.
Brandon Sun Digital Advertising
©2020 FP Newspaper Inc.
Close
Quick Links
Coronavirus Coverage
Above the Fold
Home
Local
Canada
World
Classifieds
Special Coverage
Flyers
Newsletters
Obituaries
Photostore
Archives
Contests
Publications
Sponsored Content
Privacy Policy
Ways to support us
Pay it Forward program
Subscribe
Day Pass
Read Now Pay later
Replica E-Edition
About the E-Edition
Winnipeg Free Press
The Herald
The Headliner
The Lance
The Metro
The Sou'Wester
The Times
Business
All Business
Agriculture
Personal Finance
Arts & Life
All Arts & Life
The Arts
Autos
Books
Cannabis
Celebrities
Diversions
Puzzles
Environment
Events
Faith
Food & Drink
Your Health
Life & Style
Movies
Music
Science & Technology
TV
Travel
Sports
All Sports
Amateur
Auto Racing
Blue Bombers
Curling
Football
Goldeyes
Golf
High School
Hockey
Horse Racing
Winnipeg Jets
Manitoba Moose
WHL
MLB
NBA
Olympics
Soccer
Opinion
All Opinion
Analysis
Columnists
Editorials
Editorial Cartoons
Letters to the Editor
Send a Letter to the Editor
Media
All Media
Photo Galleries
Videos
Homes
Property Listings
Featured News
Renovation and design
New homes
Resale homes
Canstar Community News
All Canstar Community News
The Headliner
The Herald
The Lance
The Metro
The Sou'wester
The Times
Sports
Events
Contact Us
E-Editions
Coupons
All Coupons
Staples Copy & Print Coupons
Ripley's Aquariums Coupons
The Bay Coupons
Staples Canada Coupons
Altitude Sports Coupons
Nike Coupons
Tuango Coupons
Ebay Canada Coupons
Sport Chek Coupons
Roots Coupons
About Us
About Us
Advertising
Contact Us
Carrier Positions & Retailer Requests
FP Newspapers Inc.
History
Internships
Job Opportunities
News Café
Privacy Policy
Retail Locations
Staff Biographies
Terms and Conditions
Nov. 30, 2020 - Westman Readers’ Choice 2021 - Learn more.
Terms and Conditions, Cookie Policy, and Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
PLEASE READ THIS DOCUMENT
CAREFULLY AND THOROUGHLY. IT IS A LEGALLY BINDING
CONTRACT BETWEEN YOU (EACH USER, SUBSCRIBER, FREE TRIAL USER, FREE SUBSCRIBER, OR PURCHASER OF ANY FP NEWSPAPER INC. PRODUCT.) AND FP NEWSPAPERS INC AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES (COLLECTIVELY "BSN", "WE", "OUR", "US"), ITS THIRD-PARTY SUPPLIERS, AND ITS AFFILIATES.
IF YOU DO NOT FULLY AND COMPLETELY AGREE WITH THE TERMS IN THIS AGREEMENT YOU SHOULD NOT CREATE AN ACCOUNT ON BRANDONSUN.COM OR ANY OTHER FP NEWSPAPER INC. DIGITAL PROPERTY, MOBILE APPLICATIONS, INTERNET SITE, OR DOMAIN (EACH INDIVIDUALLY A "BSN PROPERTY"
AND COLLECTIVELY THE "BSN PROPERTIES")
Last updated on December 16, 2014
Introduction
BSN includes any and all digital properties, websites, apps, and domains owned and operated by Brandon Sun (referred to individually as a "BSN Property" and collectively as the "BSN Properties"). By using of any of BSN's products or services (each a "Service" and collectively the "Services") available in or on a BSN Property, you agree to be bound by these Terms & Conditions. Some of our Services are also accompanied by a separate set of agreements and terms that would apply for only those Services. The most common example of Services requiring extra terms are Services or Properties that you pay to use or access. These paid Services or Properties may be accompanied by a separate Pay Services Agreement that will contain additional requirements in regards to payments and usage. Should we make changes to the Terms & Conditions, you will be bound those new terms for all future activity on all applicable BSN Properties. Any changes will be accompanied by a change in the Last Updated date.
Registration, Accounts And
Passwords
Certain of
the Services and related material, software and other content made available
via a BSN Property ("Content") may require registration or
subscription. If you register or subscribe for any Services or related Content,
you agree to provide accurate information about yourself, and to promptly
update such information as necessary to ensure that it is kept accurate and
complete. You agree to be responsible for: (a) keeping your account
information, including any username and password your have chosen or are given
confidential, and (b) all activities that occur under such password or account,
including any transactions that take place. If you believe someone has been
using your account without your permission, it is your responsibility to
contact us as soon as possible. BSN will not be responsible or liable, directly
or indirectly, in any way for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a
result of, or in connection with, your failure to protect your account
information or be responsible for your account transactions. You agree that
your access to our online Services may be restricted to five or fewer unique devices per registered account, and you may link up to two accounts per non-corporate subscription. BSN reserves the right to suspend your account if it determines
at any time, in its sole discretion, that your account has been simultaneously
logged into more distinct devices than permitted. You agree that you are
solely responsible for any fees, overages, penalties or any other costs charged
to you by any third party internet, cellular or other communications/data
provider.
Restrictions On Use Of Materials
All
Content and Services available at any BSN Property, including the manner in
which the Content is presented, are copyrights of FP Newspaper Inc., its
affiliates and/or licensors. All rights reserved. BSN and/or its licensors
grants you a limited and non-transferable license to use on your computer or
other electronic devices. This license applies only to personal, private and
non-commercial use, provided that you do not modify the Content and that you
maintain all copyright and other proprietary notices. You agree not to
reproduce, make derivative works of, retransmit, distribute, sell, publish,
communicate, broadcast or otherwise make available any of the Content obtained
through a BSN Property. This includes, but is not limited to, caching, framing,
or similar means without the prior written consent of the respective copyright
owner of such Content.
Trademarks
All
trademarks of FP Newspaper Inc, including but not limited to, Winnipeg Free
Press, brandonsun.com, and all associated designs and logos belong to FP
Newspaper Inc. As such, these may only be used under license or with the
express written permission of BSN. All other product, brand and company names,
and logos used or mentioned in or on a BSN Property or any Service may be the
trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective owners. Any use of
trademarked material found on or within any of our Properties is strictly
prohibited.
User Conduct
While
using any BSN Property or Service you agree to comply with all applicable laws
and these Terms and Conditions. You acknowledge that BSN may investigate any
violations of law and may cooperate with law enforcement authorities in
prosecuting users for unlawful acts. Additionally, you agree NOT to:
post, link to, or otherwise
distribute any information or materials constituting, advocating, or
encouraging illegal conduct, or give rise to civil liability;
use a BSN Property or any of the
Services in a manner which opposes the law;
use a BSN Property in a way that would
restrict or inhibit any other user from using or enjoying a BSN Property or
Service;
abuse, stalk, harass, threaten or
otherwise violate the legal rights of others. This includes but is not limited
to rights relating to privacy and publicity;
post, link to, or otherwise
distribute any inappropriate, defamatory, infringing, obscene, indecent or
unlawful material or information;
post, transmit, link to, or
otherwise distribute any information, materials, content (including for greater
certainty, software) which contains any harmful or disruptive component (e.g.
virus, Trojan horse, worm);
use any automatic device or manual
process to monitor or copy a BSN Property or the contained content for any
unauthorized purpose without our express written consent.
Responsibility For Minors
If you
have allowed a minor to use any BSN Property or Service, you accept
responsibility for: (a) the conduct of the minor on that platform; (b) the
minor's access to, and use of, the aforementioned Property of Service; and (c)
the consequences of any violation of these Terms and Conditions by the minor.
You acknowledge that some content on the BSN Property (including but not
limited to Content subject matter, user comments) may contain material that is
inappropriate for minors. It is your responsibility to use discretion in
regards to permitting access for any minor.
Comments And Content Submissions
Any time
you submit or upload content to a BSN Property you automatically grant BSN and
its affiliates unrestricted, royalty-free, and irrevocable right to use, adapt,
transmit, display, distribute and create any works from such submitted
materials. This right is limited to the purpose of publishing and promoting
such materials in connection with the Service through which the materials were
submitted or generated. This license will apply across any form, media, or
technology known at this time or later developed. You accept that all
"moral rights" in such materials have been waived.
Any content
submitted for publication may be used by BSN, its assignees and its licensees
in whole or in part by any means, without compensation to the author.
We, or authorized third parties, reserve the right to cut, crop, edit or refuse to publish your content at our or their sole discretion. We may remove your content from use at any time.
Please be
careful when using our comments board, as people on those boards may not be who
they say they are. BSN and/or its affiliates and licensors cannot be
responsible for the accuracy of any content posted by users, and will not be
responsible for any decisions made based on such information. When you are
posting a comment, you cannot post anything that does not pertain to the
content of the Property in question. Use of a comment for commercial purposes
of any kind is strictly prohibited. BSN reserves the right to remove any
information or materials that, in its sole discretion, are unacceptable, undesirable,
or in violation of these Terms and Conditions.
DISCLAIMER
YOU
UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT: (A) BSN PROPERTIES AND ANY OF THE SERVICES AND
CONTENT ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS.
BSN, ITS AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES AND LICENSORS AND EACH OF THEIR RESPECTIVE
AFFILIATES (COLLECTIVELY THE "BSN GROUP") DOES NOT MAKE ANY, AND
HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL, REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, TERMS, CONDITIONS AND
ENDORSEMENTS (COLLECTIVELY THE "WARRANTIES") OF ANY KIND, WHETHER
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO ANY MATTER HEREUNDER, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION,
ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE,
NON-INFRINGEMENT, TITLE, ACCURACY, SUITABILITY, RELIABILITY, FREEDOM FROM
INFECTIONS OR VIRUSES OR COMPLETENESS AS WELL AS ANY WARRANTIES ARISING BY
STATUTE OR OTHERWISE IN LAW OR FROM A COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE; AND
(B) TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, BSN GROUP SPECIFICALLY
MAKES NO WARRANTIES THAT A BSN PROPERTY OR ANY OF THE SERVICES, INCLUDING ANY
CONTENT, INFORMATION, PRODUCTS OR SERVICES OBTAINED FROM OR THROUGH THE USE OF
A BSN PROPERTY OR ANY OF THE SERVICES, WILL BE PROVIDED ON AN UNINTERRUPTED,
TIMELY, SECURE OR ERROR-FREE BASIS OR THAT SUCH SERVICES OR THE RESULTS DERIVED
THEREFROM WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR EXPECTATIONS.
PROFESSIONAL INFORMATION
DISCLAIMER
Any Professional
Information (e.g. information relating to health, accounting, stocks and
investments) presented by BSN is provided for educational and entertainment
purposes only and does not serve as a recommendation for any treatment plan or
course of action. Despite our best efforts, Professional Information may be
outdated. You agree that all risk associated with the use of Professional
Information rests with you. You further agree that BSN Group, including its
suppliers, will not be responsible or liable in any way for any loss or damage
of any kind incurred as a result of, or in connection with your use of, or
reliance on, any Professional Information.
You
acknowledge that BSN or any related parties may invest or otherwise hold
interests in entities which may be referenced in Content we produce. The views
and opinions expressed on a BSN Property are not intended to constitute a
description of securities bought, sold, or held on behalf of BSN Group nor an
indication by BSN Group of any intention to buy, sell, or hold any security.
DISCLAIMER REGARDING ONLINE SEARCH
CONTENT
Any and
all multimedia content located through any BSN Property's search services are
protected by copyright and/or other intellectual property laws. Where search
results link to sites outside a BSN Property, we have no control over the
copyrights of that material. If you intend to make use of any multimedia content
accessed through a BSN Property's search services we you should contact the owner
of the content you are looking at for its use permission.
MONITORING
You
acknowledge that BSN has no obligation to monitor any BSN Property, Content, or
Service. However, you agree that BSN can monitor any Property to disclose any
information, including your personal information, necessary to satisfy any law,
regulation or other governmental request to operate a BSN Property or Service
properly, or to protect itself in accordance with the Privacy Policy.
MODIFICATIONS
For users
of BSN Properties other than in relation
to Pay Services Agreements, BSN reserves the right to add, remove, or change
any part of these Terms and Conditions at any time. Changes will be effective
when notice of such change is posted on a BSN Property. Please check these
Terms and Conditions regularly for updates. If you find any change unacceptable,
it is your responsibility to discontinue your use of any BSN Properties and
Service immediately. Your continued use of a BSN Property or Service after
changes are posted will constitute acceptance of those changes.
BSN
reserves the right to change, modify, or discontinue any part of any BSN Property,
Services or Content without notice or liability and for any reason whatsoever.
For users who have entered into a Pay Services Agreement, modifications to your
Pay Services Agreement or these Terms and Conditions are discussed below.
DOWNLOADS AND SHAREWARE
Certain BSN
Properties allow you to download software applications or other forms of
Content, files, images and/or data (collectively "Software"). The
Software is made available to you by BSN or third parties is subject to the
terms and conditions presented during the software installation process. You
agree that the Software is licensed to you by BSN or third parties for your
personal use only and that you maintain all copyright and other proprietary
notices. BSN or the designated third parties retain full and complete title to
the Software and all intellectual property rights therein. You may not
redistribute, sell, reverse engineer, or otherwise reduce the Software. You
agree that that all risk associated with the use of the Software rests with
you. You further agree that BSN Group, including its suppliers, makes no
warranties regarding the Software, and will not be responsible or liable, in
any way for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of, or in
connection with your use of, or reliance on, the Software. This includes the
failure of the Software to meet your needs, standards, expectations or
specifications.
ONLINE COOKIES
By
creating an account, or continuing to use a BSN Property or Service, you agree
to allow BSN, its partners, affiliates, licensors or any other party associated
with BSN to install cookies on the local storage of any device used to access
said Property or Service. You agree that BSN will not be held responsible, in
any way, for trouble experienced by your connection or computer that may be
associated, directly or indirectly, with the download of said cookies, or the
refusal to download these cookies. You agree to not alter or edit these cookies
in any way. You can read more about our use of online cookies on our cookie and
information policy.
CONTENT LINKED TO AN ONLINE BSN
PROPERTY
Please
note that links on a BSN Property may take you to other websites. BSN provides
these links only as a convenience and not as an endorsement. These linked sites
are not under the control of BSN. Visiting those sites is done so at your own
risk and it is your responsibility to take all safety precautions when viewing
them. BSN is not responsible for the content of any such linked sites.
Accordingly, you agree that BSN Group will not be responsible or liable in any
way for the material contained in any site linked from a BSN Property.
DEALINGS WITH THIRD PARTIES
You
acknowledge and agree that your correspondence or business dealings with any
third parties are solely as between you and such third parties, regardless of
if your communication took place at any time over a BSN Property. BSN assumes
no responsibility for any charges you incur when making purchases or other
transactions in this manner. The responsibility for ensuring compliance with
all laws in connection with any such transactions will be yours alone. You
agree that BSN will not be responsible or liable in any way for any loss or
damage of any kind incurred as a result of, or in connection with, any such
dealings or transactions.
SUBSCRIPTION/FEE BASED SERVICES
Some of
the Services and Content provided by BSN may be offered on a payment basis.
These Pay Services may be offered by BSN on a post-pay usage basis or on a
periodic subscription ("Subscription") basis. Should you choose to
purchase or subscribe to Pay Services, you will be required to register and you
will be assigned an account for such Pay Service (the "Pay Service
Account") based on the information you provide during the registration
process. You will be responsible for all uses of your Pay Services Account,
including transactions and all applicable fees and taxes (collectively, the
"Fees"), and agree to pay all accrued Fees. You agree that it is your
responsibility to immediately notify BSN of any unauthorized use of your Pay
Services Account. Unless otherwise indicated, the Fees for a Pay Service purchased
through your Pay Service Account are chargeable immediately to the credit card
you designated for the particular Pay Service Account (the "Account Credit
Card") or through such other billing process where applicable.
Please
note that Subscription Pay Services are billed automatically on or about the
beginning of each month, and Fees in respect of each payment period will be
based on the then-current rate for the particular Subscription Pay Service.
You may
terminate your Pay Services Agreement at any time. If you are subscribed to a BSN
online product, your termination will take effect at the end of your then
current billing period, and there will be no refund provided by BSN.
Please
note, when appropriate and at BSN's sole discretion, any changes to your Pay
Service Subscription may result in cancellation of, or changes to, associated
free trials and/or discounts, or the application of associated free trials
and/or discounts you may be entitled to. Such changes and/or cancellations may
take place immediately or may take effect at the end of your then current
billing period, at BSN's sole discretion. Please contact BSN's Customer Care
centre at 1-204-697-7000 to determine how changes to your Subscription may
impact, any associated free trials and/or discounts you may be receiving, or
may be entitled to.
You must
contact BSN immediately with any change in your billing information to avoid an
interruption in service and/or termination of your Subscription. By registering
for a Pay Service, you warrant that: (a) you are of the age of majority in the
jurisdiction in which you reside, (b) all information you submit is true and
correct, and (c) you are the cardholder of the Account Credit Card.
In
consideration of the availability, and your use, of a Pay Service, you
acknowledge and agree: (a) to the terms of your Pay Services Agreement and
these Terms and Conditions; (b) that you are solely responsible for all that
occur through your Pay Service Account; (c) that the Pay Service is for your
personal, non-commercial use and you agree not to transfer or share (for profit
or otherwise) any part of any Pay Service, including any coupons given or
credits granted; (d) that BSN reserves the right to specify an expiry date for
the use of any coupons or credits purchased in connection with any Pay Service;
and (e) that BSN reserves the right to suspend or terminate your Pay Service
Account and your use of a Pay Service in accordance with these Terms and Conditions
and your Pay Services Agreement.
MODIFICATIONS TO PAY SERVICE AGREEMENTS AND TERMS AND CONDITIONS
BSN may at any time amend or modify these Terms and Conditions or a Pay Service Agreement, including without limitation, any Fees, delivery frequency, features or other aspects of Pay Services, upon notice to you. Notification may be provided using one or more of the following methods: (i) letter mailed to your billing address; (ii) bill message; (iii) e-mail to one or more of your email accounts provided to BSN; (iv) posting on the brandonsun.com website; (v) newspaper ad; or (vi) speaking to you or leaving a message for you. If you do not agree to any such amendments or modifications of your Pay Services Agreement or these Terms and Conditions, your sole remedy is to immediately stop using all BSN Properties and Services, and to terminate your Pay Services Agreement in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and your Pay Services Agreement. You can review the most current version of these Terms and Conditions at www.brandonsun.com/Terms_and_Conditions.html or by requesting a copy from Director of Marketing, 1355 Mountain Ave, Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada R2X 3B6.
BSN-INITIATED TERMINATION
BSN reserves
the right to suspend or terminate your Account or access to any BSN Property or
Service, at any time for any reason, including (but not limited to) if: (a) the
Account Credit Card is found to be invalid; (b) you provide false or misleading
information to BSN or its affiliates; (c) BSN and/or its affiliates does not
receive any payment when due; or (d) BSN has determined, in its sole
discretion, that the use of a BSN Property or Service through your Account is
in breach of these Terms and Conditions, or if you are using the Service for
unlawful use. Your ability to use the Pay Services is also subject to any
limits established by BSN or by your Account Credit Card issuer. If Fees cannot
be charged to your Account Credit Card or your charge is returned for any
reason, including chargeback, BSN reserves the right to suspend or terminate
your Pay Services Account. The disclaimer, limitations on liability, and
indemnity provisions herein will survive termination or expiry of your Account,
these Terms and Conditions and your Pay Services Agreement.
SUBSCRIBER TERMINATION
Subject to Section 16 above (Subscription/Fee Based Services) you may terminate your Pay Services Agreement at any time by calling BSN's Customer Care Centre at 1-204-697-7001 or toll-free at 1-800-542-8900
INDEMNIFICATION
You agree
to defend, indemnify and hold harmless each member of BSN and each of their
respective officers, directors, employees and agents, including all third
parties mentioned in or on a BSN Property, from and against any and all claims,
actions or demands, including without limitation reasonable legal and
accounting fees, resulting from or related to: (a) your breach of any of these
Terms and Conditions; (b) your access to or use of a BSN Property, Services or
Content; or (c) your use or reliance on, or publication, communication or
distribution of anything on or from a BSN Property or through any of the
Services. You will use your best efforts to cooperate with BSN Group in the
defense of any claim. BSN Group reserves the right, at our own expense, to
assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to
indemnification by you.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
YOU
EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT IN NO EVENT WILL BSN BE LIABLE FOR ANY
DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL,
SPECIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, AND ANY DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, SAVINGS,
GOODWILL OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER BSN HAD BEEN ADVISED
OF OR COULD HAVE FORESEEN THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, ARISING OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH: (A) THE USE, INABILITY TO USE OR PERFORMANCE OF ANY OF THE
SERVICES OF A BSN PROPERTY, OR (B) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR MODIFICATION
TO ANY OF YOUR CONTENT OR TRANSMISSIONS, OR (C) ANY OTHER MATTER RELATING TO A BSN
PROPERTY OR ANY OF THE SERVICES.
You
expressly acknowledge that BSN has entered into your Pay Services Agreement and
these Terms and Conditions, and will make certain BSN Properties, Content and
Services available to you in reliance upon the limitations and exclusions of
liability and the disclaimers set forth herein, and that the same form an
essential basis of the bargain between you and BSN. You expressly agree that
the indemnities, limitations, exclusions of liability and the disclaimers set
forth herein will survive, and continue to apply in the case of, a fundamental
breach or breaches, the failure of essential purpose of contract, the failure
of any exclusive remedy or termination of your Pay Services Agreement or these
Terms and Conditions.
GOVERNING LAW/JURISDICTIONAL ISSUES
All BSN Properties and Services are controlled, operated and administered by BSN from its offices within Canada. BSN makes no claim (explicit or implicit) that a BSN Property or any of the Services are appropriate or available for use at any locations outside Canada. If you access a BSN Property from outside Canada, you are responsible for compliance with all applicable laws. You may not export any of the Content accessible through a BSN Property in violation of applicable export laws and regulations. These Terms and Conditions will be interpreted, construed and governed by the laws in force in the Province of Manitoba, Canada, without reference to its conflict of laws principles. Subject to Section 24 (Arbitration and Actions) below, each party hereby agrees to submit to the jurisdiction of the courts of the Province of Manitoba and to waive any objections based upon venue. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods does not apply to these Terms and Conditions.
ARBITRATION AND ACTIONS
Except
where prohibited by applicable law, any controversy, claim or dispute arising
out of or relating to these Terms and Conditions, a Pay Service (unless
otherwise specified in Pay Services Agreement), your Pay Services Agreement,
your use of any BSN Property or Service or the relationship which results from
these Terms and Conditions, including but not limited to the performance,
breach, enforcement, existence or validity of the matters provided for in these
Terms and Conditions or your receipt and use of a BSN Property or Services,
which cannot be amicably resolved, even if only one of the parties declares
that there is a difference (collectively, a "Claim"), will be
referred to and finally settled (to the exclusion of the courts) by private and
confidential binding arbitration before a single arbitrator held in Winnipeg, Manitoba
in English and governed by Manitoba law pursuant to the Arbitration Act, 1997 (Manitoba),
as amended, replaced or re-enacted from time to time. The arbitrator will be a
person who is legally trained and who has experience in the information
technology field in Canada and is independent of either party. Any such Claim
will be arbitrated on an individual basis, and will not be consolidated in any
arbitration with any claim, controversy or dispute of any other party. Except
where prohibited by applicable law, you agree to waive any right you may have
to commence or participate in any class action against BSN Group relating to
any Claim and you also agree to opt out of any class proceedings against BSN Group.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, BSN reserves the right to pursue the protection
of intellectual property rights and confidential information through injunctive
or other equitable relief through the courts.
SUBMISSION OF IDEAS OR SUGGESTIONS
If you
have ideas or suggestions regarding improvements or additions to one of our
Properties or Services, BSN would like to hear them - but any submission will
be subject to these Terms and Conditions. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL ANY
DISCLOSURE OF ANY IDEA OR SUGGESTION TO BSN AND/OR ITS AFFILIATES BE SUBJECT TO
ANY OBLIGATION OF CONFIDENTIALITY OR EXPECTATION OF COMPENSATION. BY SUBMITTING
THE IDEA OR SUGGESTION TO BSN AND/OR ITS AFFILIATES YOU ARE WAIVING ANY AND ALL
RIGHTS THAT YOU MAY HAVE IN THE IDEA OR SUGGESTION AND ARE REPRESENTING AND
WARRANTING TO BSN AND/OR ITS AFFILIATES THAT THE IDEA OR SUGGESTION ARE WHOLLY
ORIGINAL WITH YOU, THAT NO ONE ELSE HAS ANY RIGHTS IN THE IDEA OR SUGGESTION
AND THAT BSN AND/OR ITS AFFILIATES IS FREE TO IMPLEMENT THE IDEA OR SUGGESTION
IF IT SO DESIRES, AS PROVIDED OR AS MODIFIED BY BSN AND/OR ITS AFFILIATES,
WITHOUT OBTAINING PERMISSION OR LICENSE FROM ANY THIRD PARTY.
PRIVACY
For
information on how user information is collected, used and disclosed by BSN in
connection with your use of a BSN Property and any of the Services, please
consult our Privacy Policy available at www.brandonsun.com/privacy-policy.
GENERAL PROVISIONS
These
Terms and Conditions and any Pay Services Agreement you have entered into are
personal to you, and you may not assign your rights or obligations to anyone.
Your Pay Services Agreement and these Terms and Conditions constitute the
entire agreement between BSN and you pertaining to your use of a BSN Property,
Services and Content and supercede any prior agreements between you and BSN
with respect to the subject matter hereof. BSN's failure to insist upon or
enforce strict performance of any right or provision of your Pay Services
Agreement or these Terms and Conditions will not constitute or be construed as
a waiver of any right or provision. If any of the provisions (or parts thereof)
contained in your Pay Services Agreement or these Terms and Conditions are
determined to be voidor invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, such
determination will not affect the remaining provisions (or parts thereof)
contained herein. Except where prohibited by applicable law, any cause of
action you may have with respect to your use of BSN Sites or which is the
subject of your Pay Services Agreement or these Terms and Conditions must be
commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. No
changes to your Pay Services Agreement or these Terms and Conditions will be
made except as expressly contemplated herein. The parties have required that
your Pay Services Agreement and these Terms and Conditions and all documents
relating thereto be drawn up in English. Les parties ont demandé que cette
convention ainsi que tous les documents que s'y rattachent soient rédigés en
anglais.
Cookie and Information Policy
As of December 2014
What are Cookies?
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your device when
you visit a website. They are read by that same website when you come back to remember
what you have done there. This is how our website can remember information like
your account username, or which articles you have read during past visits.
First-party vs
Third-party cookies
First-party cookies collect information from our site while you're
there, and send that same information back to our system when you visit again.
All cookies that are placed on your device by our site are called first-party cookies. Third-party cookies
are cookies that may be placed on your device by another company. For example,
cookies may be placed by our advertising partners so that you can see more
interesting and useful advertisements elsewhere on the Internet.
At
brandonsun.com we use 4 main type of cookies:
Essential Cookies
These cookies are necessary for using our website. They allow you
to do things like read articles after you have logged into your account –
without these cookies our website would never be able to remember that you had
logged in, and would continually stop you from reading articles.
Performance Cookies
These cookies are used to reduce the strain put on our system when
you visit our site. They are also used to serve different content to new users
and returning readers.
We also use these cookies to track aggregate usage of our site so that we can
improve how the site works.
Functionality Cookies
Functionality cookies are largely used to remember your specific
settings on the site. This includes things like your preferred text size, as
well as if you prefer to view in desktop or mobile mode. These cookies are also
used to prevent you from being shown too many ads while on a mobile device.
Behaviorally Targeted
Advertising Cookies
These cookies are used by us and our ad partners to help show you
ads that you will find most interesting and useful. These cookies can be used
to remember that you visited a particular site and may also be able to track
your device's browsing activity on sites other than ours. This information may
be shared with organizations outside Brandon Sun, such as advertisers
in order to deliver the most relevant advertisements. These cookies are also
used to track the effectiveness of an advertising campaign by providing
aggregate usage statistics.
Can I disable
cookies?
Absolutely! Detailed and easy-to-follow instructions for disabling
cookies in most popular browsers can be found at http://www.wikihow.com/Disable-Cookies .
Please note that if you choose to stop your browser from accepting cookies many
areas of brandonsun.com (and the majority of other sites) will not be
available. Even the areas that are available will likely not work very well. We
have designed this site to use cookies for much of its functionality, as we
feel that they are a safe and simple way to make more great content available.
The Information we
collect and why we collect it
We collect information to provide better services to all of our readers
– from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex
things like which ads you'll find most useful. We do this by asking you
explicitly for some information and automatically tracking other things while
you are on our site. For example, we automatically track if you are on a
desktop or a tablet so that we can better optimize the special content we put
on our site. Other information we collect includes: detailed device information
(e.g. display resolution, operating system), log information (e.g. internet
protocol address, event information), and local storage (e.g. browser web
storage, cookies).
How we use the
information we have collected
Our goal in collecting information is to determine how we can
improve the offerings we put out on brandonsun.com. The information we
collect is aggregated before it is examined, and is never used to target you
specifically, but instead to look at trends and preferences of the entirety of
brandonsun.com readers. For example, we may take note of which sports
articles you read in order to determine if our readers in general prefer to read about the Jets or the Blue Bombers. Brandon Sun will not give
any of your information – aggregate or otherwise – to anyone; it is only ever
used by FP Canadian Newspapers Limited Partnership (FPLP) and its agents. The
only exceptions are: (1) when you provide us explicit consent, and (2) when it
is required of us by law for reasons of public safety or police investigation.
How long do we keep information
about you?
As long
as you have an active account with FPLP, we keep your general account
information (username, password, billing information). Inactive accounts will
be removed regularly. Beyond that, information in regards to specific viewing
habits is generally only kept for 45 days.
Access to Information
A
complete detail of your right to the information we have collected about you
can be found at our very official, legal sounding Privacy Policy. In regards to your information this document says a few things:
You
can request a complete list of the information we have collected about you at
any time. The request for information must be submitted in writing, and you
must verify that you are entitled to this information.
Once
this request and verification has been received, we will provide you with the
opportunity to review this information (with the exception of any information
gathered by our journalists and subject to exceptions set out in Section 9 of
PIPEDA, or information relating to confidential business practices or private
third parties) in a timely manner – generally within 30 days. In the unlikely
circumstance that we require more time to fulfill this request we will let you
know and provide a follow-up date.
You
can request that we change your information if you feel it is inaccurate using
the same process as above. We would need to verify your identity before making
any changes.
You
can also request that we remove all information that we have collected over the
course of our time together, provided that you are no longer a customer. A
request of this type must be sent in writing to 1355 Mountain Avenue, Winnipeg,
Manitoba, R2X 3B6. Upon receipt, your identity would need to be verified, and
we would let you know how to proceed from there.
Transparency and
choice
Everyone has unique concerns about online privacy. We aim to be
completely transparent about the information we collect so that you can make
informed decisions about how your information is handled. You can control many
things, including:
Account information
You can choose to
include, or not include, many pieces of information on your personal account. You can access your account page here. The only information we require is a username, password, and
proper billing information (name, address, etc.) so that we can charge your
account when you make a purchase.
E-mail settings
You can change your e-mail contact settings at any time in the User Management section. We
have no interest in sending you emails that you don't want to read, so please choose how often you would like to hear from us.
Privacy Policy
What is the Brandon Sun’ (FP Canadian Newspapers Limited Partnership, or FPLP) privacy policy?
FPLP recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of personally identifiable information collected about our customers. This includes subscribers to and users of our services, purchasers of our products, advertisers (including those who advertise in classified ads), contest entrants, and visitors to our website. We adhere to fair information practices and limit the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information which is provided to us, to only that information which is necessary for our business purposes, and to provide services to you.
FPLP collects personal information when we provide our services and our products to our customers and to fulfill administrative functions associated with these services, for example to permit billing, delivery of our newspapers and for marketing and other customer relationship purposes. On occasion, we contract with others to provide these services to you and where we engage agents or contract with others to provide those services, we require those agents to demonstrate a similar commitment to maintaining your privacy.
We do not collect, use or disclose personal information about our customers without the consent of our customers, except where disclosure is permitted or required by law.
Whenever possible, FPLP will limit the use of information for the purpose for which it was collected and where we have identified a new use for that information, we will advise you and where reasonable and necessary secure your consent.
FPLP will retain personal information about customers for as long as is necessary for our business purposes and to comply with any applicable laws governing the retention of records.
When FPLP no longer requires the information for our business purposes or to meet those legal requirements, we will either destroy it or render it anonymous.
Links to other websites
Be aware that our websites may contain links to other websites provided and maintained exclusively by third parties not subject to FPLP Privacy Policy. Please review the privacy policies on any external websites to determine their information handling practices.
We place advertising on our websites that originate from third party advertisers.
Even though these advertisements are embedded in our website, cookies may be assigned by the advertisers and not FPLP. FPLP does not control these cookies.
Access to Information Procedure
FPLP, on receipt of a written request by a customer and once that customer has verified that they are entitled to the personal information, will provide an opportunity to review any personal information that FPLP may have about that customer with the exception of any information gathered by its journalists and subject to exceptions set out in Section 9 of PIPEDA.
On receipt of written request and verification of the authority of the person to obtain the personal information, FPLP will make every effort to provide an opportunity for the customer to review the information within 30 days of the written request. If FPLP requires additional time to fulfill that request, the customer will be notified that a further period of time will be required to respond and a follow–up date will be given.
Before providing the information to a customer, FPLP will review that information and remove any sensitive commercial information about FPLP’s business practices and any personal information about identifiable third parties whom have not given consent for the information to be disclosed. If appropriate, the customer will be provided with a copy of the information, at the customer’s expense.
Where a customer believes that the personal information collected by FPLP is inaccurate, the customer may request FPLP make corrections to the personal information. FPLP may make the corrections requested. However, if there is a dispute between FPLP and the customer concerning the accuracy of the personal information collected, FPLP will note on the file that the customer disagrees with that personal information. If any third parties have been provided this information, FPLP will make all reasonable attempts to inform third parties of the correction.
Personal Information Complaints
If a customer wants to make a complaint about the manner in which FPLP has used, collected or disclosed personal information the complaint should be directed to the privacy officer. The customer should be assured that the complaint will be investigated and that if necessary the appropriate measures will be taken to correct FPLP’s information handling policies and practices. The complaint should be in writing and sent to 1355 Mountain Avenue, Winnipeg, Manitoba, R2X 3B6.
Any other questions?
If you have questions about our privacy practices, please contact us at FPLP at 1355 Mountain Avenue, Winnipeg, Manitoba, R2X 3B6.
This Policy may be updated and changed periodically. As changes are made to our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on this page. You are encouraged to review this page regularly for any changes.
Top