https://www.ecclectica.ca/anti-spam-policy/
Skip to content
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for Ecclectica.ca. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site, except where stated otherwise. It will notify you of the following:
What information we collect;
With whom it is shared;
How it can be corrected;
How it is secured;
How policy changes will be communicated; and
How to address concerns over misuse of personal data.
Please read this privacy policy before using the site or submitting any personal information. By using the site, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. You are encouraged to review the privacy policy whenever you visit the site to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used. Note: the privacy practices set forth in this privacy policy are for this web site only. If you link to other web sites, please review the privacy policies posted at those sites.
COLLECTING OF INFORMATION
We collect personally identifiable information, like names and email addresses, etc., when voluntarily submitted by our visitors. The information you provide is used to fulfill your requests on our web site and to enable communication from our company to you. Cookie/Tracking Technology: The site uses cookies and tracking technology called Google Analytics. Cookies and Google Analytics tracking technology are useful for gathering information such as browser type and operating system, tracking the number of visitors to the site, and understanding how visitors use the site. Cookies also help customize the site for visitors. Personal information cannot be collected via cookies, however, if you previously provided personally identifiable information, cookies may be tied to such information. Aggregate cookie and tracking information may be shared with Google Analytics to provide us with site management statistics.
DISTRIBUTION OF INFORMATION
We may share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when: (1) permitted or required by law; or, (2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or, (3) investigating fraud which has already taken place. We will not share your data with any other company outside of these limitations. Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to keep you informed about Ecclectica.
YOUR ACCESS TO AND CONTROL OVER INFORMATION
You may opt out of any future contact from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address provided on our web site:
Change/correct any information concerning your account.
Have us delete your account.
Unsubscribe from contact.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
SECURITY
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the web site, your information is protected both online and offline. Wherever we collect sensitive information, that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the top of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page. The computers/servers on which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
REGISTRATION
In order to create a campaign on this web site for the purpose of raising money, a user must first complete the registration form. During registration a user is required to give certain information (such as name and email address). This information is used to contact you about your Ecclectica account.
People looking to make donations to Ecclectica campaigns only, and not create a campaign, are not required to complete a registration form.
Popular Posts!!!
General
Know all about your Dental Crown
November 28, 2020November 5, 20203 min read
What is a Dental Crown? A crown is a cover or a "cap" that the dentist can place over a tooth. The crown retains its
General
Planning a Social Media Strategy
October 9, 2020September 29, 20203 min read
General
Partial Dentures: Their types, advantages and disadvantages
September 19, 2020September 23, 20203 min read
Featured General Green Real Estate
Tips For Finding Green Housing
July 31, 2020August 31, 20203 min read
Featured General Insurance
Know the Several Types of Insurance
April 25, 2020August 31, 20203 min read
Archives
November 2020
October 2020
September 2020
July 2020
April 2020
January 2020
Categories
Debt Management
Featured
General
Green Real Estate
Insurance
TagsDebt Management Plan
flexible partial dentures
Green Housing
growth of social media
Home Insurance
quality of the teeth