http://www.pressmonitor.com/privacy-policy
menu
Home
Services
Print
MediaAnalytics
Broadcast
Media
Online
Media
Social
Media Monitoring
Contact us
Log In
Sign Up
Log In
Sign Up
Home
Services
Media Monitoring
Print Media
Broadcast Media
Online Media
Social Media Monitoring
Executive Media Summaries
Social Media Alerts
24x7
News Alerts 24x7
PR Evaluation and Analytics
Text
Photos, Images
Videos
Infographics
Translations
Content Creation
PR Measurement and Evaluation
Social Media Analytics
Database
Media Contacts Database
Social Media Contacts Database
Distribution and Channels
Press Release
Distribution
Content Channels - Branded
Newsletters
Content Channels - eBooks
Content Channels -
Responsive Websites
Content Channels - Mobile
Apps
Our Clients
About us
Our Offices
Contact us
Privacy Policy
pressmonitor.com is sensitive to the private nature of information you provide us while visiting our website. Our privacy policy is designed to maximize your ability to protect your personal information, while at the same time giving you the opportunity to obtain interesting and useful information and services.
This privacy policy describes the treatment of information received about you when you visit this website.
pressmonitor.com does not collect any personally-identifiable information about you unless you decide to provide information to us. If you decide to request more information from us, or sign up for our services, we will ask you to provide information such as your name, email address, and other additional information so that we can respond to your request. You are not required to provide this information, however the services we can offer you may be limited without it. We use this information solely as required to respond to your particular request and to improve both the usability of our site and our user support procedures. We also automatically log visitors’ IP addresses and Internet Service Providers (“ISPs”), and may also record information to help prevent the misuse of our system.
Cookies:
We use ‘cookies’ to gather information about your online activity as a means to create an anonymous profile that reflects your viewing preferences. Cookies are also used to store SessionIDs (text strings that anonymously identify you to the server) and passwords. This ensures that you are able to seamlessly surf both private and public areas of this website.
Cookies are text files that are attached to your computer’s browser (like MS Internet Explorer or Netscape Navigator) to help us understand your online activities. A cookie by itself does not tell your e-email address or personally identifiable information.
Consent:
We, at pressmonitor.com, believe that you – the visitor – own your personal information. We will always give you a choice regarding how the personally identifiable information you provide may be used. You will always have the opportunity to opt in or out of any data collection or distribution.
Disclosure:
pressmonitor.com will not willfully share the personally-identifiable information collected from you without your consent. The only exception is when we are required to do so by a legal statute, a law enforcement agency, or regulatory authority. Examples of this include cases in which fraud and/or criminal activity is suspected.
We respect your right not to receive any email that you have not specifically agreed to receive. We have, therefore, put policies in place that allow our subscribers to control, or prevent, the delivery of these messages.
pressmonitor.com may occasionally send outbound email communications to inform you of significant updates or changes to the website. We encourage you to allow us to send this information so that you will always be aware of the latest information about pressmonitor.com.
In some cases we will need to send emails to alert you to specific changes that may impact your ability to use the services that you have previously signed up for. We also reserve the right to contact you if compelled to do so as part of a legal proceeding.
pressmonitor.com reserves the right to change this privacy policy from time to time to address changes in technology, applications and industry practices. We will post the changes on this website, so be sure to check back periodically.
Data Security:
At pressmonitor.com, we employ security techniques and well-defined employee practices to ensure that data is protected from unauthorized access and use. We hold our employees accountable for maintaining the privacy and integrity of our subscribers’ information. Our internal programs are designed to keep our employees informed of our Privacy Policy.
Access:
At pressmonitor.com, you have access to your registration information. Please email your queries to webmaster@pressmonitor.com.
Children’s Policy:
We do not specifically collect information about children and believe that children should get their parents’ consent before giving out any personal information. In the event pressmonitor.com learns that a subscriber is under age 13, we will ensure that such information is deleted from our database.
Accountability:
We take the responsibility to manage your information and protect your privacy very seriously. pressmonitor.com will always notify you about the nature of personally identifiable information collected; who is collecting the information; the way such information will be used and with whom the information may be shared. We will also inform you of your choices regarding the collection, use, and distribution of the information; our security procedures to protect the loss, misuse, or alteration of information under our control and how you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
pressmonitor.com will safeguard all information you share with us. We will not share information you provide without your permission. We will not send unsolicited e-mails and let you unsubscribe from our mailing list at any time.
We continuously assess ourselves to ensure that your privacy is respected. If you have questions or concerns regarding pressmonitor.com’s privacy policy, please contact us at webmaster@pressmonitor.com or our 24 hour hotline +91-9811118919
Contact Pressmonitor
Email :
info@pressmonitor.com
Mobile No. :
+91-98111-18919 | +91-98910-20000
Useful links
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Support
Contact Us
Subscribe to newsletter
Copyright © 2020 Pressmonitor.com. All rights
reserved