https://www.troymessenger.com/2020/09/18/us-bans-wechat-tiktok-citing-national-security-privacy/
Facebook
Twitter
Troy Life
Classifieds
Subscribe
Services
About Us
Subscribe
Policies
Terms of use
Submit
Submit a news tip
Submit a photo
Engagement announcement
Wedding announcement
Submit a Classified Ad
Letters to the Editor
Newsletter Signup
E-Edition
December 10, 2020
Latest Stories
Charles Henderson improves to 8-2 with win over Montgomery Catholic
Bulldogs ready to defend their state championship
COVID Grinch can’t steal our Christmas
Like him or not, Trump leaves a legacy
Library plans holiday fun for young readers
US bans WeChat, TikTok citing national security, privacy
By Submitted Article
Email the author
Published 8:24 am Friday, September 18, 2020
WASHINGTON (AP) — The U.S. will ban the downloads of the Chinese apps TickTok and WeChat on Sunday, with a total ban on the use of the latter, citing national security and data privacy concerns.
A total ban on the use of TikTok will follow on Nov. 12, but Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said early Friday on Fox Business News that access to that app may be possible if certain safeguards are put into place.
“At the President’s direction, we have taken significant action to combat China’s malicious collection of American citizens’ personal data, while promoting our national values, democratic rules-based norms, and aggressive enforcement of U.S. laws and regulations,” Ross said in a prepared statement.
The government said its order, previously announced by President Donald Trump in August, will “combat China’s malicious collection of American citizens’ personal data.”
The government order also raises questions about California tech giant Oracle’s recent deal to take over U.S. operations of TikTok, a requirement by the Trump administration for the app to continue operating in the U.S.
Details of the Oracle-TikTok deal were sketchy at best. Oracle was among the pool of bidders, including Microsoft and Walmart, to buy TikTok’s American operations.
Oracle, in confirming it was the winning bidder Monday, didn’t refer to the deal as a sale or acquisition, instead saying it was chosen as TikTok’s “trusted technology provider.”
It’s unclear at this point what assets, if any, Oracle would actually acquire.
Some security experts have raised concerns that ByteDance Ltd., the Chinese company that owns TikTok, would maintain access to information on the 100 million TikTok users in the United States, creating a security risk.
Like most social networks, TikTok collects user data and moderates users’ posts. It grabs users’ locations and messages and tracks what they watch to figure out how best to target ads to them.
Similar concerns apply to U.S.-based social networks such as Facebook and Twitter, but Chinese ownership adds an extra wrinkle because the Chinese government could order companies to help it gather intelligence.
TikTok says it does not store U.S. user data in China and that it would not give user data to the government. But experts say the Chinese government can get any information it wants from companies there.
The action is the Trump administration’s latest attempt to weaken influence from China, a rising economic superpower. Since taking office in 2017, Trump has waged a trade war with China, blocked mergers involving Chinese companies and stifled the business of Chinese firms like Huawei, a maker of phones and telecom equipment. China-backed hackers, meanwhile, have been blamed for data breaches of U.S. federal databases and the credit agency Equifax, and the Chinese government strictly limits what U.S. tech companies can do in China.
Republican and Democratic lawmaker concerns about TikTok include its vulnerability to censorship and misinformation campaigns, and the safety of user data and children’s privacy. But the administration has provided no specific evidence that TikTok has made U.S. users’ data available to the Chinese government.
Officials point to the hypothetical threat that lies in the Chinese government’s ability to demand cooperation from Chinese companies.
You Might Like
Think 2020’s weather disasters are bad? Expect more, experts say
By SETH BORENSTEIN AP Science Writer A record amount of California is burning, spurred by a nearly 20-year mega-drought. To... read more
Print Article
Latest Sports
Charles Henderson improves to 8-2 with win over Montgomery CatholicBulldogs ready to defend their state championshipTroy enters must win territory20-0 run lifts Troy to comfortable win over ChattanoogaTroy hosts Chattanooga
Polls
Do you wear a mask when you are out in public or around people not in your household?
Yes.
No.
View Results
Loading ...
Latest Cops, Courts and Fire
12-8 Police Reports12/5 Police Reports11-25 Police Reports11-20 Police Reports11-13 Police Reports
Trending News
CDC begs Americans not to travel for ThanksgivingNot just COVID: Nursing home neglect deaths are surgingSearch for ET takes blow as huge telescope closesNo. 1 Alabama-LSU, No. 5 Texas A&M-Tennessee postponedPostponement, outbreaks: SEC takes a hit from COVID-19
Latest Lifestyles
Students shine in ‘art the size of a dollar bill’ exhibit‘I just look for the light’A SAD ENDING: Class of 2020 mourns loss of traditionsBefore there was Charmin …SWEET MEMORIES: Pioneer Museum Valentine’s collection tells history of love
Friends to Follow
Calendar of events
Sections
Home
News
Sports
Opinion
Lifestyles
Obits
Business
Services
About Us
Subscribe
Policies
Terms of use
Submit a news tip
Submit a photo
Birth announcement
Birthday announcement
Engagement announcement
Wedding announcement
Local "Find it" Online Business Directory
Copyright
© 2020, The Troy Messenger