https://www.concrete-online.co.uk/us-court-rules-nsa-spying-to-be-illegal/
#BLM
News
Global
Features
Interviews
Comment
Science
Travel
Sport
Venue
Arts
Books
Creative Writing
Fashion
Film
Gaming
Music
TV
Home » US Court rules NSA spying to be illegal
Global
US Court rules NSA spying to be illegal
A court ruling has deemed the NSA’s (National Security Agency) program of mass surveillance of US citizens to be illegal.
The program was exposed seven years ago by Edward Snowden, a former NSA contractor. Snowden, who has been living in Russia since and still has charges of espionage in the US, said on Twitter:
“Seven years ago, as the news declared I was being charged as a criminal for speaking the truth, I never imagined that I would live to see our courts condemn the NSA’s activities as unlawful and in the same ruling credit me for exposing them. And yet that day has arrived.”
The ruling by The US Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit determined that the NSA’s program violated the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act. They added that the program may have been unconstitutional. Prior to Snowden’s report, US intelligence officials had repeatedly denied any kind of surveillance by the NSA on US citizens.
Following the release of evidence of a huge database telephone records, officials defended the NSA’s actions by suggesting they were vital in fighting extremism within the US. They pointed to the case of Basaaly Saeed Moalin, Ahmed Nasir Taalil Mohamud, Mohamed Mohamud, and Issa Doreh, who were convicted in 2013, supposedly with help of the NSA’s database. However, Wednesday’s ruling suggested that these claims are “inconsistent with the contents of the classified record.” The convictions will not, however, be affected by the ruling.
The American Civil Liberties Union said in a statement: “Today’s ruling is a victory for our privacy rights… (the ruling) makes plain that the NSA’s bulk collection of Americans’ phone records violated the constitution.”
Share this:Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)
Related
Court ruling Edward Snowden Global Illegal NSA
About Author
Henry Webb
Police shutdown illegal rave in Thetford Forest The resilience of Native American artists through the pandemic
You may also like
Photo: Unsplash
Photo: Wikimedia Commons
Photo: Wikimedia Commons
Recent BlogPfizer Covid-19 vaccine judged safe for use i...02/12/2020Iran's Top Nuclear Scientist Assassinated27/11/2020New coronavirus tier system announced in Engl...26/11/2020UEA cancels January enrolment onto 5 Masters ...25/11/2020Diego Maradona (1960-2020)25/11/2020Latest Comments
Ma’am, this is a Wendy’s
Is this author 14 years old with absolutely zero knowledge on music? Has to be. Two out of three songs are irrelevant. Both by shitty bands. Who paid for this?…
Wonderful article! Very insightful and brilliantly communicated. I wasn't aware of this issue before, but this article has really brought it to light for me. Thank you very much!
Six photos, no names, no I.D. Who are these people?!
Hi.Thanks with this fruitful information about decolonization.Im still looking forward to read more about the topic.
Searching
This website uses cookies. By continuing to use this website you are giving consent to cookies being used. Fine with me! |
Tell me more.Privacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Cancel
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.