http://www.pal-item.com/story/news/education/2020/09/24/rcs-ask-city-funding-help-mcguire-hall-renovation-project/3511491001/
EDUCATIONRCS to ask city for funding help with McGuire Hall renovation projectJason TruittRichmond Palladium-ItemRICHMOND, Ind. — In the summer months, it can get more than a little hot in the auditorium of McGuire Hall at Richmond High School, but that could change if an upcoming funding request is approved by the city's Redevelopment Commission.At this week's Richmond Community School Board meeting, members unanimously gave the go-ahead for the district to apply for money from the commission that would help pay for renovations at the 79-year-old facility."We would like to update that with some air conditioning and some HVAC controls as well as just give it a fresh look that would coordinate with all of the wonderful (work) that the art museum has done in renovating their galleries," said Karen Scalf, RCS' chief financial officer."It's something that our community will utilize more. We get asked all the time, and we're not able to provide that space when it's warm."In 2017, the Richmond Art Museum, which uses part of the McGuire Hall building, started a $1.7 million project that included lighting upgrades, new floors in some places, bathroom makeovers and an overhaul of the art galleries' heating and cooling system. The museum shut down while the project was underway and reopened in February 2018.RCS' plans would build off that work."There are multiple facets to the proposal," Scalf said. "There's a small roof project as well as HVAC improvements. There's paint, flooring. A number of things are involved."We also have some in-kind services that we'll be looking at as far as some projects that we will be working toward at the high school that will coordinate with that."We also look toward some possible donor activity if this proposal is put through."Jeff Slifer represents the RCS board as a non-voting member of the Redevelopment Commission. He believes the project lines up well with the commission's guidelines for which projects to fund."I really think this is an excellent project for the Redevelopment Commission. I think this is truly a partnership between the school system, the community and the Richmond Art Museum," he said.Much of the Redevelopment Commission's money comes from the city's Tax Increment Financing Districts. Those capture a portion of the property taxes paid in certain areas of the city. If the TIF Districts didn't exist, some of that money naturally would flow to RCS."The Redevelopment Commission has been very aware of the loss of monies coming to the school system because of the $2.3 or $2.4 million a year that they get in tax revenues. Some of that is ours," Slifer said.RCS plans to submit its application for funding by the end of the week with the hopes of making it onto the Redevelopment Commission's agenda for its monthly meeting in October.Jason Truitt is the team leader and senior reporter at the Palladium-Item. Contact him at 765-973-4459 or jtruitt@pal-item.com.