https://www.koreanquarterly.org/privacy-policy/
Subscribe
Donate
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebar Skip to footerEditor’s Note
Minnesota News
National News
Global News
COVID-19
Events
Store
Features
Politics
Opinion
Books
Theater
Film & Dramas
Food & Drink
Music
Creative
Webtoons
This Privacy Policy describes the Privacy Policy that governs the use of the current and future websites, platforms, services, and applications owned or operated by Korean Quarterly (“KQ”), including, without limitation, www.koreanquarterly.org (the “Site”). KQ’s policy is to respect and protect the privacy of our website users.
This policy statement informs you of how we will handle information we learn about you from your visit to our Site.
Modification
KQ reserves the right to modify this privacy statement at any time. If we make material changes to the way we collect, use, share, or process the personal information that you have provided that adversely impact you, we will notify you by posting a notice of the changes in a clear and conspicuous manner on the Site or via the most recent email address we have on file for you.
Information Gathering
We may collect the basic information and e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail.
We may aggregate information on what pages are accessed or visited, and information volunteered by the visitor (such as survey information and/or site registrations).
When you register for any KQ services or events, we may ask for information such as your name, email address, and location information.
We may also collect information relating to your use of our Site through the use of various technologies.
For example, when you visit our Site, we may log certain information that your browser sends us, such as your browser type, access time, and referring Site addresses. We may also collect information aboutthe pages you view within our sites and other actions you take while visiting us. In addition, we may also use such technologies to determine whether you’ve opened an e-mail or clicked on a link contained inan e-mail. We use and analyze this data for aggregate trends and statistics to help us better understand how our site is being used and to make it more effective and to personalize your experience while you are on our Site, as well as tailor our interactions with you.
Information Use
The following paragraphs describe how KQ may use your personal information.
KQ uses collected information for the following general purposes: services provisioning, identification and authentication, services improvement, contact, and research and this information is not shared with or sold to other organizations for commercial purposes, except to provide products or businesses you’ve requested, when we have your permission, or under the following circumstances:
It is necessary to share information to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of Terms of Service of the specific application, or as otherwise required by law.
We transfer information about you if KQ is acquired by or merged with another company. In this event, KQ will notify you before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a differentprivacy policy.
We may from time to time also use your personal information as follows:
To improve the content of our Site and the quality of our service.
To provide you with a personalized experience on our Site, such as providing you with content in which you may be interested and making navigation on our sites easier.
To support the services you have obtained from us, such as notifying you of a services update or fix.
In connection with a job application or inquiry, whether advertised on the KQ Site or otherwise, you may provide us with information about yourself, such as a resume. We may use this information throughout KQ in order to address your inquiry or consider you for employment purposes. Unless you tell us not to do so, we may keep the information for future consideration.
We may also use or share your information to protect the rights or property of KQ our partners, suppliers, clients, users, or others when we have reasonable grounds to believe that such rights or property have been or could be affected. In addition, we reserve the right to disclose your personal information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is
necessary to protect our rights, or the rights of others, or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Site.
Links to Other Websites
KQ’s Site may contain links to other websites that are not affiliated with KQ. KQ is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those other websites. We encourage our users to read the privacy statements of other websites.
Cookies
A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier that is sent to your browser from a website’s computers and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Cookies may be required to fully use the KQ Site.
Data Storage
KQ uses third party vendors and hosting partners to provide the necessary hardware, software, networking, storage, and related technology required to run our services.
Disclosure
KQ may disclose personally identifiable information under special circumstances, such as to comply with subpoenas or when your actions violate the Terms of Service of any of our applications.
Access to Your Information
You may access your personal information that we hold by contacting us directly at admin@koreanquarterly.org. For your protection, we may need to verify your identity before responding to your request. We will try to respond to your request as soon as reasonably practicable.
In your request, please make clear what information you would like to have changed, whether you would like to have your personal information suppressed from our database, or other limitations you would like to put on our use of your personal information, including discontinuing any onward transfers or sharing with business partners. We may only implement requests with respect to personal information that is associated with the particular email address that you use to send your request. However, please note that we reserve the right to refuse to act on a request that is manifestly unfounded or excessive (for example because it is repetitive) and/or to charge a fee that takes into account the administrative costs for providing the information or taking the action requested.
Retention
We retain certain information about you for as long as necessary to perform the activities described in this Privacy Policy, or where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so, such as for legal,regulatory, accounting, or reporting requirements.
When our legitimate interest for retaining your personal information ceases to exist, we will either delete or anonymize your information so that it can no longer be attributed to a particular individual. To the extent residual information remains within our databases, back-ups, or other records and we are unable to anonymize it we will isolate such information from further processing until deletion is possible. If you have any questions, please feel free to contact us.
Children’s Information
We do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under 18. If we become aware that an individual under the age of 18 is submitting information without consent from their parent or legal guardian as permitted under applicable law, we will delete the information as soon as possible from our database. If you believe we are collecting information about an individual under 18, please notify us immediately so that we can take appropriate action.
Questions
Any questions about this Privacy Policy should be addressed to support@koreanquarterly.org.
Primary Sidebar
digital_archive_sidebar_ad
Korean Quarterly Digital Archive
Help us fund our initiative to preserve
Korean American stories and continue our legacy of independent journalism.
Events Calendar
« Dec 2020
»
M
T
W
T
F
S
S
30
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
1
2
3
Trending Articles
Stories of family seekers
Kimchi Girl
Geographical significance
Race and privilege
The original forever war
FooterLegal
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Submission Policy
Sections
Features
Politics
Opinion
Books
Theatre
Film & Dramas
Food & Drink
Music
Creative
Webtoons
Events
Info
About Us
Board of Directors
Staff
Awards
Follow
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
RSS Feed
More
Advertise
Subscribe
Donate
Contact Us
Leak to Us
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settings ACCEPT Privacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non Necessary
non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Save & Accept