http://www.winningpost.com.au/wp/privacy
Friday December 11
Home
Form
Tipsters
Downloads
Contact Us
Podcast
Privacy Policy - Winning Post
This Privacy Policy applies to all personal information collected by Racing Victoria Limited (ACN 096 917 930) trading as Winning Post (Winning Post) in the operation of its Winning Post website.
This Privacy Policy will be reviewed regularly, and may be updated from time to time and published on the Winning Post website - www.winningpost.com.au/privacy (Website). Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective once published on the Website.
Part A: Accessing the Website
This Privacy Policy only applies to the personal information collected by Winning Post.
The Website contains links to Club and industry related websites (set out in Part G), amongst others. Please note that these Club and industry related websites have their own privacy policies and are not subject to this Privacy Policy.
The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to outline:
the kind of information that Winning Post may collect about you, how it is collected and how it is held by Winning Post;
the purposes for which Winning Post collects, holds, uses and discloses personal information;
how Winning Post may disclose that information;
how an individual can access the information held about him or her and seek correction of such information (if required);
when Winning Post may use an individual's information to contact them; and
the protection of an individual's personal information.
Winning Post will only collect personal information or sensitive information that it reasonably requires in order to carry out its functions and activities. This Privacy Policy applies to all personal information collected by Winning Post, whether Winning Post has asked for the information or not.
Winning Post abides by the Australian Privacy Principles (APPs) under the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (Privacy Act). Further information in relation to Winning Post' Privacy Policy can be obtained by contacting its Privacy Officer.
Part B: How to contact us about privacy
Your privacy is very important to us. For that reason, please read the following details carefully and contact the Winning Post Privacy Officer if you have any questions.
Winning Post Privacy Officer contact details:
Address: 	400 Epsom Road, Flemington, Victoria, 3031
Telephone:	(03) 9258 4258
Email: 	privacyofficer@racingvictoria.net.au
Complaints
If you are concerned about a possible interference with your privacy, please contact the Privacy Officer and Winning Post will investigate the matter. Complaints to Winning Post must be made in writing. If you do not receive a response within 30 days or your concern is not resolved to your satisfaction, you can refer the matter to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC).
Before you can lodge a complaint with the OAIC, you will generally need to complain directly to Winning Post. Details on how to lodge a complaint with OAIC are set out on the OAIC's website at http://www.oaic.gov.au/privacy/making-a-privacy-complaint.
The OAIC can also be contacted on 1300 363 992.
For further information in relation to 'Access to Personal Information and Correction' please refer to Part F below.
Part C: Winning Post's Purpose and Collection of Information
Winning Post collects information about you to enable it to perform its business activities and functions and to provide the best possible quality of customer service.
Winning Post's functions and activities include:
production of a quality thoroughbred racing industry, tipping and betting publication and website;
provision of news and information related to the thoroughbred racing industry including race form and tips;
targeted promotion of industry related events, promotions and competitions;
provision of aggregated data, industry related communications and a news service;
advertising services; and
hosting competitions and promotions.
Personal Information
Personal information is information or an opinion about an identified individual or an individual who is reasonably identifiable, whether true or not, and whether recorded in a material form or not. Personal information includes information such as:
an individual's name or address;
an individual's date of birth; or
information about an individual's opinions, likes and dislikes.
Winning Post will not collect personal information unless collection of such information is reasonably necessary to enable Winning Post to carry out one or more of its functions and/or activities.
Solicited Information
Winning Post holds and uses personal information about its customers. Typically this information includes a person's name, email address, mobile number, date of birth, gender, post code or any other required information.
This information is needed to maintain Winning Post's records in a format that identifies the person. These records are held by Winning Post for the purposes of enabling Winning Post to carry out its functions and activities.
Information is collected from the individual unless it is unreasonable or impracticable to do so.
Winning Post may collect personal information from an individual in the course of an individual's visit to the Website where that individual inputs personal information, which includes but is not limited to situations, where an individual:
registers to become a subscriber to Winning Post including to its race form, newsletters and/or communications;
enters a competition or participates in a promotion;
posts comments on the Website or any of Winning Posts social networking sites including Facebook and Twitter; or
becomes an advertiser.
Please note that comments posted on the Website or any of Winning Posts social networking sites that are therefore published on the Website and social network sites and accessible to the public, may contain your name and be displayed in search results on external world wide web search engines.
An individual may have the option of interacting on the Website on an anonymous basis. Please note that Winning Post will place, use and read cookies and action tags from the computers of individuals that access the Website and record information about those computers, devices and browsers, which enables Winning Post to tell when a person uses a Website and also helps customise an individual's Website experience. If an individual does not wish to receive cookies, it is that individual's responsibility to set his or her browser to provide that the computer does not accept the cookies.
The purposes for which Winning Post collects personal information include:
measure and improve the services and features of the Website in order to provide the individual with the best service experience possible on the Website;
promoting the thoroughbred racing industry;
conducting competitions and promotions; and
providing services related to the thoroughbred racing industry such as publication, delivery or dissemination of industry related news.
Sensitive Information
Sensitive information is a subset of personal information that is generally afforded a higher level of privacy protection. Examples include information about an individual's:
racial or ethnic origin;
health or medical information;
membership of a political association, professional or trade association or trade union;
criminal record; or
genetic information.
Winning Post will not collect sensitive information unless the individual has consented to the collection of that information or the collection is required or authorised by law.
Part D: How information is held by Winning Post and who has access to it
Winning Post has commercially reasonable processes in place to ensure the security of an individual's personal information, including encryption of all data when it is transferred to Winning Post's service providers and limitations on access to personal information within Winning Post.
Only certain Winning Post and Racing Victoria employees, being those required to have access to personal information so that Winning Post is able to carry out its functions and activities will have access to information held by Winning Post, in order to protect the information from:
(a) misuse, interference and loss; and
(b) unauthorised access, modification or disclosure.
Authorised Winning Post and Racing Victoria employees will require a password to access Winning Post's database, where the information is held.
If Winning Post no longer requires any information for any purpose for which the information may be used or disclosed in accordance with this Privacy Policy, Winning Post will take such steps as are reasonable in the circumstances to destroy the information or to ensure that the information is de-identified.
Part E: Use and Disclosure of Personal Information
Winning Post may use or disclose personal information for the purpose for which it was collected and for other purposes permitted by the Privacy Act, including where:
the individual has consented; or
the individual would reasonably expect Winning Post to use or disclose the information for that other purpose, in circumstances where it is:
(sensitive information) directly related to the purpose for which it was collected; or
(personal information) related to the purpose for which it was collected;
the information is provided to Winning Post's existing or potential business partners or joint venture entities;
use or disclosure is authorised by law or a court/tribunal order; or
Winning Post reasonably believes that use or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary for one or more enforcement related activities conducted by, or on behalf of, an enforcement body, as defined in the Privacy Act.
It is not likely that Winning Post will disclose information to overseas recipients.
Winning Post may disclose your personal information to third parties for the following purposes:
to provide the service you wish to use;
for research purposes relating to the thoroughbred racing industry;
to customise and promote services and events related to the thoroughbred racing industry which may be of interest to you;
if authorised or required by law;
with your consent;
as required for integrity purposes; and/or
as otherwise required to enable Winning Post to fulfil it functions and activities as outlined in Part C.
When personal information is disclosed to third parties, appropriate care is taken to ensure the information is protected from misuse.
Direct marketing
Winning Post may disclose personal information (not sensitive information) to third parties for the purposes of direct marketing services related to the thoroughbred racing industry. An individual will be able to opt-out of direct marketing at any time if he or she chooses, by selecting the unsubscribe or opt out function at the bottom of a communication or in the absence of such a function by notifying the Privacy Officer in writing to privacyofficer@racingvictoria.net.au.
Winning Post will not use or disclose personal information about an individual for the purpose of direct marketing, unless:
Winning Post collected the information directly from the individual;
the individual would reasonably expect Winning Post to use or disclose the personal information for that purpose; and
the individual has not opted out of receiving direct marketing.
Disclosure
Winning Post may disclose personal information to any third party engaged as service and content providers who may be required to assist in the operation of the Website.
Winning Post will only disclose personal information to an unrelated third party (being a party not related to the thoroughbred racing industry) with the individual's consent.
Transfer out of Australia
Website: not applicable - the Website is hosted in Australia.
Journalism
Where applicable, the collection and handling of personal information collected by Winning Post in its role as a media organisation in the course of journalism/provision of the news service, is not covered under this Privacy Policy. Personal information collected in the course of journalism activities will be handled in accordance with the Australian Press Council's Privacy Standards.
Part F: Access to Personal Information and Correction
A person can access his or her own personal information by contacting the Winning Post Privacy Officer. The Winning Post Privacy Officer will respond within a reasonable period after the request is made. In order to access your personal information, you will be required to provide proof of identity.
In some circumstances, a fee may apply.
Winning Post will endeavour to take reasonable steps to ensure that the information it holds is accurate, up to date and complete. If the information held by Winning Post is inaccurate, incomplete or not up to date, the individual may request that Winning Post corrects the information.
There are some circumstances in which Winning Post is entitled to deny a person access to information, in part or full. These include, amongst others, circumstances where:
Winning Post believes that giving access would pose a serious threat to the life, health or safety of any individual, or to public health or public safety;
giving access would have an unreasonable impact on the privacy of other individuals;
the request for access is frivolous or vexatious;
the information relates to existing or anticipated legal proceedings between Winning Post and the individual, and would not be accessible by the process of discovery in those proceedings;
giving access would reveal evaluative information generated within Winning Post in connection with a commercially sensitive decision-making process;
giving access would be likely to prejudice one or more enforcement related activities conducted by, or on behalf of an enforcement body;
giving access would be unlawful (for example, if providing the information would amount to a breach of legal professional privilege or a breach of confidence); or
denying access is required or authorised by or under an Australian law or a court/tribunal order.
If any request for access to information is to be denied in part or full or not provided in the manner requested by an individual, Winning Post will give the individual a written notice, setting out, amongst others, the reasons for the refusal except to the extent that, having regard to the grounds for the refusal, it would be unreasonable to do so.
Part G: Club, Betting Partner and Affiliate websites
The Website may also contain links to other websites, including the following, which have their own privacy policies. Users that visit these websites should refer to their separate privacy policies. As stated above in Part A, only the Website is subject to this Privacy Policy.
Clubs (and industry related organisations):
Racing.com - www.racing.com
Country Racing Victoria - www.countryracing.com.au
Melbourne Racing Club - www.mrc.racing.com
Racing Victoria - www.rv.racing.com
Victoria Racing Club - www.flemington.com.au
Today's Racing
Paul Richards introduces a fun formula each week designed to come up with the odd winner for those looking for a small interest or to see if systems really work. On this page he subjects Saturday's fields to one of those systems:
Loading...
© 2020 Racing Victoria Limited.
All rights reserved.
Privacy
Terms of Access
Responsible Wagering