http://www.ftc.gov/tips-advice/business-center/legal-resources
Skip navigation
You are hereHome » Tips & Advice » Business Center » Legal Resources
Legal Resources
Use the filters to find legal resources like cases, reports, staff opinions, and events. You can sort by topic, type or industry.Displaying 1 - 50 of 2441
Pages1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
…
next ›
last »
Case: Traffic Jam Events, LLC, In the Matter of
November 20, 2020
The Federal Trade Commission has issued an administrative complaint against a marketer, Traffic Jam Events, LLC, and its owner, David J. Jeansonne II, charging multiple counts of deceptive conduct. The administrative complaint mirrors a prior federal court complaint, which the Commission...
Case: Thomas Dluca, et al. (Bitcoin Funding Team)
November 4, 2020
The FTC reached settlements with the promoters of recruitment-based cryptocurrency schemes.
Public Statement: International Institute of Health, also d/b/a Doc of Detox (Black Gold humic acid supplement)
October 23, 2020
Type of Public Statement:
Staff Letter
Public Statement: Hypernaturals LLC (Optimmuner Plus dietary supplement)
October 22, 2020
Type of Public Statement:
Staff Letter
Closing Letter: Keen Pump Company, Inc.
October 21, 2020
Case: Marc Ching, In the Matter of
October 19, 2020
In response to an FTC complaint, in April 2020, a California-based marketer of a supplement consisting mainly of Vitamin C and herbal extracts has agreed to a preliminary order barring him from claiming that it is effective at treating, preventing, or reducing the risk of COVID-19. Pending the...
Public Statement: Little Spoon, Inc. (Little Spoon baby food)
October 8, 2020
Type of Public Statement:
Staff Letter
Closing Letter: Sunex International, Inc.
October 1, 2020
Closing Letter: Zoeller Pump Company, LLC
October 1, 2020
Closing Letter: American Crafts, L.C.
October 1, 2020
Case: Ponte Investments, LLC
September 25, 2020
A Rhode Island company and its owner will be permanently prohibited from misrepresenting they are affiliated with the U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) as part of a settlement resolving Federal Trade Commission charges they misled consumers in the early days of the coronavirus pandemic...
Case: Renaissance Health Publishing, LLC
September 24, 2020
A Florida-based company that has promoted its Isoprex supplement to older adults as a miracle cure for pain and joint inflammation has agreed to a settlement with the FTC that bars the company from continuing to make its unproven claims. In September 2020, the FTC announced it was sending refunds...
Case: The Western Union Company
September 23, 2020
Approximately $147 million is being mailed to 33,000 consumers in the second distribution of refunds resulting from the law enforcement actions brought against Western Union by the Federal Trade Commission (FTC), the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ), and the U.S. Postal Inspection Service. Affected...
Case: Educare Centre Services, Inc.
September 22, 2020
Globex Telecom, Inc. and an affiliated company will pay a total of $1.9 million to settle Federal Trade Commission and State of Ohio charges that they facilitated a scheme that peddled bogus credit card interest rate relief, illegally charging consumers millions of dollars. The settlement marks the...
Public Statement: GeerPres, Inc. (ADVANTAX microfiber mop pads)
September 21, 2020
Type of Public Statement:
Staff Letter
Case: Outreach Calling, Inc.
September 16, 2020
A sprawling fundraising operation that allegedly scammed consumers out of millions of dollars will be permanently banned from charitable fundraising along with its owner and others involved in its operation as a result of a lawsuit brought by the Federal Trade Commission and Attorneys General of...
Case: Age of Learning, Inc. (ABCmouse)
September 8, 2020
Online children’s education company Age of Learning, Inc., which operates ABCmouse, will pay $10 million and change its negative option marketing and billing practices to settle Federal Trade Commission charges that it made misrepresentations about cancellations and failed to disclose important...
Public Statement: Matherson Organics, LLC d/b/a Vitamin Bounty (Elderberry Immune Support dietary supplement)
August 28, 2020
Type of Public Statement:
Staff Letter
Case: Pointbreak Media, LLC
August 18, 2020
At the FTC’s request, in May 2019 a U.S. district court in Florida granted summary judgment against two individuals, approved six settlement agreements involving 11 defendants, and entered a default judgment against the remaining seven defendants, officially ending the massive Pointbreak Media...
Public Event: Reviewing the Franchise Rule: An FTC Workshop
August 13, 2020
The Federal Trade Commission will host an online public workshop on Nov. 10, 2020 to explore a number of issues related to the FTC’s Franchise Rule, and the comments received in response to the FTC’s request for comment about the Rule last year. Specifically, the workshop topics will include...
Case: Yellowstone Capital LLC, FTC v.
August 3, 2020
A leading provider of merchant cash advances used deception to lure small business customers, then regularly withdrew money from their accounts without consent even after the customers had repaid the money they owed, according to a Federal Trade Commission lawsuit. The FTC’s complaint against...
Case: MyLife.com, Inc.
July 27, 2020
The Department of Justice on behalf of the Federal Trade Commission sued MyLife.com, Inc. and its CEO Jeffrey Tinsley over allegations they deceived consumers with “teaser background reports” that often falsely claimed to include information about arrest, criminal, and sex offender records, and...
Closing Letter: The Mane Choice Hair Solution, LLC
July 23, 2020
Case: Williams-Sonoma, Inc., In the Matter of
July 16, 2020
Home products and kitchen wares company Williams-Sonoma, Inc. has agreed to stop making false, misleading, or unsubstantiated claims that all of its Goldtouch Bakeware products, its Rejuvenation-branded products, and Pottery Barn Teen and Pottery Barn Kids-branded upholstered furniture products are...
Case: Ortho-Clinical Diagnostics, Inc., In the Matter of
July 13, 2020
Ortho-Clinical Diagnostics, Inc., settled Federal Trade Commission allegations that the company misled consumers about its participation in the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield framework.
Case: American Student Loan Consolidators LLC
July 9, 2020
In December 2018, the operators of a student loan debt relief scheme agreed to pay approximately $1.3 million to settle Federal Trade Commission allegations that they pretended to be affiliated with the U.S. Department of Education or with consumers’ loan servicers, and tricked consumers into...
Case: NTT Global Data Centers Americas, Inc., In the Matter of
July 9, 2020
The FTC sued RagingWire Data Centers, Inc. over allegations that the company misled consumers about its participation in the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield framework and failed to adhere to the program’s requirements before allowing its certification to lapse. A proposed consent agreement that would settle...
Public Statement: Charter Communications, Inc. (Spectrum Mobile)
July 9, 2020
Type of Public Statement:
Staff Letter
Closing Letter: Relion Group, Inc.
July 8, 2020
Case: Miniclip, In the Matter of
July 6, 2020
In May 2020, the Commission accepted for public comment a proposed consent agreement to resolve allegations that Miniclip S.A. violated Section 5 of the FTC Act by misrepresenting its status in a Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”) safe harbor program.
Public Statement: Ceres Turf, Inc. (Miniquad turf aeration tines)
July 6, 2020
Type of Public Statement:
Staff Letter
Closing Letter: Electric Bike Company, LLC
July 2, 2020
Closing Letter: Bihler of America, Inc.
June 24, 2020
Case: Triangle Media Corporation
June 22, 2020
The operators of a worldwide negative option scam have agreed to settle FTC charges that they deceptively advertised “risk-free” trial offers for only the cost of shipping and handling, but then charged consumers full price for the trial product and enrolled them in expensive, ongoing continuity...
Case: Traffic Jam Events, LLC
June 17, 2020
The Federal Trade Commission took action to halt a scheme that allegedly deceived consumers with mailers supposedly directing them how to obtain federal COVID-19 stimulus benefits, which instead lured them to a used car sale. The mailers sent by Traffic Jam Events, LLC and its owner, David J...
Closing Letter: Merrill Manufacturing Co.
June 16, 2020
Public Statement: Capillus, LLC (Capillus 82 laser hair cap)
June 16, 2020
Type of Public Statement:
Staff Letter
BY: Jon Miller
Case: Kohl's Department Stores, Inc.
June 10, 2020
Kohl’s Department Stores, Inc. agreed to pay a civil penalty of $220,000 to settle Federal Trade Commission allegations that the retailer violated the Fair Credit Reporting Act by refusing to provide complete records of transactions to consumers whose personal information was used by identity...
Case: Madera Merchant Services, LLC
June 9, 2020
In their complaint against Madera Merchant Services and B&P Enterprises, the Federal Trade Commission and the Ohio Attorney General allege that the companies generated and processed remotely created payment orders (RCPOs) or checks that allowed many unscrupulous merchants, including deceptive...
Case: Quantum Wellness Botanical Institute, LLC
June 1, 2020
In January 2020, the sellers of a pill called ReJuvenation settled FTC charges that they deceptively claimed that their product is a virtual cure-all for age-related ailments—including cell damage, heart attack damage, brain damage, blindness, and deafness. The orders settling the FTC’s complaint...
Case: LendEDU, et al., In the Matter of
May 28, 2020
The FTC entered into a settlement with the operators of LendEDU.com to resolve allegations that LendEDU falsely claimed that the website provided “objective,” “accurate,” and “unbiased” information about consumer financial products, such as student loans, personal loans, and credit cards, when in...
Case: Bronx Honda
May 27, 2020
New York City car dealer Bronx Honda and its general manager, Carlo Fittanto, will pay $1.5 million to settle Federal Trade Commission charges they discriminated against African-American and Hispanic car buyers and engaged in numerous other illegal business practices. According to the FTC’s...
Case: NatureCity, LLC
May 26, 2020
In October 2019, the Florida-based marketers and sellers of two aloe vera-based supplements agreed to settle FTC charges that they deceived consumers with false and unsupported claims that two products, TrueAloe and AloeCran, were effective treatments for a range of conditions affecting seniors,...
Closing Letter: IRIS USA, Inc.
May 21, 2020
Case: Zurixx, LLC
May 20, 2020
A federal court has entered a stipulated preliminary injunction against Utah-based Zurixx, LLC and affiliated companies, which the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) and the Utah Division of Consumer Protection (DCP) allege have used deceptive promises of big profits to lure consumers into real estate...
Case: Tapplock, Inc., In the Matter of
May 20, 2020
Tapplock settled FTC allegations that it deceived consumers by falsely claiming that its Internet-connected smart locks were designed to be “unbreakable” and that it took reasonable steps to secure the data it collected from users.
Case: I Works, Inc., et al.
May 18, 2020
The Federal Trade Commission is sending full refunds - totaling more than $12 million - to individuals who lost money to a company called I Works, which operated deceptive "trial" memberships and bogus government-grant and money-making schemes in 2010.
Closing Letter: Globetech Manufacturing Inc.
May 15, 2020
Case: iBackPack of Texas, LLC
May 11, 2020
Douglas Monahan, operating through his company, iBackPack of Texas, LLC, settled Federal Trade Commission allegations that he operated a deceptive crowdfunding scheme that used contributors’ funds on himself rather than to deliver the high-tech backpack he promised.
Case: AH Media Group, LLC
May 8, 2020
In September 2019, the operators of a deceptive negative option scheme agreed to a court-ordered preliminary injunction temporarily barring them from a wide range of conduct. The preliminary injunction stops the defendants from misleading consumers about supposedly “free trial” offers, enrolling...
Pages1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
…
next ›
last »
Business Center
Advertising & Marketing
Credit & Finance
Guidance
Privacy & Security
Selected Industries
Protecting Small Businesses
Legal Resources
Business Blog
Filters
Title keyword
Type
- Any -Advisory OpinionAdvocacy FilingAmicus BriefCaseClosing LetterCommission Decision VolumeFederal Register NoticePress ReleasePublic Comment InitiativePublic EventPublic StatementReportRule Summary
Topic
- Any -Advertising and Marketing  -Advertising and Marketing Basics  -Children  -Endorsements, Influencers, and Reviews  -Environmental Marketing  -Health Claims  -Made in USA  -Online Advertising and Marketing  -TelemarketingCredit and Finance  -Credit and Loans  -Debt  -Debt Collection  -FinTech  -Mortgages  -Payments and BillingPrivacy and Security  -Children's Privacy  -Consumer Privacy  -Credit Reporting  -Data Security  -Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act  -Red Flags Rule  -Privacy Shield  -U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework  -TechSelf-RegulationSmall Business
Industry
- Any -AlcoholAppliancesAutomobilesClothing and TextilesFinanceFranchises, Business Opportunities, and InvestmentsFuneralsHuman ResourcesJewelryNon-ProfitsReal Estate and MortgagesTobacco
Start date
Date
E.g., December 10, 2020
End date
Date
E.g., December 10, 2020
Sort by
Most recentAlphabetical
Utility menuContact
Stay Connected
Privacy Policy
FTC en español
About the FTC
What We Do
Our History
Commissioners
Bureaus & Offices
Biographies
Budgets
Performance
Office of Inspector General
FOIA
Careers at the FTC
Office of EEO and Workplace Inclusion
News & Events
Press Releases
Commission Actions
Media Resources
Events Calendar
Speeches
Audio/Video
Social Media
Blogs
Contests
Enforcement
Cases and Proceedings
Data and Visualizations
Premerger Notification Program
Merger Review
Anticompetitive Practices
Rules
Statutes
Guidance Documents
Warning Letters
Consumer Sentinel Network
Criminal Liaison Unit
Policy
Advocacy
Advisory Opinions
Cooperation Agreements
Federal Register Notices
Reports
Public Comments
Studies
Testimony
Policy Statements
International
Hearings on Competition & Consumer Protection
Tips & Advice
For Consumers
For Military Consumers
Business Center
Competition Guidance
I Would Like To...
Report Fraud to the FTC
Apply for a Refund in an FTC Case
Report Identity Theft
List a Number on the National Do Not Call Registry
Get a Free Copy of My Credit Report
File a Comment
Report An Antitrust Violation
File Documents in Adjudicative Proceedings
Site Information
Privacy Policy
Website Policy
No FEAR Act
USA.gov
Accessibility
Digital Government Strategy
Open Government
Information Quality
Small Business Non-Retaliation Policy
Federal Trade CommissionHeadquarters:
600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
Washington, DC 20580Contact Us
FacebookTwitterYouTubeLinkedInStay Connected
Stay Connected with the FTC