https://www.columbian.com/privacy/
Thursday, December 10, 2020
Dec.
10, 2020
Clark County
Sports
Business
Life
Opinion
Obituaries
Homes
Jobs
More
COVID-19
Weekly Deals
Place an Ad
Classifieds
Printing Services
Legal Notices
Best of Clark County
Movie Listings
Business Directory
×
×
Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement for www.columbian.com
The Columbian Publishing Co. has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this site; www.columbian.com.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is used to help identify you and your shopping cart and to gather broad demographic information.
Our site uses cookies to keep track of your shopping cart. We use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests and to save your password so you don’t have to re-enter it each time you visit our site.
We do not share any personal information we receive from you with any other company, unless you authorize us to do so, such as to diagnose a technical problem.
This site contains links to other sites. www.columbian.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites. Important: This agreement ensures your privacy when subscribing to an online newsletter or in all other dealings with the Internet department. Information gathered when you subscribe to the print version of The Columbian is not covered by this agreement.
This Web site uses services provided by AP News Registry. AP News Registry collects content usage information and may use cookies in conjunction with this activity. Your continued readership of
the Site means you accept the privacy policy of the AP News Registry. Please refer to the AP News Registry privacy policy at http://www.apnewsregistry.com/privacycenter/servicepolicy.aspx for further information.
Questions
This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service.
You can send email to webmaster@columbian.com.
You can send mail to the following postal address:
Online
The Columbian Publishing Co.
P.O. Box 180
Vancouver, WA 98666
Change/Modify
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided.
Email webmaster@columbian.com.
You can send mail to the following postal address:
Online
The Columbian Publishing Co.
P.O. Box 180
Vancouver, WA 98666
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact:
Webmaster
The Columbian Publishing Co.
P.O. Box 180
Vancouver, WA 98666
webmaster@columbian.com
Click here to read the terms of service and user agreement for this site.