http://www.hampshirereview.com/site/privacy.html
Sections
Home
News
Local News
State
Columnists
Opinion
Sports
Local Sports
Schedule
WVU
Outdoors
School
Closings
School Menu
Honor Roll
Classifieds
Auctions
Jobs
Legals
Obituaries
Living
Our Faith
Columnists
Church Directory
Homespun
Datebook
Health
Community
Farm
News
FFA
4-H
Blogs
$5 Dinners
Cosmic Charley
Dr. Universe
Ento Treats
Real Estate
Advertising
Subscription
Print Subscription
Online Subscriptions
e-Edition
Web-Only
Subscription Services
FAQs
Multimedia
HampshireReview.comEffective and Last Updated: April 6, 2011This website is owned and operated by Cornwell and Ailes dba Hampshire Review. We are committed to protecting the privacy of our visitors while they interact with the content, products and services on this site “HampshireReview.com”. This Privacy Policy applies to the Site only. It does not apply to other websites to which we link. Because we gather certain types of information about our users, we want you to understand what information we collect about you, how we collect it, how that information is used, and how you can control our disclosure of it. You agree that your use of the Site signifies your assent to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Site.1) Information CollectedWe collect two types of information from you: i) information that you voluntarily provide to us (e.g. through a voluntary registration process, sign-ups or emails); and ii) information that is derived through automated tracking mechanisms.• Voluntary Registration Information.In order to fully access this Site, you must first complete the registration process, during which we will collect personal information about you. The information will include your name, address, and email address. We do not collect personally identifiable information about you except when you specifically provide such information to us on a voluntary basis.By registering with us, you consent to the use and method of disclosure as described in this Privacy Policy.• Voluntary Information for Services and FeaturesWe collect personally identifiable information when you choose to use certain other features of the Site, including: i) making purchases, ii) consenting to receive email or text messages about upcoming promotions or events, iii) consenting to receive email, iv) participating in our forum, iv) commenting on articles, and others. When you choose to use these additional features, we require you to provide your “Contact Information” in addition to other personal information that may be required to complete a transaction such as your phone number, billing and shipping addresses and credit card information. Occasionally, we may also request information such as your shopping preferences and demographics which will help us better serve you and our others users in the future.• CookiesAlternative 1:A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s computer tied to information about the user. HampshireReview.com uses cookies to store visitor’s preferences and to record session information. We do not and will not use cookies to collect private information from any user that such user did not intentionally submit to us.You may set most browsers to notify you if you receive a cookie, or you may choose to block cookies with your browser, but please note that if you choose to erase or block your cookies, you will need to re-enter your original user ID and password to gain access to certain parts of the Site.2) ReferralsYou may choose to invite friends to join the HampshireReview.com by sending invitation emails via our invite feature. HampshireReview.com stores the email addresses you provide so that the respondents may be added to your social network, confirm orders/purchases and also to send reminders of the invitations. HampshireReview.com does not sell these email addresses or use them to send any other communication besides invitations and invitation reminders. Recipients of invitations may contact [Website Name] to request removal of their information from our database.3) How We Use Your InformationHampshireReview.com only uses your personal information for the original purposes it was given. Your personal information will not be sold or otherwise transferred to unaffiliated third parties without your approval at the time of collection.HampshireReview.com will not disclose, use, give or sell any personal information to third parties for any purposes other than to our suppliers and other third parties who need to know in order to deliver services on behalf of [Website Name]unless required to do so by law. Further, HampshireReview.com reserves the right to contact you regarding matters relevant to the underlying service provided and/or the information collected.Please note that personally identifiable information is used only to provide you with a more enjoyable, convenient online experience and to help us identify and/or provide information, products or services that may be of interest to you. We use your personally identifiable information to support and enhance your use of the Site and its features, including without limitation: fulfilling your order; providing customer service; tracking email invitations you send; and otherwise supporting your use of the Site.HampshireReview.com may use your personal information for target advertising toward you based on things such as region, gender, interests, goals, habits, etc.We may permit certain trusted third parties to track usage, analyze data such as the source address that a page request is coming from, your IP address or domain name, the date and time of the page request, the referring Web site (if any) and other parameters in the URL. This is collected in order to better understand our Web site usage, and enhance the performance of services to maintain and operate the Site and certain features on the Site. We may use third parties to host the Site; operate various features available on the Site; send emails; analyze data; provide search results and links and assist in fulfilling your orders.Also, we may share personally identifiable or other information with our parent, subsidiaries, divisions, and affiliates.We may transfer personally identifiable information as an asset in connection with a proposed or actual merger or sale (including any transfers made as part of an insolvency or bankruptcy proceeding) involving all or part of our business or as part of a corporate reorganization, stock sale or other change in control.HampshireReview.com may disclose Contact Information in special cases where we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating our terms and conditions of use or may be causing injury or interference with our rights, property, our customers or anyone who could be harmed by such activities.WE ARE NOT LIABLE OR RESPONSIBLE FOR THE PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE OR OTHER INFORMATION YOU CHOOSE TO SUBMIT IN FORUMS SUCH AS A BULLETIN BOARD, CHAT ROOM OR ANY OTHER PUBLICLY ACCESSIBLE AREA OF THE SITE.You will receive notice when your personally identifiable information might be provided to any third party for any reason other than as set forth in this Privacy Policy, and you will have an opportunity to request that we not share such information.We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and for business and administrative purposes. We may also use or share with third parties for any purpose aggregated data that contains no personally identifiable information.4) How We Protect Your InformationWe are committed to protecting the information we receive from you. We take appropriate security measures to protect your information against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we maintain appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information and data stored on our system. While no computer system is completely secure, we believe the measures we have implemented reduce the likelihood of security problems to a level appropriate to the type of data involved.5) Third Party AdvertisingAdvertisements appearing on this Site may be delivered to you by HampshireReview.com or one of our Web advertising partners. Our Web advertising partners may set cookies. Doing this allows the advertising partners to recognize your computer each time they send you an advertisement. In this way, they may compile information about where you, or others who are using your computer, saw their advertisements and determine which advertisements are clicked. This information allows an advertising partner to deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. HampshireReview.com does not have access to or control of the cookies that may be placed by the third party advertising servers of ad partners.This privacy statement covers the use of cookies by HampshireReview.com and does not cover the use of cookies by any of its advertisers.6) Accessing and Updating Your Personal Information and PreferencesWe provide mechanisms for updating and correcting your personal information for many of our services. You may modify or remove any of your personal information at any time by logging into your account and accessing features such as edit and account.7) Email Choice/Opt-outIf you no longer wish to receive updates or notifications may opt-out of receiving these communications by changing your “email notification” settings in your “account settings.”6) Accessing and Updating Your Personal Information and PreferencesWe provide mechanisms for updating and correcting your personal information for many of our services. If you are a registered user, you may access and update your registration information and your preferences to receive email or other communications from us by sending an email to internet@HampshireReview.com.7) Email Choice/Opt-outIf any user who receives an email from the Site and would prefer not to receive such communications in the future, [he or she] can do so by following the instructions in the emails. In addition, you may send an email to  internet@HampshireReview.com.  We will make commercially reasonable efforts to implement your opt-out requests promptly, but you may still receive communications from us for up to ten business days as we process your request.8) Children’s Privacy and Parental ControlsWe do not solicit any personal information from children. If you are not 18 or older, you are not authorized to use the Site. Parents should be aware that there are parental control tools available online that can be used to prevent children from submitting information online without parental permission or from accessing material that is harmful to minors.9) Disclaimer to SecurityBy consenting to the Terms and Conditions of the Site and hence the Privacy Policy, you consent that no data transmission over the Internet is completely secure. We cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you provide to us and you transmit such information to us at your own risk.10) Notification of ChangesHampshireReview.com reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time at its sole discretion. If at some point in the future, there is a change to our Privacy Policy, unless we obtain your express consent, such change will only apply to information collected after the revised Privacy Policy took effect. Your continued use of the Site indicates your assent to the Privacy Policy as posted.11) CONTACT INFORMATION:If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy please contact:HampshireReview.com74 W. Main St.Romney, WV 26757
0:31
Multimedia
Ecumenical PSA for churches
Updated
Aug 28, 2020
Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
SMS
Email
The West Virginia Council of Churches released a public service announcement encouraging the use of face masks, handwashing, and physical distancing to help prevent the spread of the coronavirus.
Podcasts
Update Required
To play the media you will need to either update your browser to a recent version or update your Flash plugin.
From Our Weekender Advertisers
Christmas Festival of Lights Fund Drive
Hope Christian Church, Augusta
Special Sections
Hunting
Hunting
Fall Home Improvement
Fall Home Improvement
Back to School
Back to School
Getaway
Getaway
Latest News
COVID claims 5th Hampshire life
2 more COVID outbreaks hit county
Romney, CB and Augusta schools see additional cases
Fall gobbler harvest dips
Consistently Inconsistent
Christmas Festival of Lights
Back in sports
Schedules revised by the WVSSAC
Most Popular
Articles
Images
Videos
Commented
ArticlesWinter and spring sports schedules revised by the WVSSACSchool staff in Romney, CB test positive for virus2 more COVID outbreaks hit countyRomney, CB and Augusta schools see additional casesCOVID claims 5th Hampshire lifeMore positives at Hampshire CenterDennis G. LargentMaxine W. ClowerLinda Lou (Haines) DavisCOVID outbreak at HMH long-term care
Images
VideosSorry, there are no recent results for popular videos.
CommentedLavinia ‘Vini’ Schoene (1)
Follow us on Facebook
HampshireReview
Follow us on Twitter
Tweets by HampshireReview
Newsletters
Success! An email has been sent to
with a link to confirm list signup.
Error! There was an error processing your request.
Breaking News & Review Update
Get Breaking News as it happens and our weekly newsletter for upcoming news, events and more. Sign up today!
Manage your lists