https://www.mtairynews.com/privacy-statement-us
Jobs
E-Edition
Classifieds
Subscribe
Manage My Subscription
Sign Up For Notices
Android App
iOS App
Facebook
Twitter
December 11, 2020
Search for:
HomePrivacy statement (US)
This privacy statement was last changed on June 19, 2020, last checked on June 19, 2020, and applies to citizens of the United States.In this privacy statement, we explain what we do with the data we obtain about you via https://www.mtairynews.com. We recommend you carefully read this statement. In our processing we comply with the requirements of privacy legislation. That means, among other things, that:
we clearly state the purposes for which we process personal data. We do this by means of this privacy statement;
we aim to limit our collection of personal data to only the personal data required for legitimate purposes;
we first request your explicit consent to process your personal data in cases requiring your consent;
we take appropriate security measures to protect your personal data and also require this from parties that process personal data on our behalf;
we respect your right to access your personal data or have it corrected or deleted, at your request.
If you have any questions, or want to know exactly what data we keep of you, please contact us.1. Purpose and categories of dataCategories of personal information to be collected and the purpose for which the categories shall be used.1.1 We use your data for the following purpose:Contact – Through phone, mail, email and/or webformsThe following categories of data is collectedA first and last nameA home or other physical address, including street name and name of a city or townAn email addressA telephone number1.2 We use your data for the following purpose:Registering an accountThe following categories of data is collectedA first and last nameAccount name or aliasA home or other physical address, including street name and name of a city or townAn email addressA telephone number1.3 We use your data for the following purpose:NewslettersThe following categories of data is collectedAn email address1.4 We use your data for the following purpose:To support services or products that a customer wants to buy or has purchasedThe following categories of data is collectedA first and last nameAccount name or aliasA home or other physical address, including street name and name of a city or townAn email addressA telephone number1.5 We use your data for the following purpose:To be able to comply with legal obligationsThe following categories of data is collectedA first and last nameA home or other physical address, including street name and name of a city or townAn email addressA telephone number2. Sharing with other partiesWe only share or disclose this data to other recipients for the following purposes:We disclose personal information if we are required by law or by a court order, in response to a law enforcement agency, to the extent permitted under other provisions of law, to provide information, or for an investigation on a matter related to public safety.3. How we respond to Do Not Track signalsOur website responds to and supports the Do Not Track (DNT) header request field. If you turn DNT on in your browser, those preferences are communicated to us in the HTTP request header, and we will not track your browsing behavior.4. CookiesOur website uses cookies. For more information about cookies, please refer to our Cookie Statement on our Cookie Policy (US) webpage. We have concluded a data processing agreement with Google.Google may not use the data for any other Google services.5. SecurityWe are committed to the security of personal data. We take appropriate security measures to limit abuse of and unauthorised access to personal data. This ensures that only the necessary persons have access to your data, that access to the data is protected, and that our security measures are regularly reviewed.6. Third party websitesThis privacy statement does not apply to third party websites connected by links on our website. We cannot guarantee that these third parties handle your personal data in a reliable or secure manner. We recommend you read the privacy statements of these websites prior to making use of these websites.7. Amendments to this privacy statementWe reserve the right to make amendments to this privacy statement. It is recommended that you consult this privacy statement regularly in order to be aware of any changes. In addition, we will actively inform you wherever possible.8. Accessing and modifying your dataIf you have any questions or want to know which personal data we have about you, please contact us. Please make sure to always clearly state who you are, so that we can be certain that we do not modify or delete any data of the wrong person. We shall provide the requested information only upon receipt of a verifiable consumer request. You can contact us by using the information below. You have the following rights:8.1 You have the following rights with respect to your personal data
You may submit a request for access to the data we process about you.
You may object to the processing.
You may request an overview, in a commonly used format, of the data we process about you.
You may request correction or deletion of the data if it is incorrect or not or no longer relevant, or to ask to restrict the processing of the data..
9. ChildrenOur website is not designed to attract children and it is not our intent to collect personal data from children under the age of consent in their country of residence. We therefore request that children under the age of consent do not submit any personal data to us.10. Contact detailsAdams Media
319 North Renfro Street
Mount Airy, NC
27030
United States
Website: https://www.mtairynews.com
Email: shurley@mtairynews.com
Phone number: 336-786-4141AnnexReally Simple SSL
Really Simple SSL and Really Simple SSL add-ons do not process any personal identifiable information, so the GDPR does not apply to these plugins or usage of these plugins on your website. You can find our privacy policy here.
Weathermount airy weekly forecast
Advertisement
Video
Advertisement
Circulars
National Video
Advertisement
Poll
Advertisement
Terms Of Use
Cookie Policy (US)
Privacy statement (US)
Disclaimer
© 2018 The Mount Airy News