http://www.cwa-union.org/pages/privacy_policy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY NOTICE FOR CWA WEBSITES AND MOBILE APPLICATIONS
Effective April 11, 2014
CWA has created this privacy notice to explain how we use information that you may provide while visiting our website and to demonstrate our firm commitment to Internet privacy. CWA may modify this policy from time to time so we encourage you to check this page when revisiting this website.
The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website. The type and amount of information received depends on how you use the site.
Website Usage/Information Collection
When you visit the CWA website, we automatically obtain information from you about the name of your Internet service provider, the browser and type of computer you are using, the website that referred you to us, the pages you request and the date and time of those requests. We use this information on an aggregate basis to generate statistics and measure site activity to improve the usefulness of the site to our visitors. For example, we use this information to track which pages are most popular among visitors as a whole. We do not track the pages you or any individual visitor may look at during a visit to our site and we do not collect any other information without your knowledge and permission. We do not collect or store personally identifiable information, such as your name, mailing address, e-mail address or phone number, unless you provide that information.
Collection of Personally Identifiable Information
CWA provides web forms so you may provide your contact information to engage in CWA activities such as online activism (i.e., contact Congress), to place orders for products or services or to correspond with CWA. Any information we collect, such as your name, mailing address, e-mail address, type of request you are making and any additional information you provide, is collected and stored by CWA. The information is used to fulfill your request and track aggregate information about usage of these features. CWA makes every effort to ensure the secure collection and transmission of your sensitive information using industry accepted data collection and encryption methodologies, such as SSL (Secure Sockets Layer).
SPECIAL NOTICE FOR PARENTS
CWA does not collect, use or distribute children's personally identifiable information to any third parties. We want to help you guard your children's privacy. We encourage you to talk to your children about safe and responsible use of their personal information while using the Internet. When using our apps or websites, please do not enter names, ages, or other personal information of individuals under age 14. If you have any reservations, questions or concerns about your child's access to this site or how information that your child provides is used by us, please contact us.
CWA's Sharing of Personally Identifiable Information
CWA may share personal information with other labor organizations if we believe you would be interested in receiving communications from these organizations, for example, the AFL-CIO, Union Privilege, or your Local Union.
We also provide personal information for third parties on a completely confidential basis to enable a third party to perform certain tasks, such as maintain a membership database or send E-mail alerts and/or newsletters, on our behalf. These third party providers are committed to protecting the privacy of our members and subscribers, and will not utilize your information for any other purpose but to provide the services which we contract for.
The CWA website will not post your personal contact information, including e-mail address, street address and phone numbers, without your consent. Without such consent, website staff will withhold posting personal contact information for that individual.
Financial Information and Payments
We use a secure server for processing payments and financial information. CWA staff retrieve the encrypted information from the secure site and transmits it to the bank via the software that the bank provides for this purpose. CWA does not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user. The CWA website uses a cookie for measuring aggregate web statistics, including number of monthly visitors, number of repeat visitors, most popular Web pages and other information. CWA will also use cookies to facilitate your online visit by maintaining data that you provide for online activism activities so that you will not need to resubmit certain information. CWA does not use cookies to track what specific pages an individual site visitor views.
Geolocation Data
If you choose to provide location data via a location-based service feature on our website or to enable location services for a CWA mobile application we may collect and use location data as you provide, or as sent from your device, to provide and improve location-based products and services. For mobile applications, you can turn off this functionality at any time by disabling location services in the settings for the application on your device. Note that some parts of the mobile application may not function properly if location services are disabled.
Opting Out of E-mail Lists
People who subscribe to e-mail lists via the website will receive periodic updates from CWA by regular mail, fax or e-mail. You may opt out of receiving future information via e-mail by using the unsubscribe procedure specified on the e-mail message.
Outside Links
This site contains hypertext links to other sites. CWA is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site, and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this website.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. We use Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption to protect the transmission of information you submit to us when you use our secure online forms. You are on a secure page when the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer become locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when you are just "surfing."
If you send us an e-mail, you should know that e-mail is not necessarily secure against interception. So, if your communication includes sensitive information like your bank account, charge card, or social security number, and you prefer not to use one of our secure online complaint forms, contact us by mail or by telephone rather than by e-mail.
Corrections/Updating Personal Information
If your personal information changes (such as your ZIP code), or if you wish to have your information removed from our database, contact us and we will endeavor to provide a way to correct, update or remove that personal data provided to us.
Changes to the Policy
If this policy is materially changed in the future, app users will be informed of such changes via a push notification.
Contact Us
If you experience technical problems with the operation of this web site, contact us.