https://www.bankerandtradesman.com/privacy-policy/
TWG ResourcesTWG ResourcesMortgage Marketshare Module
Accurately track commercial and residential lending, measure sales performance against competition and market activity, identify high-performing competitors, and locate and target emerging markets.
LEARN MORE >>
Loan Originator Module
Access the largest and most comprehensive mortgage loan origination database in New England with round-the-clock interactive access and weekly trend updates.
LEARN MORE >>
Marketing Lists
Gain access to the most accurate and detailed transaction information in the country and offers a range of marketing lists for more than 130 million households (covering 94% of the U.S. population).
LEARN MORE >>
Custom Research
Powered by one-of-a-kind real estate, mortgage, and loan origination data, The Warren Group provides custom solutions for your research projects, database expansion, and strategic planning.
LEARN MORE >>
Real Estate Records Search
Access the largest and most complete real estate database in New England, including sales, price trends, liens and foreclosures.
LEARN MORE >>
SUBSCRIBE | ADVERTISE | MEDIA KIT
LOG IN
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement
As you access and use our website, www.bankerandtradesman.com, we want you to know that we acknowledge and respect your right to privacy. Here are our policies and business practices that pertain to the collection and use of information you may provide us as you use our site.
Information we collect
By registering to become a member of this website, or by contacting us using one of several forms provided in the site, you make available information that personally identifies you and how to contact you.
We will not sell or share this information to others in any way other than what we represent in this privacy policy.
You can control how we use this information by telling us your preferences during registration or when you submit a form.
If you choose not to provide us information during registration, you may not be granted access to content we sell on this website. However, you will be able to access other information, such as real estate news and home sales statistics.
Registration
To access paid content provided on this website, you must first register to become a member. Information we collect during registration includes your name and company affiliation, location, telephone number and e-mail address. We also require credit card account information to secure the purchases you make on this site.
If for any reason you elect not to complete the registration process, we will still collect and maintain any information you provided us. If you indicated that you do not wish to be contacted with marketing offers, we will honor your request.
If we accept your registration, you can be given access to pages that allow you to search and download property information. Your account will be accessed using a password you select during registration. We advise against sharing your password with others because you are responsible for the charges incurred using your account and the terms and conditions limiting the use of the information you download.
Cookies
A cookie is a file stored on your hard drive that contains information about you and your web browsing preferences. We use cookies to identify registered members and to record their preferences. If you refuse to allow us to place a cookie on your hard drive, you will not be able to access paid content areas of this website.
While our site may contain links to other websites that also use cookies, we have no control over how those sites use or regulate these files.
Visitor log files
When you visit our site, we record the address of the Internet site you last visited, the type of browser you’re using, and the pages you visit as you navigate our site. We use this information to improve the structure, content and general usability of our website.
Visitor log information is not linked to personally identifiable information.
Data Sharing
We may share your contact information with our affiliates and trusted business partners for the purpose of making available additional products and services we think will be of interest to you. When you provide us contact information during registration or when you send us an inquiry, you can instruct us not share this information with affiliates and business partners. Please see the Choice and Opt-Out section, below.
We use a financial clearinghouse to process payments for your use of the site. This company will not retain, share, store or otherwise use personally identifiable information for any secondary purpose.
Links
We have links to other sites on our website. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy policies of these other sites. We recommend that you review the privacy policy on every site where personally identifiable information is collected.
Special News and Offers
From time to time we send offers to registered members for products, services and special promotions. We respect your right to opt out of receiving these offers, and we have several ways you can make your preferences known. Please see our Choice and Opt-Out section below.
Business and service updates
Each time we charge your credit card for your use of this website, we will send you an e-mail message notifying you that your account has been charged.
We also send messages to registered members containing business announcements and notices of changes in service. Members may not opt out of receiving this information, which may contain important billing and terms of use information.
From time to time we may ask registered members to participate in survey to gauge their satisfaction with our products and services. Members may choose not to participate in these surveys. Their ability to use this website will not be affected by their decision.
Do Not Call Policy
The Warren Group subscribes to the following services: The Federal Do Not Call list, The Massachusetts Department of Consumer Affairs Do Not Call list; and the Connecticut Telephone Preference Service, which is maintained by the Direct Marketing Association. We receive and process these updates regularly.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, according to the law, not only must every telemarketing company purchase the federal and the relevant state Do Not Call lists for the states in which they are calling, so must any other end-user on whose behalf calls are made, and any list broker, data compiler, or other person or entity who compiles or republishes or sells such information for marketing or sales purposes. You should seek the appropriate legal guidance necessary to ensure you are in complete compliance with the state and federal laws, as they apply to you.
Records that The Warren Group found on a Do Not Call registry have been marked, “Do Not Call.” The inclusion of a telephone number or the absence of the “Do Not Call” notation is not a substitute for a telemarketer’s responsibility to: subscribe to, obtain and check federal and appropriate state Do Not Call lists against names obtained from The Warren Group before calling them.
Security
We take precautions to protect the information you provide us from unauthorized access. All information collected during registration, including credit card account information, is collected and transmitted using 128-byte secure socket layer protection.
Only selected employees, such as billing clerks and customer service representatives, are authorized to access your account information in our password-protected database of member accounts. Employees receive training in how to access information contained in the database while keeping customer information secure. For added security, when we display credit card information to employees, or to you for your verification, we provide only the last 4 digits of the credit card number. The remainder of the number is stored in a database maintained on a computer separate from the one containing this website.
Updating your information
You can review and change the information you provided us when you registered to become a member of this website. To ensure your service is not interrupted, your profile must contain valid name and address information, including a usable e-mail address.
Choice and opt out
If you decide you do not want us to use your information for marketing purposes, you may notify us in one of the following ways:
When you register to become a member of this site you can instruct us not to contact you with marketing information and offers, or share your information with third parties.
You can request to opt in or out of marketing messages at any time when you view your account on-line.
You can also make your request by contacting us directly at:
The Warren Group
Attention: Customer Service
280 Summer Street
Boston, MA 02210
617-428-5100
800-356-8805
Changes in Policy
Our privacy policy may change in the future. If it does, we will notify all registered users by e-mail. Unless you otherwise authorize us, we will use information in a way that is consistent with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
This Week’s Poll
Advertisement
MOST POPULAR  |MOST RECENTBaker Announces New COVID-19 Business, Gathering Restrictions Kenmore Square Hotel Sells at a Loss State Must Lead Towns Towards Solving Shared Housing Problems Developer Eyes 1.5M SF 'Gateway' Project in Somerville MBTA Board Must Stand Up to Baker Davis Cos. Seeks Big Expansion of 88 Black Falcon  Webster Names Mass. Branches It Will Close Councilors Back Fair Housing Test for Developments New Connecticut Casino on Ice for 'Foreseeable Future' Lawrence Mayor Rivera Picked For Top MassDevelopment Job
×
Need a Subscription?
We're sorry, it appears you don't have the proper subscription to view this page. Please click the button below to purchase or renew your subscription and gain access to this content.
Questions? Please contact us at 617.896.5388, or send us an email at subscriptions@thewarrengroup.com.
Subscribe Today!
×
Too Many Sessions
It appears someone has logged in to your account from another device. Please click the button below to log back in on this device, and terminate all other sessions.
Questions? Please contact us at 617.896.5388, or send us an email at subscriptions@thewarrengroup.com. Login  Forgot Password