https://www.sky.com/help/articles/skycom-terms-and-conditions
skip to search
skip to notifications
skip to content
skip to footer
Back to HelpSky.com terms and conditionsThese Terms and Conditions shall apply to Your use of the website located at sky.com and its related channels ("the Sky Site").
By using the Sky Site You agree to be bound by the terms and conditions set out below. If You do not wish to be bound by these terms and conditions, You should not use the Sky Site.
We may change these Terms and Conditions from time to time and so you should check these regularly. Your use of the Sky Site will be deemed an acceptance of the terms existing at that time.
As part of our commitment to ensuring the Sky Site is one You want to visit time and time again, We welcome your comments on any of the policies or rules set out below.
1. Definitions
"You" means you, the user of the Sky Site and "Your" shall be interpreted accordingly. "We/Us" means Sky UK Limited of Grant Way, Isleworth, Middlesex TW7 5QD (except in sections 6 and 11) and "Our" shall be interpreted accordingly. "Sky Site" shall have the meaning as set out above. "User Information" means the personal details, which may be provided by You to Us via the Sky Site. "Users" means the users of the Sky Site collectively and/or individually as the context admits. "Website" means a site on the World Wide Web.
2. Acceptable Use
You agree that any use by You of the Sky Site shall be in accordance with the following conditions:
2.1 You will not post or transmit through the Sky Site any defamatory, threatening, obscene, harmful, pornographic or otherwise illegal material or material which would violate or infringe in any way upon our rights or those of others (including intellectual property rights, rights of confidentiality, or rights of privacy) or cause distress or inconvenience. You must not express opinions that are vulgar, crude, sexist, racist, unproven or unfounded allegations (especially of wrongdoing) or otherwise offensive. Always treat other Users with respect.
2.2 You must not upload, post, or otherwise transmit any content that includes any of the following inappropriate content:
a) Any personal information belonging either to you or another person, such as full name, address, phone number, email address;
b) Spam, such as advertisements for other web sites and services, or other commercial solicitation; chain letters, pyramid schemes, polls or petitions;
c) Flooding the forum boards with excessive posts, meaningless posts, posts unrelated to the topic or padding posts;
d) Discussions that veer off topic, are unrelated to resolving the issue at hand, are repetitive or campaigning, that promote products or services from other providers, or abuse any company or product;
e) Repetitive or continuous complaints about Sky policy;
f) Discussions of moderator actions on the boards. If you need to comment on a moderator action, please message any administrator/moderator;
g) Posting or transmitting any information or software containing a virus, worm, Trojan horse, or other damaging or destructive component;
h) Posting a link directing users to any information or content that, if posted on the Site would constitute a violation of the Guidelines or Terms of Use. Sky is not responsible for the content of any third party websites and users use of any hypertext links posted on the forum at their own risk.
i) Attacks, including "Flaming", of another user in such a way as to incite or perpetuate arguments or conflict; creating usernames to attack other users' identities; impersonating other individuals or falsely representing one's identity or qualifications; posts made under secondary user names or other aliases for the purpose of either endorsing or denigrating others; posts that breach any participant's privacy by including name, address, phone, email address, or any other identifying information.
j) Include URLs of third party websites which may contain offensive or illegal material.
k) Postings that break the law, or encourage/support breaking the law. This includes libel, contempt of court and breach of copyright.
l) Discussions regarding active UK court cases.
m) Advice that would result in a breach of any Sky product or equipment warranties.
n) Advice that would result in a breach of Sky subscription terms & conditions.
o) Advice that if followed could result in bodily injury or harm.
2.3 You must not evade bans or suspensions or otherwise disregard directions from moderators or administrators.
2.4 You agree not to use the Site (or any part of it) to:
a) Solicit personal information, email addresses, contact information, passwords or other personally identifying information.
b) Solicit participation in public discussion, debate, comment or activity outside this Site;
c) Provide false or misleading information about yourself or your business, or create a false identity or use or attempt to use another’s account or identity (including for the purposes of accessing the customer's account functionality – see Section 10).
2.5 We reserve the right to manage the postings on the Sky Communities including messages sent to other user via the message functionality to provide an orderly presentation of this information. To effectively manage the site, Sky may designate employees or others to act as moderators and administrators for the site ("Moderators"). These Moderators are the only representatives of Sky that are authorised to manage the Sky Communities. Any Sky employees who are not designated as Moderators or Employees are not authorised to represent themselves on the site as Sky employees. Authorised Sky Employees are distinguished by the Rank of "Employee" and/or an official Sky logo as an Avatar. Sky is not responsible for content provided by any Sky employee who is not designated as a Moderator or an Employee.
2.6 You will not post or otherwise make available on the Sky Site any material, which You do not own without the express permission of the owner of the material.
2.7 You will not copy, download, reproduce, republish, frame, broadcast, transmit in any manner whatsoever, any material on the Sky Site except as is strictly necessary for Your own personal non-commercial home use.
2.8 You will not access the Sky Site by automated means or otherwise for the purposes of scraping, extracting, or otherwise obtaining any material from the Sky Site (including TV listings) for use within a third party Website or application.
2.9 You will abide by the specific rules of any competition or promotion that You participate in on or via the Sky Site. Unless we tell you otherwise, all prize draws and competitions offered via the Sky Site are not open to people resident outside the United Kingdom.
2.10 You will not do anything that affects the operability or security of the Sky Site or causes unreasonable inconvenience or offence or disruption to our staff.
3. Third Party Websites
3.1 You acknowledge and agree that We are not responsible for the availability of any third party Websites or material You access through the Sky Site.
3.2 We do not endorse and shall not be held responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products or services on or available from such Websites or material.
3.3 Any dealings between You and any third party advertisers or merchants found on or via the Sky Site, including payment for and delivery of products, services and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are made between You and the relevant advertiser or merchant. Therefore, We are not responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as the result of any such dealings. Where You purchase goods or services directly from Us, section 11 of these terms and conditions will apply.
4. Intellectual Property
4.1 All copyright, trade marks and all other intellectual property rights in all material or content supplied as part of the Sky Site shall remain at all times vested in Us or Our licensors. You are permitted to use this material or content only as expressly authorised in writing by Us or Our licensors. You will not, and You will not assist or facilitate any third party to, copy, reproduce, transmit, distribute, frame, commercially exploit or create derivative works of such material or content.
4.2 If You become aware of any such distribution or commercial exploitation, You agree to notify Us immediately.
4.3 You acknowledge that by posting materials on the Sky Site You grant to Us and Our licensors and assigns an irrevocable, perpetual, royalty free, worldwide licence to use the materials both within the Sky Site and in any other manner. The licence extends to copying, distributing, broadcasting, and otherwise transmitting, and adapting and editing the materials.
5. Liability for and information provided on the Sky Site
5.1 Material which is posted on any bulletin boards or chat forums is written by Users and We are not responsible for and do not endorse such material. We reserve the right to monitor the contributions made and may respond to or comment upon communications made by You and edit, refuse to post, or remove any content from the bulletin boards and chat forums in our absolute discretion. No failure to remove particular material constitutes an endorsement or acceptance of it by Us.
5.2 We will not be held responsible or liable for the content, accuracy, timing or reliability of any information or statements contained within the Sky Site, or for statements, advice and/or opinions made or given by Users on the bulletin boards and chat forums (except as required by law). If You have any claim arising from the actions or statements of another User, You agree to pursue such a claim only against that User and not from Us.
5.3 We will endeavour to provide the Sky Site using all reasonable care. Except as required by law, We will not be responsible or liable for the quality, accuracy or fitness for a particular purpose of the Sky Site and do not promise that the material contained in the Sky Site, or any of the functions contained in the Sky Site or its server will operate without interruption or delay or will be error free, free of viruses or bugs or is compatible with any other software or material.
5.4 We will be liable for any fraudulent misrepresentations We make and for any death or personal injury caused by Our negligence. We will not be responsible or liable to You for any other loss or damage that You or any third party may suffer as a result of using or in connection with Your use of the Sky Site.
6. Safety
We give Our ongoing commitment to ensuring through Our policy of safety that You can use the Sky Site with confidence. When using the Sky Site, in particular any bulletin boards or chat forums, You should always take the following precautions:
6.1 keep Your identity private. Do not give out Your full name, postal address, telephone number, e-mail address, the name of Your school or any other information (other than that specifically requested by Us), that could help someone discover Your actual identity;
6.2 never meet with someone You meet online.
6.3 do not reply to any messages that are hostile, rude or inappropriate, or in any way make You feel uncomfortable.
7. Indemnity
If you are a business User, You agree to indemnify Us, and/or any of Our affiliates and Our and their officers, directors and employees, immediately on demand, against all claims, liability, damages, costs and expenses, including legal fees, arising out of any breach of these terms and conditions by You or any other liabilities arising out of Your use of the Sky Site.
8. Termination
We reserve the right immediately to terminate Your use of the Sky Site if You breach or We have reasonable grounds to believe that You are likely to breach these terms and conditions or You otherwise engage in conduct which We determine in Our sole discretion to be unacceptable.
9. Feedback
Should You wish to make any comments to Us about the Sky Site or if You have any questions relating to the same please contact Us using the Feedback Form on the Sky Site.
10. Sky iD
Section 10 applies to visitors using a Sky ID on Sky.com in addition to the terms and conditions which precede and follow this section. Attention is drawn in particular to paragraph 2 (acceptable use) and paragraph 5 (liability for information provided on the Sky site) above.
10.1 Registration etc. In order to participate in parts of Sky.com, registration is required. You must be a Sky digital subscriber in order to register as the primary user but can nominate guest users provided they are part of the same household and they consent. To register as the primary user, you are required to provide us with accurate and complete details including your viewing card number. You must also choose a user name and password. Any guest user you nominate must also provide a user name and password which must be different to that of the primary user.
10.2 User name and password. When choosing a user name, a minimum of 6 and a maximum of 40 alphanumerical characters must be used. URLs, Domain Names, underscores, full stops and any of the following characters -=[];'#,./!"Â£$%^&*()+{}:@~<>? must not be used.
When choosing a password a minimum of 7 and a maximum of 25 characters including both alphanumeric characters and must be used without any spaces. It is advisable not to use obvious dictionary words eg password or consecutive numbers or letters or obvious personal information such as children's name, pet's names or date of birth. Password should not be the same as the username, name or email address and should not be re-used when choosing a new password.
Each registered user is responsible for the security and proper use of their user name and password and must not disclose either to any third party (whether directly, via a Website or application interface or otherwise). It is each registered user's responsibility to change their password immediately if they believe it has been compromised. It is also advisable to change these details frequently even if not considered compromised.
10.3 Termination or suspension. We may suspend or terminate a user's account registration if these terms and conditions are breached, in particular paragraph 2 (acceptable use).
10.4 Deletion of dormant customer account profiles. If your account registration profile is unused for a period of 2 years or more we may delete it from our systems without prior notice to you. If you want to access Sky.com in the future you would need to re-register your details and create a new user name and password.
11. General
11.1 Invalidity etc. If any court or regulator decides that any provision of these terms and conditions is invalid or otherwise unenforceable, such provisions shall be severed and deleted from these terms and conditions and the remainder of these terms and conditions shall continue to have full force and effect.
11.2 Governing Law. These terms and conditions and the Sky Site are governed by English law. Disputes can be dealt with by the English courts.
11.3 Third Party Rights. These terms and conditions apply between Us and Users. No other person is entitled to benefit under these Terms and Conditions.
Corporate Information
Sky UK Limited (Registration No. 2906991), Sky Interactive Limited (Registration No. 3554332), Sky-In-Home Service Limited (Registration No. 2067075) and Sky Subscribers Services Limited (Registration No. 2340150) are direct or indirect subsidiaries of Sky plc (Registration No. 2247735). Our UK VAT number is 440 6274 67. All of the companies mentioned in this paragraph are incorporated in England and Wales and share the same registered office at Grant Way, Isleworth, Middlesex TW7 5QD.
Last Updated: 07/04/2016Still need a hand?Thanks for using our online services – if you do still need to contact us, please be aware that wait times may be longer than normal due to social distancing in our contact centres, but be assured we’re prioritising calls from customers who’ve already been online.
We’re working hard to help you as fast as we can. We know it’s a challenging time for everyone right now. Thank you in advance for showing kindness and consideration to our team as they do their very best to help you.No, that workedYes, I still need help