https://www.mavrixphoto.com/privacy-notice-news-and-celebrity-photo-agency/
PRIVACY NOTICE
MAVRIX PHOTO INC is a celebrity news photo company which appreciates your business and fully respects your right to privacy. Therefore, we have developed the following “Privacy & Personal Details Policy” to address issues which may be of concern to you regarding the information and data you provide to us, or we obtain about you, as a result of your use of our web site:
How Your IP Address Is Used
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is used to help identify you and your orders and will be matched with demographic information you have provided already held by us.
How We Use “Cookies”
Our celebrity news photo company site uses cookies to keep track of your orders. Cookies also enable us to keep track of which images you’ve selected to put in your Lightbox during each session. Cookies are small text files placed on your hard drive by web page servers, they are commonly used by web sites to provide identification. The cookie your computer accepts from us is uniquely yours and can only be read by the server that gave it to you. When you access your Mavrix Photo celebrity news photo company account you will need to use a browser that supports cookies. Cookies pose no hazard to your computer but if you remove them you will have to re-register in order to use our web site. We do not use cookies to examine in any way your other Internet activity, either before or after you leave our web site.
How We Use Financial Information
We collect certain financial information from you in order to bill the you for our products and services. All financial data is stored in an encrypted form and is accessible only to our banks and credit card clearing services for the purpose of processing payments. (See Security below.)
How We Use Your Contact Information
Our site’s registration form requires you to give us certain contact information such as your name, email and shipping addresses. We use this customer contact information from the registration form to confirm orders and ship the products you have requested. This contact information is also used by us to contact you periodically about the MAVRIX PHOTO INC and it’s services. None of the information collected by the registration form (except financial information – see above) is shared with any group or organisation outside of MAVRIX PHOTO INC. You may opt-out of receiving future notifications and mailings from us; see the opt-out section below.
How We Use Profile Data
Part of our celebrity news photo companyRegistraton process consists of a voluntary “Profile” in which we ask you for information about your experiences stock photography, picture libraries and our web site. We use this data to tailor your experience with our site to your specific needs, and to ensure that we are continually improving our services and products according to our customers preferences.
How We Use Security Measures
This site has security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. All financial transactions take place inside a security system known as SSL. You may inspect the identity of the owner of the security certificate, via the security dialogue in your browser, at any time. MAVRIX PHOTO INC is the owner so identified, thus ensuring you know it is the MAVRIX PHOTO INC with whom you are trading.
Your username and password are known only to yourself, and to the system administrators. They will not be given out to anyone else at anytime. They are stored in a separate secure database, not directly accessible to the internet.
Regular security reviews are held by us to ensure that the site remains safe and secure for your protection.
How You Can Opt Out of Receiving Information or Modify Your Personal Data
Our site provides you with the opportunity to opt out of receiving celebrity news photo companycommunications from MAVRIX PHOTO INC at the point where we request information about you.
Correct your Personal Data
We also offer you the opportunity to either correct or update your personal data by selecting ‘Your Account’ from the navigation bar. After you type in your ‘User Name’ and ‘Password’ you will be able to edit the information there.
How to Find Out More
If you have any questions about this “Privacy & Personal Details Policy” or either the practices with this web site or your experiences with it you may contact: MAVRIX PHOTO INC HERE
Photojournalism is a form of journalism (the collecting, editing, and presenting of news material for publication or broadcast) that employs images in order to tell a news story. It is now usually understood to refer only to still images, but in some cases the term also refers to video used in broadcast journalism.
Photojournalism is distinguished from other close branches of photography (e.g.documentary photography, social documentary photography,street photography or celebrity photography Celebrity News Photo Company) by complying with a rigid ethical framework which demands that the work be both honest and impartial whilst telling the story in strictly journalistic terms. Photojournalists create pictures that contribute to the news media, and help communities connect with one other. Photojournalists must be well informed and knowledgeable about events happening right outside their door. They deliver news in a creative format that is not only informative, but also entertaining.
Like a writer, a photojournalist is a reporter, but he or she must often make decisions instantly and carry photographic equipment, often while exposed to significant obstacles (e.g., physical danger, weather, crowds, physical access). The practice of illustrating news stories with photographs was made possible by printing and photography innovations that occurred in the mid 19th century. Although early illustrations had appeared in newspapers, such as an illustration of the funeral of Lord Horatio Nelson in The Times (1806), the first weekly illustrated newspaper was the Illustrated London News, first printed in 1842.
The illustrations were printed with the use of engravings. The “Golden Age of Photojournalism” is often considered to be roughly the 1930s through the 1950s.It was made possible by the development of the compact commercial 35mm Leica camera in 1925, and the first flash bulbs between 1927 and 1930, which allowed the journalist true flexibility in taking pictures. Until the 1980s, most large newspapers were printed with turn-of-the-century “letterpress” technology using easily smudged oil-based ink, off-white, low-quality “newsprint” paper, and coarse engraving screens. While letterpresses produced legible text, the photoengraving dots that formed pictures often bled or smeared and became fuzzy and indistinct.
In this way, even when newspapers used photographs well — a good crop, a respectable size — murky reproduction often left readers re-reading the caption to see what the photo was all about. The Wall Street Journal adopted stippled haircuts in 1979 to publish portraits and avoid the limitations of letterpress printing. Not until the 1980s did a majority of newspapers switch to “offset” presses that reproduce photos with fidelity on better, whiter paper.
The National Press Photographers Association (NPPA) was founded in 1946 in the U.S., and has about 10,000 members. Others around the world include the British Press Photographers Association (BPPA) founded in 1984, then relaunched in 2003, and now has around 450 members. Hong Kong Press Photographers Association (1989), Northern Ireland Press Photographers Association (2000), Pressfotografernas Klubb (Sweden, 1930), and PK— Pressefotografenes Klubb (Norway).
A new style of magazine and newspaper appeared that used photography more than text to tell stories. The Berliner Illustrirte Zeitung was the first to pioneer the format of the illustrated news magazine. Beginning in 1901, it began to print photographs inside the magazine, a revolutionary innovation. In the successive decades, it was developed into the prototype of the modern news magazine.
It pioneered the photo-essay, had a specialized staff and production unit for pictures and maintained a photo library. It also introduced the use of candid photographs taken with the new smaller cameras.
The magazine sought out reporters who could tell a story using photographs, notably the pioneer sports photographer Martin Munkácsi, the first staff photographer, and Erich Salomon, one of the founders of photojournalism.
Other magazines reportedly included, Arbeiter-Illustrierte-Zeitung (Berlin), Vu (France), Life (USA), Look (USA), Picture Post (London) and newspapers, The Daily Mirror (London) and The New York Daily News. Famous photographers of the era included Robert Capa, Romano Cagnoni, Alfred Eisenstaedt, Margaret Bourke-White and W. Eugene Smith.
Henri Cartier-Bresson is held by some to be the father of modern photojournalism, although this appellation has been applied to various other photographers, such as Erich Salomon, whose candid pictures of political figures were novel in the 1930s.
The photojournalism of, for example, Agustí Centelles played an important role in the propaganda efforts of the Republican side in the Spanish Civil War in the late 1930s. Text courtesy of Wikipedia.
LOGIN HERE
Lily Becker Double Page Spread Gala Magazine
Jun 4th, 2019
Daisy Fuentes Celebrates Mother's Day at the Beach
May 11th, 2014
Joanna Krupa Esotiq Bikini Photo Shoot
Apr 2nd, 2014
Cyrus Family Miami Beach Day
Mar 21st, 2014
Little Mix Beach Day
Feb 24th, 2014
Model Anne V Miami Bikini Body
Feb 19th, 2014
Kelly Brook Sexy in Bikini Photo Shoot
Feb 4th, 2014
Kelly Brook Stripe Bikini in Miami Beach
Feb 3rd, 2014
Victoria's Secret Models Miami Commercial Shoot
Jan 31st, 2014
Adriana Lima and Lais Ribeiro at a Victoria's Secret Photo Shoot
Jan 18th, 2014
Claudia Romani Beauties On The Beach
Jan 13th, 2014
Olga Kent Shows Off Tiny Bikini in Miami Beach
Jan 6th, 2014
Bethenny Frankel New Years Bikini
Jan 1st, 2014
Joanna Krupa Pool Side with Hubby
Dec 13th, 2013
Models Emanuela de Paula and Jessica Hart Next Photo Shoot
Dec 6th, 2013