https://www.sportico.com/leagues/college-sports/2020/shortened-pac-12-football-season-enough-to-meet-tv-contracts-strengthen-loan-terms-1234613795/
Skip to main content
By
Emily Caron
Emily Caron
Junior Sports Business Reporter
_emcaron
Follow
More Stories by Emily
ESPN Signs $3 Billion Deal for SEC Football as CBS Era Nears End
U.S. Olympians Push for Protest Rights Ahead of Tokyo Games
World’s Strongest Man Pumps Up Social Presence Amid Pandemic
View All
September 25, 2020 8:55am
Facebook
Twitter
Tumblr
Pinit
+ additional share options added
If conditions hold, the Pac-12 will receive most of its nearly $300 million in tv rights from ESPN and Fox.
AP / ADOBE
When the Pac-12 first started loan talks this summer, it was looking at securing close to $1 billion to support its schools, which were projected to lose up to $80 million each amid the pandemic and without fall football. But with an abbreviated season back on the schedule, the conference will now need less to get by while arriving at the loan office with a much stronger hand.
The seven-game schedule for football and a normal November start for basketball will be enough to secure most of the nearly $300 million payout the conference was set to earn this year from its long-term deals with ESPN and FOX.
Sources within the conference told Sportico that the abbreviated plans announced Thursday night won’t fully satisfy the commitments—of which football and basketball make up a significant portion—but will still be enough to meet “most of” its obligations to the two networks and bring the Pac-12 “very close” to complete fulfillment.
“The difference between not playing football and basketball versus playing football and basketball, just with ESPN and Fox, is really significant,” said the source, who was granted anonymity because of the ongoing nature of discussions with both partners. “But we’ll still be without fans, which is a huge source of revenues for our schools, so there’s still going to be significant financial need.”
The more than $310 million the Pac-12 received in total media payments in 2018-19 included revenues from its 12-year deal with Fox and ESPN, the Pac-12 Networks, as well as March Madness payouts and other media revenue, according to data that the public schools submit annually to the NCAA. The conference in turn distributed $32.2 million to each school for the 2019 fiscal year, up slightly from $31.3 million in 2018. The Pac-12 expected to lose a large portion of that when it initially postponed all sports until at least 2021, in addition to ticket sale revenue.
Thursday’s announcement did not include fans in the stands, which won’t be entertained until at least 2021, which means the conference will still lose the more than $120 million in football tickets sold in 2018. The 10 public school programs made $197.5 million in total donations, some directly tied to football tickets, which is also likely to take a hit.
Schools will also face a year without many supplemental revenue streams tied directly to sport competition (concessions, merchandise, parking, etc.). However, the return of football and basketball puts Pac-12 schools in a better financial situation than expected even a month ago with the security of its media rights revenue. With an average athletics-department deficit of $3.4 million in the conference, mitigating any additional losses was a priority for all.
The Pac-12 can now recalculate how much money each institution expects to need and finalize loan terms with an undisclosed lender in the next few weeks. What once was a proposal that would allow schools’ athletic departments to borrow up to $83 million each in exchange for contracted future media rights revenue at a rate of 3.75% over 10 years, will now likely be a much smaller deal.
Read More About:
COVID-19
ESPN
Fox
media rights
Pac-12
More News
Exclusive
A-Rod Details Mets Bid Amid Business Strategy for Team Ownership
Alex Rodriguez may have lost out to Steve Cohen on his recent bid to purchase the New York Mets, but he said on Thursday during Sportico’s Business Beyond The Game event that he’s still “open for…
By
Barry M. Bloom
Finance
3 hours ago
UFC Antitrust Lawsuits Granted Partial Class-Action Status
A judge has granted partial class-action status to a group of fighters suing the UFC, a critical ruling that should extend the antitrust legal battle against the MMA promoter.
In a decision that the…
By
Michael McCann, Eben Novy-Williams
News
5 hours ago
ESPN Signs $3 Billion Deal for SEC Football as CBS Era Nears End
Disney’s ESPN has finalized a deal to buy the rights to college football’s most-watched television package for $300 million per season—at least five times the $55 million per year fee that current…
By
Emily Caron, Anthony Crupi
College Sports
7 hours ago
Atlanta Hawks Strike Historic Deal With Black-Owned Bank Loan
The Atlanta Hawks have announced that the team has partnered with a syndicate of black-owned banks to refinance the construction loan for the Emory Sports Medicine Complex, the team’s official…
By
Randall Williams
Basketball
Dec 10, 2020 12:55 pm
U.S. Olympians Push for Protest Rights Ahead of Tokyo Games
Team USA’s Council on Racial and Social Justice is publicly asking for a change to a longstanding and controversial International Olympic Committee rule that prohibits demonstrations and protests at…
By
Emily Caron
Other Sports
Dec 10, 2020 11:21 am
Newsletter
Breaking News
The Lead
John Wall Street
Your Email
Sign Up
More PMC Sites
Variety
Taylor Swift Has Her Second Great Album of 2020 With ‘Evermore’: Album Review
Rolling Stone
Grammys Children’s Album Nominees Ask to Withdraw From Category Over Lack of Diversity
ArtNews
Teresita Fernández’s Powerful Art Lays Bare Ongoing Histories of Colonial Violence in the Caribbean
BGR
Bees are using poop to defend themselves against ‘murder hornets’
Deadline
Dame Barbara Windsor Dies: ‘EastEnders’ And ‘Carry On’ Actress Was 83
Icon Link
Copyright © 2020 Sportico Media, LLC. All Rights reserved.
Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Our Sites
Artnews
BGR
Deadline
Fairchild Media
Footwear News
Gold Derby
HollywoodLife
IndieWire
Robb Report
Rolling Stone
SheKnows
She Media
Soaps
Sourcing Journal
Sportico
Spy
StyleCaster
TVLine
Variety
WWD
Sportico
Search for:
Close the menu
Leagues
Expand the sub menu
Baseball
Basketball
Boxing
College Sports
Football
Golf
Hockey
NASCAR
Other Sports
Soccer
Tennis
Business
Expand the sub menu
Commerce
Finance
Media
Real Estate
Sales
Sponsorship
Tech
Sports Betting
Law
Expand the sub menu
Analysis
News
Personalities
Expand the sub menu
Agents
Athletes
Executives
Owners
People
Valuations
Expand the sub menu
Brands
Teams
ad
To help keep your account secure, please log-in again.
You are no longer onsite at your organization. Please log in.
For assistance, contact your corporate administrator.