http://www.pub.umich.edu/privacy-policy
You are hereHome » Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This is the Website of the Office of Student Publications. Our postal address is: Stanford Lipsey Building 420 Maynard Street Ann Arbor, MI 48109-1327 We have created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm and continuing commitment to the privacy of personal information provided by those visiting and interacting with this web site. We hold the privacy of your personal information in the highest regard. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website. We recognize the importance of protecting your privacy and our policy is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect, use and safeguard the personal information you provide to us and to assist you in making informed decisions when using our site. This policy will be continuously assessed against new technologies, business practices and our customers' needs. What Information Do We Collect? For each visitor to our web site, our web server automatically recognizes only the consumer's domain name (where possible), but not the e-mail address. Our web site may collect only the domain name, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit including, but not limited to, IP address, referring domain, browser type, access date and time. Additional information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations may also be collected. How is the Collected Information used? The information we collect is used to: • Improve the content of our web pages. • Customize the content and/or layout of our page for each individual visitor. • Notify consumers about updates to our web site. The information automatically collected by our web server is not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes. E-mail Information If you choose to correspond with us through e-mail, we may retain the content of your email messages together with your e-mail address and our responses. We provide the same protections for these electronic communications that we employ in the maintenance of information received by mail and telephone. The Office of Student Publications will never sell or distribute e-mail address information. IP Addresses IP addresses are used by your computer every time you are connected to the Internet. Your IP address is a number that is used by computers on the network to identify your computer. IP addresses are automatically collected by our web server as part of demographic and profile data known as “traffic data” so that data (such as the web pages you request) can be sent to you. How Can You Access and Correct Your Information? You may request access to all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain in our database by calling (734) 764-0550. Your Consent By using our web site you consent to our collection and use of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to amend this privacy policy at any time with or without notice. Our Commitment to Data Security: Please note that your information will be stored and processed on our computers in the United States. The laws on holding personal data in the United States may be less stringent than the laws of your Country of residence or citizenship. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. Choice/Opt-In/Opt-Out This site allows visitors to unsubscribe so that they will not receive future messages. After unsubscribing we will discontinue sending the particular messages as soon as technically feasible. Policy Modifications We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will post any changes here, so be sure to check back periodically. However, please be assured that if the Privacy Policy changes in the future, we will not use the personal information you have submitted to us under this Privacy Policy in a manner that is materially inconsistent with this Privacy Policy, without your prior consent. If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or call 734.418-4115 x1244.
View our privacy policy
Office of Student Publications
420 Maynard Street | Ann Arbor, MI 48109
(734) 418-4115
© 2016 Regents of the University of Michigan
Connect With Us!