https://www.britishpapers.co.uk/privacy-policy/
We promise we will never give your name, email address or other personal information to anyone else without your permission, except as required by the appropriate authorities in the pursuit of criminal investigations, legal proceedings or investigations of illegal use of British Newspapers Online’s services. As for spam, we hate it just like everyone else and we don’t do it.
If you’re a contributor and would like credit for what you’ve written but don’t want to broadcast your personal data across the Web, you’re free to use a pen-name if you wish.
Data protection issues are governed by the Data Protection Act 1998 in the United Kingdom. Whilst at this stage (10 March 2008) the company directors believe that British Expat Ltd is exempt from the requirement to notify the Information Commissioner of our activities, we have registered voluntarily.
Data Protection Registration Number: Z7713916
If you have any queries about the information we hold on you, please contact us using our contact form.
Cookies
This site is based on a content management system called WordPress. WordPress uses cookies to store settings selected by registered users. It also uses them to store the name, email address and website URL of people leaving comments so that the visitor won’t need to re-type all their information again when they want to leave another comment.
This site also uses Google Analytics cookie to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.
Additionally, third-party companies (advertisers) may be placing and reading cookies on your browser, or using web beacons to collect information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number), in the course of ads being served on this website. These companies may use information about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of interest to you. We have no access to the information thus gained.
Web browsers can generally be configured to refuse some or all cookies, or to ask you before accepting cookies. You can find more information on how to configure your own particular browser at the browser’s website.
Security
British Newspapers Online is hosted by UKWebDev. Their servers are protected by a range of measures against physical and technical attack.
British Expat Ltd operates its own computers from behind a firewall and from within a secure compound.
British Expat Ltd is a private limited company registered in England & Wales. Registration number 4165796.
Registered address: 95 High Street, Barry, Vale of Glamorgan, United Kingdom CF62 7DY
(Please do not write to us at this address, which is maintained solely to meet the requirements of English company law.)
Latest stories
In the News
Newspaper obituaries
Newspapers
National – heavyweights
National – mid-market
National – red-tops
Scotland
Wales
N Ireland
England – North East
England – North West
England – Yorkshire
England – West Midlands
England – East Midlands
England – East of England
England – South West
England – South East
England – London
Periodicals
Magazines
Business and trade publications
Resources GlossaryPublishersBookshop (UK/EU)
About this site
Advertising opportunities
Contact us
Privacy policy