http://www.faireconomy.org/privacy_policy
Resources
Events
Projects
Projects
Popular Education
Responsible Wealth
Inclusive Economies
About
About
What We Believe
Meet the Team
Our Story
The Work We Do
Contact Us
Board of Directors
Jobs
Blog
Search
Donate
English
Español
Privacy and Rules
At UFE, we value your privacy.
In an effort to be as transparent as possible, we've created a summary of some of the most important parts of our privacy policy below. Links to the online privacy policy, as well as rules for users of our website are at the bottom of this page.
Our Universal Privacy Policy
1. We may collect and store information that you give to us through our websites (such as name and email address) or through interpersonal (offline) means. You may at any time request a copy of this information by contacting us at the information below.
2. In order to make our website easier to navigate, we may send one or more cookies – a small text file containing a strip of alphanumeric characters, to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser. We do not collect personal information about you. This cookie may or may not remain on your hard drive after you close your browser. You can easily opt out of this by using your web browser’s private browsing or incognito functions.  You may be unable to access certain parts of the site if you choose to do this.
3. We may use information that you volunteer to contact you. If you do not want to receive UFE-related emails, you may unsubscribe by visiting http://ufe.nationbuilder.com/unsubscribe and if you do not want other contacts (via phone, mail, text, ect.) please contact us at the information below.
4. Except as set forth in this Policy, UFE will not disclose any of your personally identifiable information to third parties, except when we have your permission or under special circumstances, such as when we believe in good faith that the law requires it.
5. Because UFE is funded almost entirely through private donations, we may exchange your personal information with our affiliates and with third party service providers who support or promote charitable fundraising and who may perform other marketing activities. We are aware of and sensitive to the issue of unsolicited e-mail ("spam"); therefore UFE will never rent, trade or sell your e-mail address to a third party for directed marketing of commercial products (we do not consider list sharing for charitable fundraising purposes to be commercial use). We may, from time to time, allow our service providers to draw conclusions regarding user behaviors from demographic and aggregated information. We may agree with other reputable, charitable organizations to write via postal mail or e-mail to some of each other's supporters, for the mutual benefit of both. If you would prefer not to have your information used in this manner, simply send us a request via e-mail to communications@faireconomy.org, with subject line "Privacy Policy", your exact name and address and a request to not share your information in this manner.
6. We care about the integrity and security of your information. We cannot, however, guarantee that your information will not be hacked or stolen. If this happens, we will promptly notify people affected.
7. If you have any questions about our privacy policy, or would like to opt out of any service, please contact us at the information below.
8. Copies of the online privacy policy are available in English here.  If you would like a copy in a language other than English, contact us here. Our online communities also have rules. In order to comment on a post or page, publish community content, or participate in some of the social media components of our site, you must agree to these rules.
UNITED FOR A FAIR ECONOMY
UNITED FOR A FAIR ECONOMY184 High Street, Suite 603,Boston, MA 02110
(617) 423-2148
COMMUNICATIONS@FAIRECONOMY.ORG
Do you have any suggestions for us? Please feel free to submit them here. This is your community too!
Do you like this page?
Say
thanks
or
boo
to the author.
Support our work. Chip in:
$5
$10
$15
Tweet