http://www.ocolly.com/static/privacy_policy.html
Sections
Search
Home
CONTACT
Contact The O'Colly
Send a Letter to the Editor
E-edition
NEWS
OSU
Stillwater
Crime
Investigations
SPORTS
Football
Men's Basketball
Women's Basketball
Cross Country
Track and Field
Wrestling
Baseball
Softball
Soccer
Equestrian
Golf
Tennis
LIFESTYLE
ModMuze Magazine
Movies
Music
Television
PHOTOS
TV
RADIO
Podcast
CREATIVE
SALES
Advertising
2020-2021 Media Kit
Online Classifieds
Sponsored Content
ORANGE PAGES
OPPORTUNITIES
OverviewThe O’Colly Media Group owns and operates a website known as O’Colly Media Group Online (“our site”). The privacy practices of this statement apply to our services available and operated under the domain and/or subdomain of www.ocolly.com. By visiting our site, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree, do not use our access our site. This Privacy Policy outlines the types of information our site gathers about visitors and the way in which we use and don’t use that information.By accepting the terms of this Privacy Policy through accessing the services provided, you expressly consent to our use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.We reserve the right to amend or modify our Privacy Policy at any time in the future, in which case we will post a revised Privacy Policy on our site and update the Effective Date to reflect the date of the changes. By continuing to use our site after we post any such changes, you accept the Privacy Policy as modified. Therefore, you should check periodically for an updated policy. All amended terms are automatically effective once they are posted on our site.This Privacy Policy applies solely to The O’Colly Media Group Online and does not cover any other activities or services, including print publishing, undertaken by the O’Colly Media Group.About Third Party AdvertisingWe may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you use our Services. These companies may use information (generally, not including any Personally-Identifying Information) about your visits to our sites or use of our Services and to other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. These companies may employ cookies and clear GIFs to measure advertising effectiveness. Any information that these third parties collect via cookies and clear GIFs is generally not personally identifiable (unless, for example, you provide personally identifiable information to them through an ad or e-mail message).  Please contact us if you would like to know the identity of the third-party advertising companies we are currently using to serve ads.Using a tool created by the Network Advertising Initiative, you can opt out of several third-party ad servers' and networks' Web Cookies simultaneously. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please complete the following links:   http://networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp,   http://preferences-mgr.truste.com/, or http://www.aboutads.info/choices/.We encourage you to read these businesses' privacy policies if you should have any concerns about how they will care for your personal information. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, see the Network Advertising Initiative's consumer website.Advertisers and third parties also may collect information about your activity on our sites and applications, on devices associated with you, and on third-party sites and applications using tracking technologies. Tracking data collected by these advertisers and third parties is used to decide which ads you see both on our sites and applications and on third-party sites and applications, but does not identify you personally and is not associated with your registration account. You may choose not to receive targeted advertising from many ad networks, data exchanges, marketing analytics and other service providers. You may also choose to control targeted advertising you receive within applications by using your mobile device settings (for example, by re-setting your device's advertising identifier and/or opting out of interest-based ads). We adhere to the Digital Advertising Alliance's Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising.Google Doubleclick for Publishers (DFP) is an ad network partner that displays ads on our Services. To improve your ad experience on our sites and Services and elsewhere on the Internet, we may send non-personal information to Google DFP based on your browser's activities, such as type of pages viewed and categories of interests, so that the advertising you see is relevant to you. Google DFP also may use information regarding its own users to select which ads to display. Click here to learn more about Google DFP's ad practices, including how to opt out of using anonymous information to select which ads to show you.Opt-Out of CookiesIf you wish to manage or opt-out of cookies utilized by our site and third party advertisers, you can take the following steps:You may be able to download an opt-out cookie from the third party advertiser's website allowing you to opt-out of cookies. Please visit the third party advertiser's websites for more information.Your web browser may allow you to manage what cookies are accepted or declined. These settings can usually be found in the preferences or options menus of your web browser.Your web browser may also allow you to manually view cookies and delete the cookies you don't want or need. Check your web browser's settings for more information.Websites that require registration may allow you to opt-out of cookies. Check the account settings or preferences section of the website for more information.For more information, please visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/.As described above, we and third parties may use cookies and other tracking technologies to facilitate serving relevant ads to you. For example, these technologies help us determine whether you have seen a particular advertisement before, tailor ads to you if you have visited our site before, and avoid sending you duplicate advertisements. You can learn more about certain types of targeted advertising by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance website or our Ad Choices page.In addition to disabling cookies and other tracking technologies as described above, you may opt-out of receiving targeted advertising from participating ad networks, audience segment providers, ad serving vendors, and other service providers by visiting websites operated by the Network Advertising Initiative and Digital Advertising Alliance .Information that is automatically gatheredDuring normal Web browsing, our site automatically logs information based on your behavior on the site, which may include:(1.) The URL that you just came from and to which URL you go next.(2.) Your Internet Protocol (IP) address.(3.) The date, time and length of time of your visit.(4.) Any page you visited.(5.) Your computer operating system and browser type and version (if provided by the browser).(6.) Search words you use to search our site.The information collected does not identify you by name or any other personally identifiable fact. The information is used in aggregate form for internal reporting and marketing purposes.Collegian Inc. reserves the right to use client- or server-based cookies or "Web beacons" to track activity on our site and enhance traffic statistical information. However, companies that display ads or provide services on our site may use cookies or other tracking mechanisms. Their use of these technologies is governed by their privacy policies. "Cookies" are small files placed on your hard drive that assist the service provider in developing and providing its services.O’Colly Media Group occasionally offers services provided by external third parties to provide linked services for visitors of Web site. The privacy policy of the external third party applies, not our Privacy Policy. If you visit one of these linked sites or an O’Colly Media Group Web page that uses an external organization's services, you should first review that organization's privacy policy and its other policies.O’Colly Media Group is not responsible in any way for the content or policies of other organizations, and cannot protect information you provide directly to a linked site or service.O’Colly Media Group cannot protect you from unlawful interception by third parties.O’Colly Media Group reserves the right to and may add, change and/or delete additional third-party providers for The O’Colly Media Group Online from time to time at any time without notice.Information provided by usersThe O’Colly Media Group Online does not require any type of registration for normal browsing. However, we do sometimes request personal information for specific purposes, such as verifying a letter to the editor or posting a comment on a blog.When we do collect personal information, O’Colly Media Group will use it only for the purpose for which we requested it. We do not sell or distribute personally identifiable information to third parties except where required by law. O’Colly Media Group will cooperate with law enforcement inquiries, investigations, and requests and disclose any information, with or without a subpoena, that is needed to satisfy any law, regulation or legal request or assist in any investigation of a law enforcement agency.ChildrenOur site is not directed to children younger than the age of 13 years, and we do not knowingly collect or distribute information from or about children younger than the age of 13 years.Your California privacy rightsThe California Civil Code gives California residents the right to request from companies conducting business in California a list of all third parties to which the company disclosed personal information during the preceding year for direct marketing purposes. Alternatively, the law provides that if a company has a privacy policy that gives either an opt-out or opt-in choice for use of your personal information by third parties for marketing purposes, the company may instead provide you with information on how to exercise your disclosure options.O’Colly Media Group does not disclose personal information to third parties for direct marketing purposes. Thus, we are not required to maintain or disclose a list of the third parties that received your personal information for marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year.
Tweets by OColly
Latest News
OSU vs. Baylor in question after Baylor closes facilities
OSU offense preps for life without Tylan Wallace, who’s impact is immeasurable
ISU-OSU to Dual on Jan. 30
‘Next man up’: the mentality that has motivated an OSU team dizzied by injuries this season
Finding the right fit: Cowboys offensive line shows continued improvement
Cowboys able to overcome Oral Roberts shooting to stay undefeated
Notebook: Perimeter defense still a concern after close win against ORU
Bench play provides spark as Cowboys fend off hot-shooting
ORU
Most Popular
Articles
Images
Videos
Commented
ArticlesStillwater COVID-19 update: Dec. 8Ogbongbemiga has career day against Horned Frogs'I don’t really think I’ve actually learned a whole bunch': OSU students reflect on COVID-19 semesterKeying it up: Freshman Lexy Keys delivers in her first startReport card: OSU vs. TCUA bleak winter: Stillwater businesses struggle during extended breakStillwater Holiday Must-Do CalendarSeason of disappointments continue for the CowboysNotebook: Mike Gundy is excited for the future of the programOSU disappoints in 29-22 loss to TCU
Images
Videos
CommentedSorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles.
Featured Businesses
108 Highway Steel & Metal Recyclers Llc
4523 N Rose Rd, Stillwater, OK 74074
405-743-2522
19th Hole
5302 W 6th Ave, Stillwater, OK 74074
405-564-0520
2 Fellas & A Big Vehicle Moving Company
1208 S Main St, Stillwater, OK 74074
405-533-3303
24 7 Answering Service
510 S Charles Dr, Stillwater, OK 74074
405-743-5000
33 Pawn Llc
150 E Highway 33, Perkins, OK 74059
405-547-8333
405 Mercantile
706 S Main St, Stillwater, OK 74074
405-332-5543
443 Stillwater Winlectric Co
811 S Perkins Rd, Stillwater, OK 74074
405-707-0764
Find a local business