https://www.upi.com/Top_News/US/2020/09/24/Trump-outlines-healthcare-plan-ensures-coverage-for-pre-existing-conditions/1021600993448/
U.S. News
Sept. 24, 2020 / 10:05 PM
Trump outlines healthcare plan, ensures coverage for pre-existing conditions
By Daniel Uria
(0)
President Donald Trump on Thursday signed a series of executive orders as part of a healthcare system he dubbed the America First Healthcare plan. Photo by
Erin Scott/UPI | License Photo
Sept. 24 (UPI) -- President Donald Trump on Thursday signed a series of executive orders to ensure medical protections for people with pre-existing conditions, prevent surprise medical bills and guarantee price transparency.
Trump signed the orders during a trip to North Carolina as he "laid out his vision" for a healthcare system he called the America First Healthcare Plan, which he said would focus on providing increased choice, lower costs and improved care.
Advertisement
"We will ensure the highest standard of care anywhere in the world: cutting-edge treatments, state-of-the-art medicine, groundbreaking cures and true health security for you and your loved ones," he said.
During a call with reporters ahead of the announcement, Health and Human Services Secretary Alex Azar said one of the executive orders would declare it the policy of the United States to "provide protections to ensure that Americans with pre-existing conditions regardless of whether the Affordable Care Act is unconstitutional and its protections for pre-existing conditions invalidated."
RELATED ACA reduced number of Americans with 'catastrophic' health expenditures
He also said the order would direct HHS to work with Congress to pass legislation to protect patients against surprise medical bills and to investigate executive and regulatory actions that can ensure such protections if legislation is not passed by Jan. 1.
Trump on Thursday said his plan would also include measures to create price transparency from healthcare providers in order to "create true competition."
"Both hospitals and insurance companies will be required to post all of their prices online," Trump said. "This transformative policy will allow you to see your exact out-of-pocket costs before you go for treatment, making it easy to shop for the best price."
RELATED Experts unsure about COVID-19, flu co-infection, but expect U.S. to find out
Earlier this month, Trump also signed an executive order to lower drug prices in the United States by instructing Medicare to not pay more for certain medicines than other nations, prompting criticism from the pharmaceutical industry.
"Under my plan, we will pay the exact same price as other countries," Trump reiterated Thursday. "That's at the lowest level. So we will be matching the lowest price with what's now many times the highest price and we won't pay a penny more."
During his 2016 presidential campaign, Trump pledged to "repeal and replace" the ACA, also known as Obamacare, but has after being elected has said he would continue protections for Americans with pre-existing conditions included in the healthcare plan.
RELATED Many students, teachers live with family at high risk for COVID-19
His opponent in the 2020 election, Joe Biden, served under President Barack Obama and has pledged to expand the legislation if elected.
(0) Leave a comment
upi.com/7041360
Topics
Donald TrumpAlex AzarJoe BidenBarack ObamaAffordable Care Act
Latest Headlines
U.S. News // 39 minutes ago
U.S. designates 17 government officials over human rights abuses
Dec. 10 (UPI) -- The Trump administration on Thursday sanctioned 17 officials of China, Jamaica and other foreign governments, accusing them of committing gross human rights violations.
U.S. News // 12 hours ago
For 1st time, U.S. adds more than 3,000 COVID-19 deaths in single day
Dec. 10 (UPI) -- The United States has surpassed 3,000 coronavirus-related deaths in a single day for the first time and added its second-highest daily total of new cases, data showed Thursday.
U.S. News // 1 hour ago
Trump finalizes rules restricting asylum protections
Dec. 10 (UPI) -- The Trump administration on Thursday finalized sweeping amendments to immigration rules that critics fear will "devastate" the country's asylum system.
U.S. News // 2 hours ago
New Hampshire House Speaker Richard Hinch dies of COVID-19
Dec. 10 (UPI) -- New Hampshire Speaker of the House Richard Hinch died at the age of 71, following complications from COVID-19, an autopsy showed Thursday.
U.S. News // 18 hours ago
U.S. government executes Brandon Bernard for Texas slayings
Dec. 10 (UPI) -- The U.S. government on Thursday executed a man convicted of killing a Texas couple two decades ago -- the second such execution of the lame-duck presidency of Donald Trump.
U.S. News // 4 hours ago
Cross-country storm to deliver another wintry blow to central U.S.
A storm already triggering much-needed rain and mountain snow over extremely parched parts of the Southwest will move along a 2,500-mile-long stretch of the United States and Canada.
U.S. News // 5 hours ago
Two still missing after collapse at shuttered Ohio power plant
Dec. 10 (UPI) -- Two members of a demolition crew were missing Thursday after a collapse at a shuttered power plant in Ohio.
U.S. News // 6 hours ago
More than 100 House Republicans back Texas election challenge
Dec. 10 (UPI) -- More than 100 House Republicans filed an amicus brief in support of a Texas lawsuit seeking to challenge President-elect Joe Biden's election wins in Georgia, Michigan, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin.
U.S. News // 12 hours ago
FDA panel recommends Pfizer COVID-19 vaccine approval
Dec. 10 (UPI) -- The Food and Drug Administration's regulatory vaccines committee on Thursday voted to recommend the COVID-19 vaccine developed by Pfizer and BioNTech for emergency use authorization.
U.S. News // 7 hours ago
Ben & Jerry's partners with Colin Kaepernick for 'Change the Whirled' flavor
Dec. 10 (UPI) -- Ben & Jerry's announced a partnership with activist and former NFL quarterback Colin Kaepernick on a new flavor called "Change the Whirled," with proceeds benefitting Know Your Rights Camp.
Trending Stories
U.S. government executes Brandon Bernard for Texas slayings
U.S. sanctions CCP triad leader 'Broken Tooth' for corruption
Joe Biden taps Susan Rice, Denis McDonough for policy, VA posts
More than 100 House Republicans back Texas election challenge
Minneapolis council shifts $8M away from police, but declines to reduce force
Follow Us
Sign up for our daily newsletter
Subscribe
Privacy policy
Photo Gallery
White House Christmas decor celebrates 'America the Beautiful'
Back to Article
/