http://www.mcmedia.com.au/legal/privacy-policy
COVID-19 Coronavirus Update
Company
Management Team
Investor Information
Careers
Sponsorship
News
System Status
Support
Sign In Centre
SmartCentre
Customer Service Desk
1300 228 123
100 gig bendigo
Products
Data
Premium Internet
Business Grade NBN
Managed Network
Managed Firewall
Cloud
OneCloud
Backup as a Service
Virtual Servers
Voice
Business SIP
Private SIP
SIP Classic
Phone Systems
Inbound
BizExpress Line
Small Business
Business NBN & Phone
Business Fixed Lines
Business Group Mobile
Exchange Online
Personal
NBN & Phone
ADSL & Phone
Mobile Plans
Mobile Broadband
Industries
Government
Health
Finance
Renewable Energy
Insights
Why Bendigo Telco?
About Us
Our Service Charter
Community Enterprises
Contact
Company
Management Team
Investor Information
Careers
Sponsorship
News
Support
System Status
Sign In Centre
SmartCentre
Customer Service Desk
1300 228 123
Company Policies
Bendigo Telco prides itself on providing outstanding customer service to all of our clients. You can download company policies via the below links.
Bendigo Telco Acceptable Use Policy
Bendigo Telco Complaints and Feedback Policy
Bendigo Telco Compliance Policy
Bendigo Telco Invoicing Policy
Bendigo Telco Spend Managment Tools
Bendigo Telco Summary Credit Management Policy
Bendigo Telco Summary Financial Hardship Policy
Bendigo Telco Warranty and Repair Policy
Privacy
Bendigo Telco is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Bendigo Telco Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the Bendigo Telco website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
You can download out Privacy Policy via the below link.
Bendigo Telco Privacy Policy
Collection of your Personal Information
Bendigo Telco collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Bendigo Telco also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Bendigo Telco. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by Bendigo Telco for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Bendigo Telco Web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Bendigo Telco public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Bendigo Telco does not read any of your private online communications.
Bendigo Telco encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from Bendigo Telco so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. Bendigo Telco is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Bendigo Telco and Bendigo Telco family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
Bendigo Telco collects and uses your personal information to operate the Bendigo Telco Web site and deliver the services you have requested. Bendigo Telco also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Bendigo Telco and its affiliates. Bendigo Telco may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Bendigo Telco does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Bendigo Telco may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Bendigo Telco may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Bendigo Telco, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Bendigo Telco does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Bendigo Telco keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within Bendigo Telco, in order to determine what Bendigo Telco services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Bendigo Telco to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Bendigo Telco Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Bendigo Telco or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Bendigo Telco; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Bendigo Telco, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Bendigo Telco Web site use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Bendigo Telco pages, or register with Bendigo Telco site or services, a cookie helps Bendigo Telco to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Bendigo Telco Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Bendigo Telco features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Bendigo Telco services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Bendigo Telco secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Bendigo Telco secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
Bendigo Telco will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Bendigo Telco encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Bendigo Telco is protecting your information.
Contact Information
Bendigo Telco welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Bendigo Telco has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Bendigo Telco on 1300 228 123. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
Bendigo Telco
23 McLaren Street Bendigo
ABN: 88 089 782 203
Phone: (03) 5454 5055