http://www.dryday.com/privacy/
Toggle navigation
dryday™
Forecast
Uses
Agriculture
Construction
Cement Contractors
General Contractors
Pavers
Roof Contractors
Event Planning
Film/Video Production
Marketing/Sales Promotion
Ski & Snowboarding
Vacation Planning
Wedding Planning
Features
Locations
Plans & Pricing
Sign in
dryday.com is dedicated to protecting our visitors privacy. This privacy statement describes how personal information is collected and used on this site. By using dryday.com, you signify your acceptance of this Privacy Statement. If dryday.com updates or changes this Privacy Statement, the changes will be made on this page. Your continued use of dryday.com following the posting of changes to this Privacy Statement will mean you accept those changes. If you do not accept the terms, please refrain from using the dryday Web site.
dryday.com is commited to protecting your privacy. dryday.com does not sell, rent, or otherwise distribute your personal information to third parties. The only personal information that we gather is what you provide to us voluntarily via online registration forms, questionnaires, and emails. This data, which may include your name, phone number, email or mailing address, is used solely by dryday.com for one of the following purposes: (1) to provide you with further information and updates on our own products, services, special offers and future events; and (2) to improve the effectiveness of this Web site. If you do not want to receive future information from dryday.com, please contact us.
dryday.com uses Google Analytics to analyze data from cookies. It collects information such as how often users visit this site, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other sites they used prior to coming to this site. Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit this site. It does not collect name or other identifying information.
Sitemap
Home
Features
Plans & Pricing
About
Terms
Privacy
Blog
Contact
Sign in
Social Media