http://www.mcmedia.com.au/legal/sfoa-compliance
COVID-19 Coronavirus Update
Company
Management Team
Investor Information
Careers
Sponsorship
News
System Status
Support
Sign In Centre
SmartCentre
Customer Service Desk
1300 228 123
100 gig bendigo
Products
Data
Premium Internet
Business Grade NBN
Managed Network
Managed Firewall
Cloud
OneCloud
Backup as a Service
Virtual Servers
Voice
Business SIP
Private SIP
SIP Classic
Phone Systems
Inbound
BizExpress Line
Small Business
Business NBN & Phone
Business Fixed Lines
Business Group Mobile
Exchange Online
Personal
NBN & Phone
ADSL & Phone
Mobile Plans
Mobile Broadband
Industries
Government
Health
Finance
Renewable Energy
Insights
Why Bendigo Telco?
About Us
Our Service Charter
Community Enterprises
Contact
Company
Management Team
Investor Information
Careers
Sponsorship
News
Support
System Status
Sign In Centre
SmartCentre
Customer Service Desk
1300 228 123
Standard agreements and compliance
Managing your Premium Services
To help you understand and manage your use of Premium services please download the brochure below.
Download Premium Services brochure
Managing age restricted content on your mobile and the internet
This brochure will help you understand what age restricted content is and how you can protect your children from viewing inappropriate content on a mobile (through Premium Services or the internet), or on a computer connected to the internet.
Download Age Restricted Content brochure
Calling number display
A 'Help docs' page has been set up to provide you with information about what 'calling number display' is and how it works. For more information go here.
Service
Bendigo Telco does not offer Priority Assistance Services.
SFOA Summary Section 4 Services, Priority Assistance for Life Threatening Medical conditions (ACIF C609:2007) section 4.10.7
Standard Form of Agreement and policy documents
In accordance with statutory and regulatory compliance regimes, please find below links to Bendigo Telco's Standard Form of Agreement (SFOA) documents and Schedule of Charges. For all other policy documents, please visit our Privacy and Policy Page here.
SFOA Full
SFOA Summary
Schedule of Charges
Product terms
Product terms are specific to the product or service that you acquire from us. Under this section you will find links to the product terms for both current and retired offers as well as Critical Information Summaries for offers that are currently available.
Product terms as separated into 2 separate categories;
1. Current Active Offers. These are offers which customers can connect new services on today. The Critical Information Summaries of the Current Active Offers can be downloaded here.
2. Offers no longer available for sale. These are offers that customers can no longer connect new services on. The Rate Cards of the offers no longer available for sale can be downloaded here.
Customer Service Guarantee
For our customer service guarantee, please refer to the website below:
Australian Communications and Media Authority website
Telecommunications Consumer Protection Code
Bendigo Telco is committed to running our operations in a compliant manner. As a member of the telecommunications industry, we are regulated by the Federal Government and are principally bound by:
Commonwealth and state legislation – such as the Telecommunications Act (1997) the Australian Consumer Law (2010) and Privacy Act (1988)
Industry codes and guidelines – such as the Telecommunications Consumer Protection Code C628:2019.
Our own internal policies and procedures.
The TCP Code is a code of conduct for the Telecommunications Industry in Australia. It provides community safeguards in the areas of sales, service and contracts, billing, credit and debt management, changing suppliers, and complaint handling.
Further information on the TCP Code can be found here.
Other policies
Loan Router Acceptable Use