http://www.iolaregister.com/privacy-policy
Subscribe
News
Ask the Register
Local News
National News
State News
World News
Sports
Athletes of the Month
Opinion
Editorials
Columnists
Letters to the Editor
Community
Announcements
Around Town
Lifestyle
Powers That Be
Marketplace
Obits
More
Photos
Special Sections
Registered Podcast
Place a Public Notice
Search Public Notices
Menu
Search
Log in
Privacy Policy
The
Iola Register’s website collects information when you submit an online form,
subscribe online, enter a contest, or send us an email. Supplying information
is not required, but you may not be able to access the entire site or participate
in certain contests if you do not provide information. Our software can monitor
IP addresses and other information about what you view on the site. We do not
pull individual information out of these logs. We do use statistical
information to help us understand how users view our sites.
The
Iola Register’s website uses outside providers for several of our website
services. We do not control their privacy policies or the privacy policies of
our advertisers.
Advertisers
and third parties also may collect information about your activity on our sites
and applications, on devices associated with you, and on third-party sites and
applications using tracking technologies. Tracking data collected by these
advertisers and third parties is used to decide which ads you see both on our
sites and applications and on third-party sites and applications but does not
identify you personally and is not associated with your registration account.
You
may choose not to receive targeted advertising from many ad networks, data
exchanges, marketing analytics and other service providers. You may also choose
to control targeted advertising you receive within applications by using your
mobile device settings (for example, by re-setting your device’s advertising
identifier and/or opting out of interest-based ads). We adhere to the Digital
Advertising Alliance’s Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral
Advertising.