http://www.oaoa.com/site/privacy.html
Close
December 11, 2020
Welcome!
Login|Signup
Login|My Dashboard|Register
Logout|My Dashboard
Email Alerts
Online Edition
Subscribe
Privacy Policy - Odessa American: Site
55°
Rain
Odessa American
News
Business
Crime
Government
In the Pipeline
Fire and Rescue
Education
Roads
State
Nation & World
Multimedia
OA 75th Anniversary
App for Android & iOS
PR Media news releases
Opinion
Views
Local Columnists
Columns
Letters to the Editor
People
Ticket
Religion
Lifestyle
Entertainment
Food
Health
Sports
Permian
Odessa High
OA Varsity
UTPB
Odessa College
Jackalopes
RockHounds
Sockers
Sports Wire
Newsletters
Community
Obituaries
Death Notices
West Texas Brides
Anniversaries
Good News
Legal Notices
Newspaper in Education
NIE Teacher Order Form
Marketplace
At Your Service
Business Weekly
Medically Speaking
I Shop West Texas
Specialty Products
Best of the Basin
Customer Service
Subscribe
Activate Account
Start/Stop Delivery
Pay Your Bill
Complaints
About Us
Contact Us
Submit News
Advertise
Privacy Policy
Anniversary Announcements
Sign up for Newspapers.com
How to Buy a Local Photo
Classifieds
Jobs
Homes
Autos
Careers
Advertise
Don't Miss:
E-edition
Photos and Videos
Oil & Gas news: In the Pipeline
High school sports
Archives
Texas news
US carries out rare execution during presidential transition
Updated:
12:08 am
Hundreds of GOP members sign onto Texas-led election lawsuit
Updated:
Yesterday
US carries out 9th federal execution of 2020, 1st during a presidential lame-duck period in 130 years
Updated:
Yesterday
Winning Numbers
Galleries
6 photos
ORMC Healthcare Supporters
8 photos
Quintuplet Baby Shower
16 photos
Boys High School Basketball: Big Spring at OHS
8 photos
ORMC Covid Testing
9 photos
Community Christmas Tree Lighting Ceremony
2 photos
GOOD NEWS: Supporting the Blue
10 photos
Junior League of Odessa's Christmas Carriage Rides
11 photos
Boys High School Basketball: OHS at Crane
More Galleries
Videos
Malcolm Hamilton Riding for a Cause
Victim Hearing
Permian Symphonic Orchestra 2019 Spooktacular
Expedition Royalty Drawing Wanda Henderson
Expedition Royalty Ryan Turner Billy Fennebresque
OHS Broncho Band 2019 UIL Region VI Performance
Midland Lee High Rebel Band 2019 UIL Region VI Performance
Mojo Band 2019 UIL Region VI Performance
Calendar
Events
Friday
11
Burritos for the Basin
Fri, Dec 11, 11:00 am CST
Tortas & More, Andrews
rss
People
Warm up with Hamburger Minestrone Soup
CATES: HIV and AIDS Awareness Month
Seminarian gets experience at St. Stephen’s
MASTER GARDENERS: Great gift ideas for the gardener in your life
GARDENING: Composting reduces waste, conserves water
Church News
Braswell: How valuable our faith is
HAVE NEWS? SUBMIT IT HERE
HAVE NEWS? SUBMIT IT HERE We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Get to know our reporters and send tips their way.
Submit news
Site
Privacy
Privacy Policy
Posted: Wednesday, June 27, 2012 9:53 am |
Updated: Tuesday, December 18, 2012 12:18 pm.
This is the Privacy Policy for all Web sites owned or operated by Aim Media Texas  ("Aim" "we" or "our"), including, without limitation the Web sites listed here http://www.aimmediatexas.com/properties/  (collectively, the "Site"). We respect your privacy and appreciate the confidence you have placed in the Site. We are committed to protecting your privacy and preserving your trust. Please carefully review this Privacy Policy to learn about how we collect, use, and protect any personal information you provide us and your choices for managing your personal information. This Privacy Policy is subject to the This will need to be our url for the PP. posted on the Site.
Managing Information Preferences
We want to communicate with you only if you want to hear from us. If you have questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy or if you wish to exclude your personal information from our direct marketing purposes, please feel free to contact us at:
1400 E. Nolana Loop
McAllen, TX 78504
E-mail: pp@aimmediatx.com
If you would like to correct, update, or change your personal information with us please contact us the same way.
What Types Of Information Do We Collect?
We collect information that may personally identify you (such as your name, address, telephone number, email address, billing information, or other data which can be reasonably linked to such information) only if you choose to share such information with us. For example, we may collect personal information from you when you register on the Site, subscribe to one of our services, enter sweepstakes, contests or other promotions, and at other times. We also collect credit card information in connection with any purchase you make on or through the Site. The decision to provide this information is optional; however, if you decide not to register or provide such information, you may not be able to use certain features of the Site or other services.
We may automatically collect non-personal information that does not identify an individual user, such as IP (internet protocol) address, ISP (internet service provider), the Web browser used to visit the Site, the time the Site is visited, which Web pages were visited on the Site, a unique mobile device identifier (in connection with the use of the Sites or related services from mobile devices) and other anonymous Site usage data.
We also use cookies (a small file containing a string of characters that uniquely identifies your Web browser) and Web beacons (an electronic file placed within a Web site that monitors usage). We use cookies and Web beacons to improve the quality of the Site. Most Web browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, but you can reset your Web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, certain features of the Site may not work if you delete or disable cookies. Certain of our Service Providers (defined below) may use cookies and Web beacons in connection with the services they perform on our behalf, including, without limitation, ad serving.
How Do We Use The Information We Collect?
We will not sell, share, or rent personal information to third parties, and we will not otherwise disclose personal information to third parties, without your permission, except as disclosed in this Privacy Policy.
We use personal information and non-personal information for internal purposes, including:
enhancing your experience at the Site;
performing administration and technical support for the Site;
enabling you to enter sweepstakes, contests and other promotions;
enabling you to use certain services and features available on or through the Site;
creating aggregate information about demographics and usage patterns;
inviting our promotional vendors and advertisers—with your permission—to call to your attention special offers, products and services that may be of interest to you; and
enabling purchases of goods and services.
We may use aggregate information to measure general Site usage patterns and characteristics of our user base, and we may include such aggregate information about our audience in reports to our commercial vendors. We may also disclose aggregated user statistics (for example, a certain percentage of our users live in a certain area) without your permission in order to describe our audience to existing and prospective advertisers or other third parties. However, this aggregate information does not reference names, phone numbers, e-mail addresses, or other personal information, and it is not traceable to a specific recipient or user e-mail address.
We also may share personal information with entities controlling, controlled by, or under common control with AIM. In the event that AIM is merged, or in the event of a transfer of our assets, we may disclose or transfer your personal information and non-personal information in connection with such transaction.
From time to time, we might establish a business relationship with other persons or entities whom we believe trustworthy and whom we have asked to confirm that their privacy practices are consistent with ours ("Service Providers"). For example, we may contract with Service Providers to provide certain services including credit card processing, advertising, promotions, analytics tools, data management, Web hosting, and Web development. We provide our Service Providers with the information needed for them to perform these services. Each Service Provider must agree to implement and maintain reasonable security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of your information in order to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure.
We may work with third-party advertising companies which may use information about your visit to the Site in order to provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you on the Site and on third-party Web sites. From the Site, these companies may place or recognize a unique cookie on your computer or use other technologies such as Web beacons or pixel tags. Our Privacy Policy does not cover any use of information that a third-party advertisement serving company may collect from you. For more information about ad cookies and companies that provide users the ability to "opt-out" of the collection of information from such cookies, please click here <<a href="http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp">http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp&gt; .
Although unlikely, in certain instances we may disclose your personal information when we have reason to believe it is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against persons or entities who may be causing injury to you, to AIM  or its affiliates, or to others. We may also disclose your personal information when we believe the law or legal process requires such disclosure. Please note that courts of equity, such as U.S. Bankruptcy Courts, may have the authority under certain circumstances to permit your personal information to be shared or transferred to third parties without your permission.
Security
We use encryption and authentication tools to protect the security of personal information that you share with us. However, no data transmission over the Internet (or, with respect to our mobile services, over cellular phone networks) can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect personal information, we cannot and do not guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to or from the Site, and you do so at your own risk.
Links To Third-Party Web Sites
The Site may contain links to Web sites operated and maintained by third parties, over which we have no control. Privacy policies on such linked Web sites may be different from our Privacy Policy. You access such linked Web sites at your own risk. You should always read the privacy policy of a linked Web site before disclosing any personal information on such site.
Discussion Board, Forums and Other User Generated Content
Our online chat areas, bulletin boards, social networks, mobile messaging services, other public forums and user-generated content (i.e., photos, videos) can be a useful way for you to express yourself to other online users. When you post messages or otherwise use these features, the information that you provide (including personal information) may be publicly available to, collected by, and used by third parties. We are not responsible for the content of such messages or images posted by users or such disclosures of personal information.
Children's Privacy Statement
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personal information from a child under the age of 13, we will delete such information from our records.
Policy Changes
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, in whole or in part, we will inform you by posting the changed Privacy Policy on the Site. Your continued use of the Site constitutes your agreement to abide by the Privacy Policy as changed. If you object to any such changes, your sole recourse shall be to cease using the Site.
Effective Date7/1/2012
More pages from this section:
About Us
Advertise with us!
Contacts
Employment Application
Epaper Help
Rack Locations
Rate Cards
Terms of Use
Custom Search
Site
Web
Today's Edition
CLICK HERE to view full version
of OA Social Marketplace.
tab 0
tab 1
tab 2
Popular
Commented
Facebook Activity
Stories
Two women charged in connection to fatal shooting
Man charged in connection to fatal shooting
Woman fatally shot in Odessa
Man charged with sexually assaulting child multiple times
Police warn public of skimmer devices
More
Photos
More
Videos
More
Odessa, TX
Current Conditions
Rain
55°
Humidity: 95%
Winds: SSE at 4mph
Feels Like: 54°
Your Extended Forecast
Tomorrow
High 80°/Low 48°
Showers possible. Lows overnight in the upper 40s.
friday
High 67°/Low 37°
Abundant sunshine. Highs in the upper 60s and lows in the upper 30s.
saturday
High 64°/Low 42°
Times of sun and clouds. Highs in the mid 60s and lows in the low 40s.
7 Day Forecast
Online Features
Real Estate
Top things homeowners forget when pre...
Brandpoint (BPT)
Jumping on the real estate boom? Do y...
Brandpoint (BPT)
People everywhere are being priced ou...
Brandpoint (BPT)
5 tips to turn your garage into an al...
Brandpoint (BPT)
5 top tips for refinishing hardwood f...
Brandpoint (BPT)
5 tips to save on higher energy costs
Brandpoint (BPT)
3 unexpected ways to save time and mo...
Brandpoint (BPT)
DIY projects that will have you falli...
Brandpoint (BPT)
Haven't you always wanted a high-end ...
Brandpoint (BPT)
5 do's and don’ts of fire safety
Brandpoint (BPT)
Pet Central
Having a pet is a lot of responsibility, and we’ll help by giving you lots of tips and tricks! More >>
Fitness
Our fitness articles will help teach you how to work out with gym- and home-based exercises. More >>
Crosswords
Enjoy the crosswords challenge in our free daily puzzles, from the harder Sunday crossword to the quicker daily. More >>
Sudoku
Every Sudoku has a unique solution that can be reached logically. Enter numbers into the blank spaces so that each row, column and 3x3 box contains the numbers 1 to 9. More >>
MyOAOA
ALL-ACCESS: Subscribe to our e-edition and premium website at myoaoa.com.
You can read your daily newspaper without taking a walk to the driveway.Look back at yesterday's newspaper, or issues from months ago with our archive feature.
Call circulation at 432-337-7314 to sign up today.
Facebook
Twitter
Marketplace
John's Corner
Odessa,
TX
432-362-0004
OA Advertising
Odessa,
TX
432-333-7602
Basin Podiatry
Odessa,
TX
432-550-3668
Odessa American
Odessa,
TX
432-337-4661
Find Local Businesses
Search
Popular Searches
|
Browse By Category
Popular Categories
Attorneys & Lawyers
Automobile Dealers
Automobile Parts
Automobile Service
Beauty Salons
Clothing Stores
Computers
Dentists
Entertainment
Food & Dining
Movie Theaters
Physicians & Surgeons
Pizza
Plumbing Contractors
Real Estate
Ads by Google
Site
Web
Custom Search
Advertising
Advertising Info
Place An Ad
Co-op Advertising
Rate Cards
Subscriber Services
E-Newsletters/Alerts
Missing Paper
Subscribe
Online Services
RSS Feeds
Odessa WebSites
OAvarsity.com
BasinJobs.com
BasinHomes.com
BasinMotors.com
Copyright © 2017
Careers |
Autos | Homes | Jobs | Classifieds | Archives
AIM Media TX LLC
© Copyright 2020, Odessa American, Odessa, TX. Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com. [Terms of Use | Privacy Policy]
Login Now
Need an account? Create one now.