http://www.dailyrepublic.com/terms-of-service
Home
Subscribe Now
My Account
Login
Newsletter
Classifieds
Events Calendar
News of the Day
Veterans Day Tribute 2020
Solano News
Tools
Community News & Views
The Wires
Opinion
Sports
Obituaries
Solano Responds to Coronavirus (click for more)
Solano Life 2020
Local Professional Services
Jobs & Careers
FAIRFIELD-SUISUN, CALIFORNIA
Terms of Service
NOTE: Our Terms of Service has changed effective April 30, 2015.
McNaughton Newspapers, Inc. (“McNaughton”) operates several websites including mcnaughton.media, dailyrepublic.com, mtdemocrat.com, villagelife.com, wintersexpress.com and gtgazette.com. It is McNaughton’s policy to enforce a Terms of Service for our websites.
The following terms and conditions govern all use of the McNaughton websites, applications and all content, services and products available at or through the website, including, but not limited to, local news (taken together, the Website). The Website is offered subject to your acceptance without modification of all of the terms and conditions contained herein and all other operating rules, policies (including, without limitation, McNaughton’s Privacy Policy) and procedures that may be published from time to time on this Site by McNaughton (collectively, the “Agreement”). Your agreement is with McNaughton Newspapers, Inc. (US).
Please read this Agreement carefully before accessing or using the Website. By accessing or using any part of the website, you agree to become bound by the terms and conditions of this agreement. If you do not agree to all the terms and conditions of this agreement, then you may not access the Website or use any services. If these terms and conditions are considered an offer by McNaughton, acceptance is expressly limited to these terms.
The Website is not directed to children younger than 13, and service on the Website is only offered to users 13 years of age or older. If you are under 13 years old, please do not register to use the Website. Any person who registers as a user or provides their personal information to the Website represents that they are 13 years of age or older.
Your McNaughton Account and Site. If you create a blog on the Website, you are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and blog, and you are fully responsible for all activities that occur under the account and any other actions taken in connection with the blog. You must not describe or assign keywords to your blog in a misleading or unlawful manner, including in a manner intended to trade on the name or reputation of others, and McNaughton may change or remove any description or keyword that it considers inappropriate or unlawful, or otherwise likely to cause McNaughton liability. You must immediately notify McNaughton of any unauthorized uses of your blog, your account or any other breaches of security. McNaughton will not be liable for any acts or omissions by You, including any damages of any kind incurred as a result of such acts or omissions.
Content
(A) We may now or in the future permit users to post, upload, transmit through, or otherwise make available on the Website (collectively, “submit”) messages, text, illustrations, files, images, graphics, photos, comments, sounds, music, videos, information, content, and/or other materials (“User Content”). Subject to the rights and license you grant herein, you retain all right, title and interest in your User Content. We do not guarantee any confidentiality with respect to User Content even if it is not published on the Website. It is solely your responsibility to monitor and protect any intellectual property rights that you may have in your User Content, and we do not accept any responsibility for the same.
(B) You shall not submit any User Content protected by copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, moral right, or other intellectual property or proprietary right without the express permission of the owner of the respective right. You are solely liable for any damage resulting from your failure to obtain such permission or from any other harm resulting from User Content that you submit.
(C) You will not submit any User Content that:
(i) violates or infringes in any way upon the rights of others, including, but not limited to, any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, moral right, or other intellectual property or proprietary right of any person or entity;
(ii) impersonates another or is unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, vulgar, obscene, profane, pornographic, or otherwise objectionable;
(iii) encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any law;
(iv) is an advertisement for goods or services or a solicitation of funds;
(v) includes personal information such as messages which identify phone numbers, social security numbers, account numbers, addresses, or employer references;
(vi) contains a formula, instruction, or advice that could cause harm or injury; or
(vii) is a chain letter of any kind.
Responsibility of Contributors.
If you operate a blog, comment on a blog, post material to the Website, post links on the Website, or otherwise make (or allow any third party to make) material available by means of the Website (any such material, “Content”), you are entirely responsible for the content of, and any harm resulting from, that Content. That is the case regardless of what form the Content takes, which includes, but is not limited to text, photo, video, audio, or code. By making Content available, you represent and warrant that your content does not violate these terms or the User Guidelines.
By submitting Content to McNaughton for inclusion on our Website, you grant McNaughton a world-wide, royalty-free, and non-exclusive license to reproduce, modify, adapt and publish the Content solely for the purpose of displaying, distributing, and promoting your blog. This license allows McNaughton to make publicly-posted content available to third parties selected by McNaughton (through the McNaughton Firehose, for example) so that these third parties can analyze and distribute (but not publicly display) your content through their services.
You also give other McNaughton users permission to share your Content on other McNaughton sites and add their own Content to it (aka to reblog your Content), so long as they use only a portion of your post and they give you credit as the original author by linking back to your site (the reblogging function on McNaughton does this automatically!).
If you delete Content, McNaughton will use reasonable efforts to remove it from the Website, but you acknowledge that caching or references to the Content may not be made immediately unavailable.
Without limiting any of those representations or warranties, McNaughton has the right (though not the obligation) to, in McNaughton’s sole discretion (i) refuse or remove any content that, in McNaughton’s reasonable opinion, violates any McNaughton policy or is in any way harmful or objectionable, or (ii) terminate or deny access to and use of the Website to any individual or entity for any reason, in McNaughton’s sole discretion. McNaughton will have no obligation to provide a refund of any amounts previously paid.
Payment and Renewal.
General Terms.
Optional paid services such as extra storage, or domain purchases are available on the Website (any such services, an “Upgrade”). By selecting an Upgrade you agree to pay McNaughton the monthly or annual subscription fees indicated for that service. Payments will be charged on a pre-pay basis on the day you sign up for an Upgrade and will cover the use of that service for a monthly or annual subscription period as indicated. Upgrade fees are not refundable.
Automatic Renewal.
Unless you notify McNaughton before the end of the applicable subscription period that you want to cancel an Upgrade, your Upgrade subscription will automatically renew and you authorize us to collect the then-applicable annual or monthly subscription fee for such Upgrade (as well as any taxes) using any credit card or other payment mechanism we have on record for you. Upgrades can be canceled at any time in the Upgrades section of your site’s dashboard.
Responsibility of Website Visitors. McNaughton has not reviewed, and cannot review, all of the material, including computer software, posted to the Website, and cannot therefore be responsible for that material’s content, use or effects. By operating the Website, McNaughton does not represent or imply that it endorses the material there posted, or that it believes such material to be accurate, useful or non-harmful. You are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself and your computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful or destructive content. The Website may contain content that is offensive, indecent, or otherwise objectionable, as well as content containing technical inaccuracies, typographical mistakes, and other errors. The Website may also contain material that violates the privacy or publicity rights, or infringes the intellectual property and other proprietary rights, of third parties, or the downloading, copying or use of which is subject to additional terms and conditions, stated or unstated. McNaughton disclaims any responsibility for any harm resulting from the use by visitors of the Website, or from any downloading by those visitors of content there posted.
Content Posted on Other Websites. We have not reviewed, and cannot review, all of the material, including computer software, made available through the websites and webpages to which McNaughton links, and that link to McNaughton. McNaughton does not have any control over those non-McNaughton websites and webpages, and is not responsible for their contents or their use. By linking to a non-McNaughton website or webpage, McNaughton does not represent or imply that it endorses such website or webpage. You are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself and your computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful or destructive content. McNaughton disclaims any responsibility for any harm resulting from your use of non-McNaughton websites and webpages.
Copyright Infringement and DMCA Policy. As McNaughton asks others to respect its intellectual property rights, it respects the intellectual property rights of others. If you believe that material located on or linked to by McNaughton violates your copyright, you are encouraged to notify McNaughton in accordance with McNaughton’s Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) Policy. McNaughton will respond to all such notices, including as required or appropriate by removing the infringing material or disabling all links to the infringing material. McNaughton will terminate a visitor’s access to and use of the Website if, under appropriate circumstances, the visitor is determined to be a repeat infringer of the copyrights or other intellectual property rights of McNaughton or others. In the case of such termination, McNaughton will have no obligation to provide a refund of any amounts previously paid to McNaughton.
Intellectual Property. This Agreement does not transfer from McNaughton to you any McNaughton or third party intellectual property, and all right, title and interest in and to such property will remain (as between the parties) solely with McNaughton. McNaughton, McNaughton, McNaughton, the McNaughton logo, and all other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with McNaughton, or the Website are trademarks or registered trademarks of McNaughton or McNaughton’s licensors. Other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with the Website may be the trademarks of other third parties. Your use of the Website grants you no right or license to reproduce or otherwise use any McNaughton or third-party trademarks.
Advertisements. McNaughton reserves the right to display advertisements on your blog unless you have purchased an Ad-free Upgrade.
Attribution. McNaughton reserves the right to display attribution links such as ‘Blog at McNaughton,’ theme author, and font attribution in your blog footer or toolbar. Footer credits and the McNaughton toolbar may not be altered or removed regardless of upgrades purchased.
Changes. We are constantly updating our services, and that means sometimes we have to change the legal terms under which our services are offered. If we make changes that are material, we will let you know by posting on one of our blogs, or by sending you an email or other communication before the changes take effect. The notice will designate a reasonable period of time after which the new Terms will take effect. If you disagree with our changes, then you should stop using McNaughton within the designated notice period. Your continued use of McNaughton will be subject to the new Terms. However, any dispute that arose before the changes shall be governed by the Terms (including the binding individual arbitration clause) that were in place when the dispute arose.
Termination. McNaughton may terminate your access to all or any part of the Website at any time, with or without cause, with or without notice, effective immediately. If you wish to terminate this Agreement or your McNaughton account (if you have one), you may simply discontinue using the Website. All provisions of this Agreement which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
Disclaimer of Warranties. The Website is provided “as is”. McNaughton and its suppliers and licensors hereby disclaim all warranties of any kind, express or implied, including, without limitation, the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Neither McNaughton nor its suppliers and licensors, makes any warranty that the Website will be error free or that access thereto will be continuous or uninterrupted. If you’re actually reading this, here’s a treat. You understand that you download from, or otherwise obtain content or services through, the Website at your own discretion and risk.
Limitation of Liability. In no event will McNaughton, or its suppliers or licensors, be liable with respect to any subject matter of this agreement under any contract, negligence, strict liability or other legal or equitable theory for: (i) any special, incidental or consequential damages; (ii) the cost of procurement for substitute products or services; (iii) for interruption of use or loss or corruption of data; or (iv) for any amounts that exceed the fees paid by you to McNaughton under this agreement during the twelve (12) month period prior to the cause of action. McNaughton shall have no liability for any failure or delay due to matters beyond their reasonable control. The foregoing shall not apply to the extent prohibited by applicable law.
General Representation and Warranty. You represent and warrant that (i) your use of the Website will be in strict accordance with the McNaughton Privacy Policy, with this Agreement and with all applicable laws and regulations (including without limitation any local laws or regulations in your country, state, city, or other governmental area, regarding online conduct and acceptable content, and including all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country in which you reside) and (ii) your use of the Website will not infringe or misappropriate the intellectual property rights of any third party.
Indemnification. You agree to indemnify and hold harmless McNaughton, its contractors, and its licensors, and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents from and against any and all claims and expenses, including attorneys’ fees, arising out of your use of the Website, including but not limited to your violation of this Agreement.
Translation. These Terms of Service were originally written in English (US). We may translate these Terms into other languages. In the event of a conflict between a translated version of these Terms of Service and the English version, the English version will control.
Miscellaneous. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between McNaughton and you concerning the subject matter hereof, and they may only be modified by a written amendment signed by an authorized executive of McNaughton, or by the posting by McNaughton of a revised version. Except to the extent applicable law, if any, provides otherwise, this Agreement, any access to or use of the Website will be governed by the laws of the state of California, U.S.A., excluding its conflict of law provisions, and the proper venue for any disputes arising out of or relating to any of the same will be the state and federal courts located in San Francisco County, California. Except for claims for injunctive or equitable relief or claims regarding intellectual property rights (which may be brought in any competent court without the posting of a bond), any dispute arising under this Agreement shall be finally settled in accordance with the Comprehensive Arbitration Rules of the Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Service, Inc. (“JAMS”) by three arbitrators appointed in accordance with such Rules. The arbitration shall take place in San Francisco, California, in the English language and the arbitral decision may be enforced in any court. The prevailing party in any action or proceeding to enforce this Agreement shall be entitled to costs and attorneys’ fees. If any part of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable, that part will be construed to reflect the parties’ original intent, and the remaining portions will remain in full force and effect. A waiver by either party of any term or condition of this Agreement or any breach thereof, in any one instance, will not waive such term or condition or any subsequent breach thereof. You may assign your rights under this Agreement to any party that consents to, and agrees to be bound by, its terms and conditions; McNaughton may assign its rights under this Agreement without condition. This Agreement will be binding upon and will inure to the benefit of the parties, their successors and permitted assigns.
This terms of service policy is a modified version penned by Automattic and is licensed under a Creative Commons Sharealike.
Special Publications
Quick Links
My Account
NewsFeed
Commentary
Print Edition
Twitter Feed
Facebook Page
Customer Service (About Us; Vacation Stop; Submit at Item for Publication; Advertise; Help Tools)
Gold Mine: December 2020Home Seller 12-04-2020Holiday Wish Book 2020Veterans Day Tribute 2020How To Guide 2020Discover Solano Fall/Winter 2020Solano Life 2020Medical Guide 2020Women of Influence 2020Readers’ Choice 2021 – Vote Now!
Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service (updated 4/30/2015) and Privacy Policy (updated 4/7/2015).
Copyright (c) 2020 McNaughton Newspapers, Inc., a family-owned local media company that proudly publishes the Daily Republic, Mountain Democrat, Davis Enterprise, Village Life, Winters Express, Georgetown Gazette, EDC Adventures, and other community-driven publications.