https://www.newsflashing.com/privacy-policy
You are here: Home »
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Written by NF_Editor
December 28, 2014
Privacy Policy2020-06-26T01:18:19+08:00
At NewsFlashing.com we have no intention of trying to capture any of your personal information, and we do not use cookies to track your online activity. You have no reason to be concerned about the use of your personal information because we’ll never ask you for it.
RSS Feeds and Email Updates
If a user wishes to subscribe to our RSS Feeds or Email Updates, we may ask for contact information such as name and email address. Users may opt-out of these communications at any time. Your personal information will never be sold or given to a third party. (You will never be spammed by us – ever)
Log Files and Stats
Like most blogging platforms we use log files, in this case Awstats and StatPress. This stores information such as internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring, exit and visited pages, platform used, date/time stamp, track user’s movement in the whole, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s computer tied to information about the user. This blog doesn’t use cookies. However, some of our business partners may use cookies on their site (for example – advertisers). We can’t access or control these cookies once the advertisers have set them.
Links
This Blog contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of these other sites. We suggest users to be aware of this when they leave this blog and to read the privacy statements of each and every site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Blog.
Photos
This blog used original or edited photos from istockphoto.com and gettyimages.com. Please be aware that downloading the photos for the purpose of distribution, selling, or commercial use is not allowed.
Advertisers
We use outside advertising companies to display ads on this blog. These ads may contain cookies and are collected by the advertising companies and we do not have access to this information. We are associated publisher for the following advertising companies: Google Adsense, Shareasale, Amazon, etc. Please check the advertisers websites for respective privacy policies.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Browse and Search
Search Posts
Search for:
Browse CategoriesBrowse Categories
Select Category
Advice  (81)
Article  (2)
Business  (135)
Computer  (3)
Crazy  (17)
Design  (9)
Development  (10)
Education  (19)
Entertainment  (30)
Fashion  (9)
Finance  (4)
Headline  (38)
Knowledge  (45)
Lifestyle  (141)
Tech  (64)
Latest Posts
How to live a balanced lifestyle in college
Key Factors That Seriously Impact Forex Trading
Improving Roads in European Cities during COVID-19
Why Have Health Apps Become So Popular?
5 DIY Tips to Improve Streaming Video Online
10 Most Important iPhone Security and Privacy Settings
5 Ways to File for Divorce Online in Utah | Things to Know
Should You Build an Addition or Move?
Savvy Shopping – 5 Things To Check Before Buying Something Online
Home Buying Mistakes to Avoid
A Great Weekend at Muay Thai Camp and Boxing in Thailand for You
Is it Illegal to use 123Movies in the US?
7 Clear Signs That You May Have Problems With Your Teeth
What You Should do in Ogunquit Maine
This Is Halloween: 8 Effective Tips on How To Decorate Your Home