http://www.thejournalnews.com/story/news/local/rockland/2020/09/25/nurse-helps-haiti-us-prepare-disasters-wins-jefferson-award/3529147001/
ROCKLANDSpring Valley nurse wins national award known as 'Nobel Prize for Public Service'Nancy CutlerRockland/Westchester Journal NewsView Comments A Spring Valley nurse and Pace University doctoral candidate has won a 2020 Jefferson Award, which honors "top change makers and ordinary citizens" for acts of public service.Jacqueline Cassagnol was given the honor by the nonprofit Multiplying Good for her volunteer work in Haiti and her subsequent creation of Worldwide Community First Responder, Inc. Cassagnol's nonprofit has provided more than 350,000 people with health education, first-aid and disaster preparedness training in the United States and Haiti. Cassagnol, representing Pace University, and Anne Corelli of Coca Cola were honored for outstanding public service.This year's other recipients of the award, known as the “Nobel Prize for Public Service,” include actress and activist Kristen Bell, Youth Villages CEO Patrick Lawler, and TOMS clothing brand. Cassagnol, a doctoral candidate in nursing at Pace’s College of Health Professions, is the first student from Pace to earn the national honor.The Brooklyn-born Cassagnol has spent many childhood school breaks in Haiti with her grandparents. After the devastating 2010 earthquake, she joined Rockland relief teams.POINTS OF LIGHT: Thornwood woman honored for anti-suicide workCOVID VACCINE: How New York will prioritize who gets itNO BUS: Rockland commuters blast COVID-19 service cutsCassagnol said that during a first-aid training in Haiti someone stood up and said, "If only we knew what you are saying right now fewer people would have died in the earthquake."After hearing that, Cassagnol said, "I broke down. That's what made me want to do this work."So she founded WCFR. A member of the Haitian American Nurses Association, Cassagnol has also been named a “safe community” award winner by Volunteer New York and a “nurse of the year” by March of Dimes New York. The U.S. Haitian Chamber of Commerce named her a Haitian American Young Citizen of the Year in March. In June 2019, she was a finalist for the Yankees' Nurse Hero award.Her PhD dissertation focuses on disaster preparedness. Nancy Cutler writes about People & Policy. Click here for her latest stories. Follow her on Twitter at @nancyrockland. Support local journalism; go to lohud.com/specialoffer to find out how.View Comments