http://www.lufkindailynews.com/site/privacy.html
Sign Up
Log In
Dashboard
Logout
My Account
Dashboard
Profile
Saved items
Logout
Sections
Search
SUBSCRIBE
PAY BILL
Home
About Us
Contact Us
Subscribe/Renew
Submission Forms
Join Our Team
News
Local & State
Nation
World
Police & Public Record
FYI
Weather
Archive
Submit Your News Tip
Stocks
Business
Bright Star
News from Nacogdoches
E-Edition
Obituaries
Opinion
Local Columns
Editorials
Letters
Sports
High School
College
Outdoors
Pro Football
College Football
Life
Community News
Church News
Church Directory
adventist
assembly_of_god
baptist
bible_church
catholic
christian
christian_scientist
church_of_christ
church_of_god
congregational
episcopal
Inter-Denominational
jewish
lutheran
methodist
nazarene
Non-Denominational
pentecostal
presbyterian
salvation_army
unitarian
Births
Celebrations
Special Sections
Fun/TV
Comics
More Comics
Puzzles
More Games & Puzzles
Kid Scoop
TV
Advertise
Buy an Ad
Digital Marketing
Pay Advertising Bill
Classifieds
Automotive
Real Estate
Employment
Merchandise
Place an Ad
COVID-19
Home
Site
Site
Southern Newspapers Inc., owner of The Lufkin Daily News and www.LufkinDailyNews.com, is committed to maintaining the privacy of personal information that you provide to us when using our web site and related online services.This Privacy Policy describes how we treat personal information received about you when you visit or subscribe to the site. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any personal information received by Southern Newspapers Inc. in connection with your subscriptions to the print edition of The Lufkin Daily News.Collected Information:When you register, fill out forms or at other times, we will collect personally identifiable information from you that may include your name, age, address, e-mail address, credit-card number and facts about your computers, profession, investing habits and similar information. We do not, however, knowingly collect personal information from children younger than 13.Web Site Usage InformationWe automatically collect IP addresses and Web site usage information from you when you visit the site. This information helps us evaluate how our visitors and subscribers use and navigate our sites, including the number and frequency of visitors and subscribers to each page, and the length of their visits.How Collected Information is UsedWe may use information in the following ways:For the purposes for which you specifically provided the information including, for example, to enable us to process, validate and verify subscriptions or registrations.To send you notifications about our new or existing products and services, special offers, or to otherwise contact you.To enhance existing features or develop new features, products and services.To provide advertisers and other third parties with aggregate information about our user base and usage patterns.To allow us to personalize the content and advertising that you and others see based on personal characteristics or preferences.We may combine the information that we collect from you on the site with information that you provide to us in connection with your use of our other products, services and sites. Except as specifically set forth in this Privacy Policy, we will not share your personally identifiable information outside of Southern Newspapers Inc. unless you "opt in" to having your personally identifiable information shared with a company that is not affiliated with us. Compliance with legal process.We may disclose personal information if we are required to do so by law or we in good faith believe that such action is necessary to(1) comply with the law or with legal process;(2) protect and defend our rights and property;(3) protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our Web sites; or(4) protect the personal safety or property of our users or the public (among other things, this means that if you provide false information or attempt to pose as someone else, information about you may be disclosed as part of any investigation into your actions).We may disclose and use personally identifiable information in special circumstances where it is necessary to enforce our Subscriber Agreement or Terms of Use (for example, when necessary to protect our intellectual property rights).Online advertising When you view an ad, our third-party advertising company may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser. The information collected is not personally identifiable and is used only to track response to our advertising efforts. Comments and questions If you have any questions, comments or concerns about our Privacy Policy, you may contact us at web@lufkindailynews.com.
Latest e-Edition
Best of Lufkin 2020
Most Popular
Articles
Images
Videos
Commented
ArticlesZavalla ISD closing, transitioning to online after student tests positive for COVID-19Lufkin police seek help identifying man in late-Friday shooting; victim flown to hospitalPotential break between St. Luke’s Health-Memorial, Blue Cross Blue Shield of Texas could spell trouble for East Texas patientsAngelina College board member Ellen Temple resigns, Malcolm Joe Deason appointedHealth district reports almost 200 new or probable cases of COVID-19Lufkin police call off manhunt for at-large burglary suspectInjured deputy, county reach employment agreementZavalla ISD finalizes superintendent contractPolice serve capital murder warrant on Lufkin man in death of baby; mom charged with injury to a child by neglect or omissionNumber of COVID-19 cases increases by nearly 150 Wednesday
Images
Videos
CommentedSorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles.
Receive our News in Your Inbox!
Success! An email has been sent to
with a link to confirm list signup.
Error! There was an error processing your request.
Daily Headlines
Start your morning with the top headlines each day. Sign up today!
Breaking News
Get the latest breaking news from The Lufkin News newsroom. Sign up today!
Sports Update
Get the latest local, college and national sports headlines delivered to your inbox every morning.
Police Reports
Get the latest local and national police reports every day in your inbox.
Weather
Receive the daily weather forecast and the weekly outlook in your inbox each morning.
Obituaries
Receive the most recent obituaries every afternoon.
Charm East Texas Magazine
Receive monthly updates on the latest issues of Charm East Texas magazine.
Promotions & Special Offers
Sign up to receive emails about our exciting Deals, Contests, & Special Offers!
You must select at least one email list.
Please enter a valid email address.
Sign up
Manage your lists