https://www.befrugal.com/help/termsandconditions/
Skip to banner
Skip to main navigation
Member Login  Join Now
Welcome back! This email address already exists. Please log in below.
Enter your email address
Password
Forgot Password?
or
Continue with Google
Continue with Facebook
Continue with Apple
Not a member?
Join Now
×
Already a Member?
Log in here
Enter your email address
or
Continue with Google
Continue with Facebook
Continue with Apple
Receive exclusive coupons and deals newsletter
$10 bonus payable when you earn $10 in Cash Back. Terms
By joining, you agree to the BeFrugal Terms & Privacy Policy
×
×
Member Login
Join
for FREE and get
Cash Back on your
purchases.Login to
and get
Cash Back on your
purchases.
We'll even give you $10 just for joining!
Welcome back! This email address already exists. Please log in below.
Enter your email address
Password
or
Continue with Google
Continue with Facebook
Continue with Apple
Enter your email address
or
Continue with Google
Continue with Facebook
Continue with Apple
Receive exclusive coupons and deals newsletter
No thanks, just take me to the offer
By joining, you agree to the BeFrugal Terms & Privacy Policy.
$10 bonus payable when you earn $10 in Cash Back.
Congratulations, you have successfully created your BeFrugal account!
$10 Sign Up Bonus was added to your BeFrugal Account
To activate Cash Back at , please click the button below
Cash Back Activated for
Activate Cash Back & Shop Now
Complete your order and Cash Back will be credited to your BeFrugal account within 7 days.
Cash Back Terms & Exclusions
Cash Back Terms & Exclusions
×
Skip This Step
×
End User License Agreement
INDIVIDUAL END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT
READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE YOU DOWNLOAD OR INSTALL THE BEFRUGAL ADD-ON.
THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CONTAINED HEREIN CONSTITUTE A LEGAL AGREEMENT. THIS AGREEMENT (THE "AGREEMENT") CONTAINS THE ENTIRE AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND CAPITAL INTELLECT, INC. ("CAPITAL INTELLECT") WITH RESPECT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS DESCRIBED HEREIN.
BY DOWNLOADING, ACCESSING, INSTALLING OR USING THE BEFRUGAL ADD-ON (THE "SOFTWARE"), YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, DO NOT DOWNLOAD, INSTALL, ACCESS OR USE THE BEFRUGAL ADD-ON. THIS AGREEMENT CONTAINS DISCLAIMERS OF WARRANTIES AND LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY (SEE SECTIONS 6 AND 7) AND AN EXCLUSIVE REMEDY (SEE SECTIONS 6 AND 7). THESE PROVISIONS FORM AN ESSENTIAL BASIS OF OUR AGREEMENT.
BeFrugal Add-On Usage and Functionality
The BeFrugal Add-On may show cash back, coupons, and deals available at a merchant website. If you click on such offers, you may be shown the appropriate BeFrugal website page with further information on the cash back, coupons or deals. You may then click on cash back, coupons or deals to earn the cash back or discount for purchases made during that browsing session. Any cash back earned will be subject to the Terms of Service of BeFrugal and corresponding merchant affiliate programs.
The BeFrugal Add-On may cause an information bar to appear when you visit a merchant website, and may notify you that the merchant website has cash back, coupons, or deals available via the BeFrugal Add-On. If you click on the information bar, you may be taken to the merchant website. If the information bar appears, you need to click on the information bar to get the cash back indicated. Any cash back earned will be subject to the Terms of Service of BeFrugal and corresponding merchant affiliate programs. Additionally, when you visit a merchant website, the BeFrugal Add-On may offer a dropdown list of coupon or promo codes as suggestions.
If you are a BeFrugal member, when you visit certain participating merchant website(s), such as by typing in the URL or by clicking on a link (including those on a search engine results page), the BeFrugal Add-On may redirect you through an affiliate network site to the merchant website, and a tracking cookie may be placed in your browser. This cookie is used to track any transaction or purchase through the merchant website and appropriately credit your BeFrugal account with cash back.
As part of the download and installation process for the BeFrugal Add-On, you may be provided with options to reset your homepage, your default search, and your new tab page. The BeFrugal Add-On may reset your homepage, and/or reset your default search, and/or reset your new tab page to Yahoo!. The Yahoo! homepage, default search, and new tab pages are subject to the Policies and Terms of Service of Yahoo!.
During your use of the BeFrugal Add-On, we may collect certain non-identifiable data in order to help us improve the coupons and other offerings we make as part of BeFrugal, and the BeFrugal Add-On. For example, we may collect information related to coupons or coupon codes used, cash back earned, and add-on features used. This data is only used to improve add-on functionality, and is only analyzed in aggregate form, and not in personally identifiable form. We do not share or sell any of this data with any third parties, unless compelled by applicable law, or regulation.
1.
License Grant. Capital Intellect has provided this copy of its Software to you (the "Licensee") subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and Capital Intellect hereby grants to you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited right (the "License") to use the attached copy of the Software and the accompanying documentation (the "Documentation").
This License is for personal use only and in accordance with this Agreement and only in the United States and Canada.
2.
Term and Termination.
Your License is effective commencing on the date you downloaded it unless terminated earlier as set forth herein. The License will terminate automatically if you fail to comply with any of the limitations or other requirements described herein. You may terminate the License at any point by destroying all copies of the Software and the Documentation. CAPITAL INTELLECT may terminate this Agreement at any time for any reason, without notice, in its sole discretion. Upon any termination, you must destroy all copies of the Software and the Documentation.
3.
Updates. By agreeing to this license, you acknowledge that the BeFrugal Add-On includes technology that allows BeFrugal to provide updates to the software. By installing, downloading, copying, updating or otherwise implementing the BeFrugal Add-On, you specifically agree to include and accept the heretofore mentioned software and technology through which BeFrugal keeps the BeFrugal Add-On and other related programs current. This is a condition of using the BeFrugal Add-On. Note that the BeFrugal Add-On updates automatically without any additional notice to you.
4.
Ownership Rights.
The Software is protected by United States patent and copyright laws and international treaty provisions. Capital Intellect and its suppliers own and retain all right, title and interest in and to the Software, including all copyrights, patents, trade secret rights, trademarks and other intellectual property rights therein. Your possession, installation, or use of the Software does not transfer to you any title to the intellectual property in the Software, and you will not acquire any rights to the Software except the limited right to use it as expressly set forth in this Agreement.
5.
Restrictions.
You may not rent, lease, loan, resell or otherwise transfer the Software. You may not permit third parties to benefit from the use or functionality of the Software via a timesharing, service bureau or other arrangement. You may not transfer any of the rights granted to you under this Agreement. You may not reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble the Software, except to the extent the foregoing restriction is expressly prohibited by applicable law. You may not modify, or create derivative works based in whole or in part upon, the Software. You may not copy the Software or Documentation except as expressly permitted in Section 1 above, and all permitted copies must contain the same proprietary notices that appear on and in the Software and Documentation. You may not remove any proprietary notices or labels on the Software. All rights not expressly set forth hereunder are reserved by Capital Intellect. Capital Intellect reserves the right to periodically conduct audits upon advance written notice to verify compliance with the terms of this Agreement.
6.
Warranty and Disclaimer.
a. Disclaimer of Warranty. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITH "ALL FAULTS" AND "AS AVAILABLE." TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, CAPITAL INTELLECT DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, ACCURACY, AND NONINFRINGEMENT. SOME STATES AND JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. YOUR USE OF THE SOFTWARE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMIT ALL RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH THE SOFTWARE NOT WORKING AS INTENDED, OR DAMAGING ANY HARDWARE OR OTHER SOFTWARE, OR FAILURE OF THE SOFTWARE RESULTING FROM ACCIDENT, ABUSE, MISAPPLICATION, ABNORMAL USE OR A VIRUS. The foregoing provisions shall be enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law.
b. Remedy. Capital Intellect's and its affiliates' entire obligation and your exclusive remedy for any breach of the foregoing warranty shall be, at Capital Intellect's sole option, to either (a) provide you with a copy of the Software that does substantially conform to the Documentation, or (b) refund the amount you paid for the Software. Outside the United States, the replacement remedy is not available to the extent Capital Intellect is subject to restrictions under United States export control laws and regulations.
7.
Limitation of Liability.
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES OR LEGAL THEORY, WHETHER IN TORT, CONTRACT, OR OTHERWISE, SHALL CAPITAL INTELLECT OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR TO ANY OTHER PERSON FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (EVEN IF CAPITAL INTELLECT SHALL HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES), INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF GOODWILL, WORK STOPPAGE, COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES OR LOSSES OF ANY NATURE. IN NO EVENT WILL CAPITAL INTELLECT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES CAUSED TO HARDWARE OR OTHER SOFTWARE OR BY THE COMBINATION OF OUR SOFTWARE WITH ANY OTHER SOFTWARE. THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL NOT APPLY TO LIABILITY FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY TO THE EXTENT THAT APPLICABLE LAW PROHIBITS SUCH LIMITATION. CAPITAL INTELLECT INC AND ITS AFFILIATES, AND THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS AND REPRESENTATIVES' ENTIRE LIABILITY UNDER ANY PROVISION OF THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT PAID FOR THIS SOFTWARE. FURTHERMORE, SOME STATES AND JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THIS LIMITATION AND EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. YOU SHALL FILE ANY CLAIM ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR THE BEFRUGAL.COM ADD-ON WITHIN ONE (l) YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES. OTHERWISE, SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION IS PERMANENTLY BARRED. The foregoing provisions shall be enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law.
8.
United States Government.
The Software and accompanying Documentation are deemed to be "commercial computer software" and "commercial computer software documentation," respectively, pursuant to DFAR Section 227.7202 and FAR Section 12.212, as applicable. Any use, modification, reproduction, release, performance, display or disclosure of the Software and accompanying Documentation by the United States Government shall be governed solely by the terms of this Agreement and shall be prohibited except to the extent expressly permitted by the terms of this Agreement.
9.
Export Controls. Export of the Software may be subject to compliance with the rules and regulations promulgated from time to time by the Bureau of Export Administration, United States Department of Commerce, which restrict the export and re-export of certain products and technical data. If the export of the Software is controlled under such rules and regulations, then the Software shall not be exported or re-exported, directly or indirectly, (a) without all export or re-export licenses and United States or other governmental approvals required by any applicable laws, or (b) in violation of any applicable prohibition against the export or re-export of any part of the Software. Some countries have restrictions on the use of encryption within their borders, or the import or export of encryption even if for only temporary personal or business use. You acknowledge that the implementation and enforcement of these laws is not always consistent as to specific countries. Although the following countries are not an exhaustive list there may exist restrictions on the exportation to, or importation of, encryption by: Belgium, China (including Hong Kong), France, India, Indonesia, Israel, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, and South Korea. You acknowledge it is your ultimate responsibility to comply with any and all government export and other applicable laws and that Capital Intellect has no further responsibility after the initial license to you within the original country of sale.
In addition, neither the Software nor the Documentation and underlying information or technology may be downloaded or otherwise exported or re-exported (i) into (or to a national or resident of) Cuba, Iran, Iraq, Libya, North Korea, Sudan, Syria or any other country to which the United States has embargoed goods; or (ii) to anyone on the United States Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nations or the United States Commerce Department's Table of Denial Orders. By downloading or using the Software you are agreeing to the foregoing and you are certifying that you are not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any such country or on any such list.
10.
Miscellaneous. This Agreement is governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, without reference to conflict of laws principles. The application of the United Nations Convention of Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is expressly excluded. This Agreement sets forth all rights for the user of the Software and, together with the Master Agreement, is the entire agreement between Capital Intellect and the Licensee and supersedes any other prior or contemporaneous agreements or communications with respect to the Software and Documentation. This Agreement may not be modified except by a written addendum issued by a duly authorized representative of Capital Intellect. No provision hereof shall be deemed waived unless such waiver shall be in writing and signed by Capital Intellect or a duly authorized representative of Capital Intellect. If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid, the remainder of this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect. The parties confirm that it is their wish that this Agreement has been written in the English language only.
11.
Capital Intellect Customer Contact.
If you have any questions concerning these terms and conditions, or if you would like to contact Capital Intellect for any other reason, please write: Capital Intellect Inc., PO Box 51607, Boston, Massachusetts 02205.
12. Uninstall instructions
a. Uninstall Instructions for Internet Explorer on newer computers, Windows 7 / Windows VISTA:
1. Click Start button at the left bottom corner of your screen to open the Start Menu. (The start button is the round button that has Windows logo on it).
2. When the Start Menu opens, click on Computer.
3. In the opened Computer window, click on the Uninstall or Change a Program button at the top of the window. It will show the list of all programs that are currently installed on your computer.
4. In the list of software, find "BeFrugal Add-On" and click on it to highlight.
5. Press Uninstall button at the top of the window and follow the prompts to remove the program.
6. Restart Internet Explorer.
b. Uninstall Instructions for Internet Explorer on older computers, Windows XP /Windows 2000, or for newer computers with the classic view of the Start Menu:
1. Click Start at the left bottom of your screen to open your Start menu.
2. Click Control Panel (If you do not see Control Panel, click on Settings first and then on Control Panel).
3. Double-click Add/Remove Programs (or Programs and Features in newer computers).
4. Click to highlight the "BeFrugal Add-On" item in the list of software.
5. Click Add/Remove button and follow the prompts to remove the program.
6. Restart Internet Explorer.
c. Uninstall Instructions for Firefox:
1. Open Firefox's Add-ons Manager by simultaneously pressing Ctrl+ Shift + A, three keys on your keyboard.
2. In the Adds-on Manager window select Extensions tab on the left.
3. Within the Extensions tab find "BeFrugal Add-On" item and click Remove button next to it.
4. Restart Firefox.
d. Uninstall Instructions for Chrome:
1. Click the wrench icon in the upper right corner of the Chrome window.
2. Click "Options."
3. Select "Extensions" on the left sidebar of the options menu.
4. Click the "Remove" button on the line listing the BeFrugal Add-On.
5. Click the "Uninstall" button.
6. Restart Chrome.
If you understand and accept the terms and conditions of this Agreement on behalf of you, click the "I ACCEPT" button below.
If you either do not understand or do not accept the terms and conditions of this Agreement on behalf of you, click the '"I DO NOT ACCEPT" button below and installation will terminate.
×
Click Allow
Don't see Allow? Click here to try again
Click Allow & Add to Automatically Apply Coupons and Cash Back
Restart the download
Almost Done! Click Run below to add to Automatically Apply Coupons and Cash Back
Click Run below
Don't see Run? Click here to try again
Click Run below
Don't see Run? Click here to try again
Are you sure you want to cancel the installation?
Yes
No
Step 1
Click on
Add to Chrome
Step 2
Click on
Add Extension
Get Complete Search Results
Easily switch between Yahoo, Google, and Bing search results.
Search the Web right from the address bar of your Chrome browser
Never miss Cash Back or a coupon with the BeFrugal Button for
Automatic Coupons at Checkout
Unlimited Cash Back. Highest Rates!
Daily Hand-Picked Deals
Fast Payout
I can’t get enough of BeFrugal! It’s unbelievably simple and pays well! I getmoney back for buying things I would buy anyway. I am forever a fan! :D- Melissa B.
By clicking + Add to NonSupported you agree to the BeFrugal Terms and Privacy Policy
×
Do you want to get
on this the offer?
No thanks, just take me to the offer
Attention! We noticed you have an advertisement blocker installed such as Adblock, Ghostery, uBlock, etc.
To ensure you earn Cash Back, please temporarily disable this add-on while shopping through BeFrugal.
Learn more
×
How can we help you?
View Our FAQs
Missing Cash Back?
Payment History
My Referrals
How does BeFrugal Cash Back work?
Highest Cash Back Guarantee
Live Chat
Contact Us
Terms and Conditions
BeFrugal reserves the right to amend these Terms and Cash Back at any time
without notice.
Overview
BeFrugal is owned by Capital Intellect Inc. Use of the services provided by
BeFrugal is regulated by the following terms and conditions. By using these
services, users consent and agree to these terms and conditions. If a user finds
the terms and conditions unacceptable, they should discontinue use immediately.
Services
BeFrugal does not offer any warranties for the products, promotions, coupon
codes, and special offers being provided by participating retailers and advertisers.
We do not control these retailers, do not endorse them, and are not responsible
for any aspects of their websites or businesses.
Retailers can at any time alter or cancel any and all coupons/promotions. Our service
involves publishing links to online retailers as well as printable coupons redeemable
at brick and mortar establishments. The primary purpose of BeFrugal is to help members save money on all their purchases via Cash Back, coupons, hand-picked deals, money-saving tools and more.
Contests
Listed below are the rules that apply to any and all contests promoted by BeFrugal:
Winners are selected at random
No purchase is necessary to enter or win BeFrugal contests
Contests are open only to United States residents who are 18 years of age or older
Requests for substitutions of prizes will not be honored
All winners are solely responsible for any and all taxes and/or fees, and all such
additional costs that may be incurred
BeFrugal will not be held responsible for defective products delivered to contest
winners
Winners of contests will have 10 days from the date of their email notification
to claim their prize. After 10 days the prize is considered forfeited
In the case of a prize being no longer available BeFrugal reserves the right
to substitute the prize for a different prize of equal value
BeFrugal may at any time alter contest rules
Apple is not a sponsor and are not involved in any contests promoted by BeFrugal
Tools & Calculators
When using a calculator that operates Google Maps API, users are also bound by Google's
Terms of Use.
BeFrugal Add-On
The BeFrugal Add-On keeps members up to date on Cash Back and coupon alerts.
When
the Add-On is installed users will remain logged in to BeFrugal allowing for eligible
Cash Back purchases to be automatically recorded.
This will eliminate the step of having
to log into BeFrugal before shopping.
Cash Back
Program Description:
BeFrugal Cash Back program allows BeFrugal members to receive Cash Back
on all of their purchases made through BeFrugal. Qualified retailers will be
identified on the website along with the percentage Cash Back amount members will
receive. Getting started is simple, just set up a BeFrugal account, and start
shopping. Utilizing a BeFrugal account allows members to view Cash Back earned
from their BeFrugal qualified purchases.
BeFrugal is not responsible or liable for Program changes or removal of an Affiliated
Store, an Affiliated Stores decision to withdraw from the Program and the impact
this has on an accrued Cash Back balance. BeFrugal is not responsible or liable
for Program changes or removal of coupon codes and/or discounts and the impact this
has on an accrued Cash Back balance.
The BeFrugal Program and Applications are provided to members "as is" and with
no warranty. BeFrugal may terminate the Program and Applications at any time
with or without notice or reason. To the maximum extent permitted by law, BeFrugal
disclaims all representations and warranties, express or implied, in regards to
the Program and Applications.
The BeFrugal Program and Applications are provided with no guarantee regarding
the quality or accuracy of advertisements for products provided by Affiliated Stores.
BeFrugal does not guarantee that while using BeFrugal and its Program and
Applications the site will be free of errors or interruptions. Also, BeFrugal
assumes no liability or responsibility for any damages due to site errors, interruptions
or inability to access BeFrugal Programs and Applications.
Eligibility:
Must be age 18 or over
Individuals only (i.e. no attempts by automated machines/computers to accumulate
Cash Back)
Working email address
Single account requirement (1 account per publisher person unless additional account
authorized by BeFrugal)
Cookies enabled
Payment Terms:
BeFrugal is responsible for maintaining and tracking member's Cash Back and Bonuses. Cash Back earnings are calculated as the net sale amount (total sale adjusted for taxes, shipping and other fees) multiplied by the retailer's Cash Back percentage amount noted on BeFrugal.
Members will receive payment via check, Check, PayPal, Direct Deposit, Venmo, Zelle or eGift Card. Payment via PayPal and Amazon gift card is available for all members. Payment via direct deposit, check or non-Amazon eGift Card is available for members residing in the US only.
A member's payable account balance must reach a minimum withdrawal amount listed next to each payment method in order to be eligible for payment. Members may accept these updated Terms and Conditions to request a PayPal or Direct Deposit payment on any verified balance of $0.01 or greater.
For lost checks, please contact us to request a stop payment. We will waive the stop-payment fee for the first lost check. For any subsequent lost checks, a $10 fee will be assessed.
There is typically a 0.50% (or 0.005) fee on the total payment amount charged by PayPal to process international transactions. In instances when this international fee is charged on the PayPal transaction, it will be deducted from that member's Cash Back balance.
U.S. mobile phone number is required for Venmo and Zelle payment methods. See Venmo terms here or Zelle terms here.
BeFrugal members who elect to receive their payment via a eGift Card will get a cash bonus added to their payment request. Bonus amounts are specified next to each eGift Card payment method on the Payments page of the account.
Cash Back payments will be sent to members on average within 1 business day of payment request.
Payment requests can be made once every 15 days for amounts exceeding $25, or once every 30 days otherwise
For eGift cards we are unable to re-issue an eGift card payment once it has been processed.
Members will need to contact the retailer or vendor for any eGift card issues once payment has been processed.
Member's balances are segregated and held in a restricted cash account maintained by BeFrugal.
General Terms:
Members are responsible to keep their BeFrugal account information current.
Depending on the tax laws in your city, state or country, members may be taxed on
referral bonuses and prizes earned through BeFrugal. In all instances, members are
solely responsible for any tax liability from your usage of BeFrugal.
BeFrugal is not responsible for any lost mail or checks.
For any re-issued check a stop payment fee will be incurred.
BeFrugal is not responsible for changes made by retailer stores participating
in the Cash Back program
BeFrugal protects your privacy and strongly suggests that you
click here to review our privacy policy
BeFrugal reserves the right to withhold payment of Cash Back rewards for suspected fraud,
abuse of retailers or BeFrugal website, use of email spam to promote referrals, or for creating
multiple user profiles. If you feel your Cash Back rewards are being withheld in error,
please contact us. Any fraud or abuse relating to earning or receipt
of Cash Back rewards, or any misrepresentation of information furnished to BeFrugal or its
retailers partners by you or anyone acting on your behalf may result in the termination of your
BeFrugal account and forfeiture of Cash Back rewards.
The determination of whether or not a purchase qualifies for Cash Back is at the sole
discretion of BeFrugal. If a retailer fails to report a transaction to BeFrugal or
withholds payment to BeFrugal, BeFrugal reserves the right to cancel the Cash Back
associated with that transaction. BeFrugal is not responsible for lost or stolen payments,
or for payments delivered to the wrong address.
BeFrugal members are not permitted to use any paid promotional method for soliciting Cash Back
sales through their BeFrugal account or to earn referral bonuses.
This includes, but is not
limited to, ppc ads through networks such as Google AdWords or Bing AdCenter, Facebook Ads, Twitter
Ads, email marketing, banner advertising, content/display ads, and retargeting.
Any member in violation of this policy will have their account banned and will forfeit all Cash
Back and referral bonus earnings.
Termination:
Termination of any account without a notice can be made at BeFrugal's discretion.
BeFrugal membership is free and there is no charge for Membership or for earning Cash Back. However, if your account is inactive for more than 365 days, it becomes dormant. BeFrugal reserves the right to debit dormant accounts $2.00 per month for maintenance until the account balance reaches zero. You will not be charged a maintenance fee if such a charge were to cause your Cash Back account balance to be negative. Also, if you have not been charged a maintenance fee in the month due, you will not be charged retroactively.
You can reactivate your dormant account by starting a shopping session via BeFrugal or via BeFrugal's applications. Once your account is reactivated, all maintenance fees can be voided by contacting BeFrugal support.
Cash Back Discrepancies:
If a member believes that Cash Back has not been accurately reported to his/her account, it is the responsibility of the member to submit a Cash Back inquiry via the BeFrugal customer support ticket form. Cash Back inquiries must be submitted no earlier than 7 days and no later than 60 days after the transaction date.
For most travel-related Cash Back, credit is issued over the course of two transactions. An initial reservation record of $0.00 will post within 7 days of your travel purchase. This indicates that the sale was traced from the travel site to BeFrugal. As a second step, a Cash Back credit on eligible portions of your booking will post within 60 days of completing your travel.
If no reservation record of $0.00 is posted in your account within 7 days of the travel purchase, please submit an inquiry. Such inquiries where no reservation record was posted must be submitted no later than 60 days following the travel purchase.
For purchases that do have a $0.00 reservation record, inquiries may be submitted for a longer period, up to six months following the travel purchase.
Bonuses
Refer-a-Friend Bonus
The details of the current Refer-a-Friend bonus terms can be found here. The terms for the past Refer-a-Friend Bonus programs can be found in the Bonus Activity section of the account.
Refer-a-Friend bonuses become available for withdrawal when referred friends earn $10 in Cash Back within 1 year of their join date.
Members may earn multiple Refer-A-Friend Bonuses by referring multiple new members.
Sign-Up Bonus
To earn a Sign-Up Bonus a member must join BeFrugal during a promotional period or via a link or web page on BeFrugal where such bonus is being promoted and fulfill the terms of the Sign-Up Bonus as stated at the time. Each member is eligible for a maximum of one Sign-Up Bonus.
Members eligible for a Sign-Up Bonus who have joined BeFrugal on or after Mar 29, 2018 must earn $10 in Cash Back within 365 days of join date. The Bonus becomes Payable, i.e. available for withdrawal, within 30-90 days after purchase date.
Members eligible for a Sign-Up Bonus who have joined BeFrugal between Jul 10, 2017 and Mar 28, 2018 must earn $10 in Payable Cash Back within 90 days of join date in order to withdraw the Sign-Up Bonus.
Members eligible for a Sign-Up Bonus who have joined BeFrugal prior Jul 10, 2017 can find their Sign-Up Bonus terms in the Bonus Activity section of their account.
Restaurant Bonus
To earn a Restaurant Bonus, a new member must submit their receipt via a BeFrugal extension during a promotional period and fulfill the terms as stated in the Bonuses table of the account. Each member is eligible for a maximum of one Restaurant Bonus.
Note that if a member received a Sign Up bonus, they are not eligible to earn a Restaurant Bonus. The reverse is also true, if a member received a Restaurant Bonus, they are not eligible to earn a Sign-Up Bonus.
Members may not abuse the bonus system by utilizing the use of bots, paid advertising, SPAM, fake personas, and/or other suspicious or fraudulent identity. If BeFrugal deems the program is being used for any illegal or fraudulent activity it will result in legal consequences, termination of member's account, forfeiture of any bonuses and Cash Back. Determination of bonus eligibility will be at the sole discretion of BeFrugal.
Free Product Offers (Free After Cash Back)
Periodically, BeFrugal may run specials in which new BeFrugal members are eligible to receive specified product(s) Free After Cash Back.
To be eligible for a Free Product Offer, new members must create their BeFrugal account through the sign-up form that appears after clicking on 'Activate Free Product Offer' button. The member will then need to purchase the specific item from the specific retailer within defined time period to complete offer and earn Cash Back in an amount equal to the cost of the product. New members who sign up via a Free Product Offer are typically not eligible to earn a Sign-Up Bonus. Full terms for each Free Product Offer can be found on the offer's page.
Existing members may refer potential new members to Free Product Offer and will earn a Refer-a-Friend Bonus for each new member who joins BeFrugal and completes the Free Product Offer.
Disclosures
BeFrugal services are provided with no guarantee regarding price, terms, availability,
quality or warranty. In addition to reviewing individual retailer's privacy policies,
users should also carefully review their refund and return policies before making
any purchases. BeFrugal does not accept payment for purchase made from other
websites and therefore cannot provide refunds.
BeFrugal is not responsible or liable for any purchases made through participating
retailer sites, nor is it required to provide support for such purchases. Complaints
regarding any purchases should be directed to the retailer involved. Users of our
services agree to not hold BeFrugal responsible for any and all damages arising
from the use of this service and its associated links.
Although BeFrugal makes a significant effort to make sure published coupons and
Cash Back rates are accurate, BeFrugal is not responsible for inaccuracies in coupons
or Cash Back rates other than to the extent explicitly stated in the Coupon Guarantee and
the Cash Back Guarantee.
BeFrugal Coupon Guarantee
How does the BeFrugal Coupon Guarantee work?
1. All online coupons on BeFrugal are guaranteed to work.
2. If you place an order through BeFrugal and the discount does not work, please contact us within 24 hours. Provide order/product details regarding your purchase.
3. After we verify your problem, we will add $5 to your BeFrugal account. Determination of eligibility will be at the sole discretion of BeFrugal.
Important: Publicly submitted coupons offered on BeFrugal browser extensions are excluded from the BeFrugal Coupon Guarantee.
You must ensure that your purchase meets all requirements. Please check for any exclusions or restrictions listed for the coupon on BeFrugal.com and on the store's website.
BeFrugal Best Cash Back Rate Guarantee
If you make a Cash Back eligible purchase through BeFrugal, and find a Cash Back rate on another Cash Back rewards site that is higher than the rate offered on BeFrugal, we will match 125% of the higher Cash Back rate.
Eligibility Requirements:
1. You must have made a Cash Back eligible purchase through BeFrugal
2. Cash Back Rate Guarantee does not apply to rates offered by paid membership rewards sites or credit card rewards programs.
3. Limit one per store per member.
4. Maximum credit of $25 per transaction.
5. Submit your claim within 24 hours of purchase and include the following:
Order receipt
Store name
Specific link to competitor with higher Cash Back rate
Competitor Cash Back rate offered (in $ or %)
This guarantee does not cover Cash Back rates where there is not a direct equivalent rate listed at BeFrugal. Examples include, but are not limited to, promotional Cash Back rates offered only to individual members or a fixed number of members, or one-time use Cash Back rates.
Use of this Website
This site is for personal use only and may only be copied or distributed as such.
No person or organization may use, or reproduce in any form, any part of BeFrugal
for commercial purposes without prior written consent. Any reproduction, duplication,
distribution, publication, modification, or transmission of material from this site
is strictly prohibited. Material covered by this prohibition includes, but is not
limited to, any text, graphics, logos, photographs.
Contact BeFrugal
Any questions or concerns regarding our Terms and Conditions should be submitted
using our contact page.
I need help with:
Top FAQ
My Account
Cash Back
Travel Cash Back
Payments
Coupons, Deals & More
BeFrugal Button
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Live Chat
Couldn't find the answer you were looking for? We have Live Chat available:M-F 8:30am - 4:30pm ET
Email Support
Send us a Message. We respond to all inquiries the same business day.
My Support Tickets
In this section you will find a list of the support tickets that you have submitted.
Connect With Us
Facebook
Twitter
Blog
Instagram
Befrugal's Pledge to our members:
At BeFrugal we are committed to helping you save.We promise the best selection of working coupons, the best Cash Back rates and uparalleled service to our members. Membership is free; and we hope that you do all your shopping through BeFrugal.
- Jon Lal, founder of BeFrugal
How to Get Cash Back
As Seen On:
Favorite Limit Reached
You can add up to 100 current Deals to Favorites.
Go to the Favorites page to remove some Deals.
×
Favorite Limit Reached
You can add up to 100 current Offers to Favorites.
Go to the Favorites page to remove some Offers.
×