https://www.eglprs.com/privacy/
Privacy
If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us.
At EGLPRS.com (EGLPRS),
the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This
privacy policy outlines the types of personal information received and
collected by EGLPRS, and how that information is used.
Log Files
Like many other Web sites, EGLPRS makes use of log files. The information within log files includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser types, ISP data, date and time stamps, and website analytics used to analyze trends. IP addresses and other such information are not linked to information that is personally identifiable.
Cookies and Web Beacons
EGLPRS.com does not use cookies, but our third-party advertisers do.
DoubleClick DART Cookie
Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on EGLPRS.Google’s
use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to EGLPRS and other sites on the Internet.Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting Google’s privacy
policy at http://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/.
Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our
site. Our advertising partners include Google Adsense and Amazon.com.
These third-party ad servers and ad networks use this technology and
information to serve the most relevant advertisements on EGLPRS. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see.
EGLPRS.com has no access to or control over the cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad
servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as
instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. EGLPRS’s privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.
If
you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual
browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with
specific web browsers can be found at the browsers’ respective websites or check out this link – http://optout.networkadvertising.org/#!/.
Search
Recent Posts
8 Best Blue Light Blocking Glasses-Review
10 Best Book Stands for Reading in Bed- Top Book Holders
12 Best Writing Tablets For Note Taking
Where to Submit Poetry Online
15 Best Book Holders and Stands in 2020
Navigation
Home
About
Contact
Privacy
FTC Disclosure
Affiliate Disclosure
EGLPRS is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to products on amazon.com.