http://www.tennessean.com/story/life/2020/09/24/need-get-rid-your-unusable-household-items-davidson-county-sheriffs-office-can-help/5701478002/
LIFEMetro bulk pickup service will haul off unusable household items, but please try recycling firstMary HanceNashville TennesseanView Comments There comes a time for most of us when we need to get rid of things. And luckily, in Nashville, there are a lot of options for unloading unwanted items.But one you may not be familiar with is the Davidson County Sheriff's Office's free "Bulk Pickup" service that makes rounds countywide by appointment to haul off large, unusable household items, like old furniture, appliances, mattresses and tires from residences.It just takes a phone call for Davidson County residents to schedule a pickup time and then get the discarded items to the curb in front of your house on the appointed day. Sheriff's Office officials emphasized that the free service is intended for items that are no longer workable or usable, as opposed to trash, or items you just don't want anymore.Discard responsiblyIf the items on your throwaway list sill have some life in them, I beg you to donate them to a thrift organization, offer them for free through your neighborhood listserve, or put out notices on Facebook and other social media to try to find takers.Or you might consider putting them out for a day or two in your alley or at curbside with a big "free" sign attached, inviting passersby to help themselves. Tales of personal scavenging Among my few outings during this COVID-19 pandemic are my daily walks with a group of neighbor friends. We have pounded the pavement on just about every street and sidewalk of the immediate neighborhood, as well as hoofed it through adjoining areas and multiple alleys for a change of scenery.The alleys are more interesting than you might think. We have seen a lot of things that we would have missed from street side --  beautiful vegetable and flower gardens, an impressive homemade Ninja warrior course (with young Ninjas in action), some wonderfully creative tree houses, a few chicken coops and even a backyard deck designed to look like the bow of a ship.The walks have been our sanity, and are sometimes lucrative, too, as we have helped ourselves to discarded gems along the way. The items we have rescued from alleys and curbs is impressive, including a tall Resin shelf that has helped me organize my gardening supplies, a wrought iron table, child's tea set, lovely picture frame, stacks of books, a stool, colorful like-new children's toy organizer, and the best of all, a rattan sofa that my friend Laura is lovingly bringing back to life as the centerpiece of her new screened porch.If you decide to put your discards out for the taking, be prepared for some of your neighbors to be unhappy to see your stuff piled up out front, but to me, a few days of curb clutter is better than dumping still-good items in the landfill. Rest assured, there are plenty of eager scavengers and regular neighborhood walkers like my foraging friends and me, who love to snag a free roadside treasure to recycle. My little group is on the hunt and is thrilled to take what we can use, or reuse.And, if you put stuff out with the big free sign and don't get any takers in a few days, you can always call the sheriff's office and request a bulk pickup.Might as well give it a shot!About the bulk pickup serviceTo arrange a pickup, call the sheriff's office at 615-880-3897.The pick-up date can be between one and seven days, depending on department availability."We receive, on average, about 120 requests per day," said Sheriff's spokeswoman Karla West, who said most of pickups are scheduled within a week.In 2019, the DCSO crews "picked up 5.2 million pounds of bulk items and fulfilled 20,012 requests," she said.The pickup is curbside front only; the trucks do not make any alley pickups."We ask any items to be on the edge of an individual’s property by 6:30 a.m." on the pickup date,  West said."We cannot go on private property" like an apartment or condominium complex, or on private roads or in gated communities, or business properties, she said. By law, the department cannot remove items from a location that resulted in an eviction.They will remove items including mattresses, appliances, furniture, TVs, copy machines, computers, toilets, some car parts, and rugs. But, they will not take motor oil, tires, glass or mirror products, batteries, sheet rock or roofing, propane or gas tanks, Styrofoam and rocks or concrete.The pickup teams do not sort the items they pick up, West said, but crunch them up and take them to the city landfill. The crews are mostly Sheriff's Office employees but often include one inmate. Reach Ms. Cheap at 615-259-8282 or mscheap@tennessean.com. Follow her on Facebook at facebook.com/mscheap, and at Tennessean.com/mscheap, and on Twitter @Ms_Cheap, and catch her every Thursday at 11 a.m. on WTVF-Channel 5’s “Talk of the Town.”View Comments