https://www.steelonsteel.com/privacy-policy/
My Account
My Group
My Transactions
My Payment Methods
Manage Subscriptions
Change Password
My Profile
Veritas Lounge
Membership Guide
Main Menu
Daily Shows (Premium Access)
Weekend Shows (Basic Access)
Weekend Show Archives
Speeches and Presentations
Loeffler’s Library
Lexicon of Loefflerisms
John’s Commentary Articles
Logical Fallacies Quick Reference Guide
Preparing for the Underground Church
Alinsky’s Rules for Radicals
Quotes from Progressive Elites
Subscribe!
Subscription Packages
Terms and Conditions
Veritas Lounge
Enter the Veritas Lounge
What’s Inside?
SOS Groups
What is SOS Groups?
Group Signup
SOS Groups Help Page
Steel Team Six – Tactical Apologetics
Podcasts
Members-Only Podcast Setup
The SPN Podcast Network App
Podcast Audience Survey
Podcast Production Service
About
Who We Are
Podcast Production Services
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Contact
Contact Us
Radio Stations
Donate
Donate to Steel on Steel
Help Support Pastor X
Shop
Mugs, Apparel and More!
Speeches and Presentations
Help
Main Help Page
SOS Groups Help Page
Podcast App Help Page
Get Podcast Apps!
Membership Guide
Call toll free 18882543038 to speak diclofenac 25 mg with a customer service..
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy of http://www.steelonsteel.com/
At Steel on Steel, we collect and manage user data according to the following Privacy Policy.
Data Collected
We collect information you provide directly to us. For example, we collect information when you create an account, subscribe, participate in any interactive features of our services, fill out a form, request customer support or otherwise communicate with us. The types of information we may collect include your name, email address, postal address, credit card information and other contact or identifying information you choose to provide.
We collect anonymous data from every visitor of the Website to monitor traffic and fix bugs. For example, we collect information like web requests, the data sent in response to such requests, the Internet Protocol address, the browser type, the browser language, and a timestamp for the request.
We also use various technologies to collect information, and this may include sending cookies to your computer. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in your device memory that helps us to improve our services and your experience, see which areas and features of our services are popular and count visits. We may also collect information using web beacons (also known as “tracking pixels”). Web beacons are electronic images that may be used in our services or emails and to track count visits or understand usage and campaign effectiveness. Our Privacy Policy was created with the help of the Privacy Policy Template and the Generate Privacy Policy Generator.
Use of the Data
We only use your personal information to provide you the Steel on Steel services or to communicate with you about the Website or the services.
We employ industry standard techniques to protect against unauthorized access of data about you that we store, including personal information.
We do not share personal information you have provided to us without your consent, unless:
Doing so is appropriate to carry out your own request
We believe it’s needed to enforce our legal agreements or that is legally required
We believe it’s needed to detect, prevent or address fraud, security or technical issues
Sharing of Data
We don’t share your personal information with third parties. Aggregated, anonymized data is periodically transmitted to external services to help us improve the Website and service.
We may allow third parties to provide analytics services. These third parties may use cookies, web beacons and other technologies to collect information about your use of the services and other websites, including your IP address, web browser, pages viewed, time spent on pages, links clicked and conversion information.
We also use social buttons provided by services like Twitter, Google+, LinkedIn and Facebook. Your use of these third party services is entirely optional. We are not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices of these third party services, and you are responsible for reading and understanding those third party services’ privacy policies.
Cookies
We may use cookies on our site to remember your preferences.
For more general information on cookies, please read “What Are Cookies”.
Opt-Out, Communication Preferences
You may modify your communication preferences and/or opt-out from specific communications at any time. Please specify and adjust your preferences.
Security
We take reasonable steps to protect personally identifiable information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. But, you should keep in mind that no Internet transmission is ever completely secure or error-free. In particular, email sent to or from the Sites may not be secure.
About Children
The Website is not intended for children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information via the Website from visitors in this age group.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used.
If we make major changes in the way we collect or use information, we will notify you by posting an announcement on the Website or sending you an email.
Return To TopPO Box 3358 Hayden ID 83835 · USA1.800.829.5646members@steelonsteel.comCopyright © All Rights Reserved 1990-2020 Steel on Steel Productions