http://www.nwfdailynews.com/story/opinion/2020/09/23/editorial-prison-policies-cruel-wasteful/3445170001/
OPINIONPrison policies are cruel, wastefulEditorial BoardFlorida Times-UnionWhen someone leaves prison, the second sentence starts.The second sentence means being denied access to good jobs. It means having a kind of badge of dishonor that will last a lifetime. In Florida, it has meant being denied the right to vote for most felons for a lifetime.When the people of Florida voted for the restoration of voting rights for ex-offenders who have completed their sentences, the Legislature tacked on additional requirements of paying fines and fees. It looked just like a Jim Crow device that was neutral on its face but racially discriminatory in its impact.The United States has the largest number of people in prisons and jails in the world, 2.3 million, reports Time magazine. Communist China is No. 2 with 1.7 million in prison despite having over 500,000 more people.Meanwhile, while Black people make up about 12% of the U.S. population, they represent 33% of the prison population. In Florida, there is a huge racial disparity with far more incarceration proportionately of Blacks compared to whites and Hispanics.Imprisonment rates in Florida increased dramatically in the last 40 years though they have declined a bit in recent years. Much of the jail growth in Florida is connected to pre-trial policies.The Prison Policy Initiative gives Florida an F grade for responses to the pandemic in prisons and jails and an F grade for its parole system.Look at the dearth of mental health and educational services in Florida’s prisons, making rehabilitation a pipe dream for many. Smart justice reforms combine cost savings and punishments that protect public safety and encourage rehabilitation.For instance, too many people are thrown into jails when they are technically innocent but can’t make the bond payment due to poverty. For a system that ought to balance justice and mercy, those with means tend to get all the mercy.Mandatory sentences that don’t allow for enough early release for good behavior don’t make sense. Most prisoners will be released at some point. They need to be given the skills and incentives to avoid a return trip behind bars.We need to change policies. One proposal from the Prison Policy Initiative is to require a racial impact statement for criminal justice bills.Another proposal involves ending driver’s license suspensions for nonpayment of fines and fees or for drug offenses unrelated to driving.Then there is the pandemic. Many cities have reduced jail populations of non-violent offenders, which can be done while protecting public safety.People can be released who are near the end of their sentences. Prisoners who are old or medically fragile can be released. People can be released for offenses that were later downgraded by legislators but not made retroactive. Bottom line, anyone considered at low risk of reoffending could be released.As Time magazine reported, “When faced with a social ill, our nation responds by building more prisons and jails.”That’s the cruel and most costly option.