http://www.northernontariobusiness.com/about-nob/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Home
About NOB
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
We care about your privacy. Thank you for your interest. Laurentian Media Group (LMG) believes in fully disclosing the methods to which we collect, use and allow you to take control of your personal information. We also invite you to ask us about our policies or to let us know how we can better serve your privacy concerns.
QUESTIONS, COMMENTS, OR SUGGESTIONS?
If you would like to contact us about any element of this policy or inquire about your personal information, then please direct your inquiry to:
Email: privacy@northernlife.ca
Mail: Laurentian Media Group
Attn: Privacy Officer
158 Elgin St. S.
Sudbury, ON
P3E 3N5
Phone: 705-673-5667 Please ask for the Laurentian Media Group privacy officer.
Fax: 705-673-4652 Please address your fax to the Laurentian Media Group privacy officer.
WHO DOES THIS PRIVACY POLICY APPLY TO?
This privacy policy applies to all brands, publications and websites under the Laurentian Media Group banner including: Northern Life, northernlife.ca, wowsudbury.com, cbawards.ca, Northern Ontario Business, Northern Ontario Business Awards Program, Influential Women of Northern Ontario, Sudbury Mining Solutions Journal, northernontariobusiness.com, noba.ca, influentialwomen.ca, and sudburyminingsolutions.com.
WHAT IS PERSONAL INFORMATION?
This is information you may have given us about specifically who you are, such as:
Name, home mailing address, email address, user name, password
Demographic information (such as age and education)
Your interests and preferences
Transactional information (such as the history of your purchases or the fact that your name and address was obtained by us on a contest entry)
Personal Information is collected by us when you choose to provide it to us when registering for a LMG service, such as when you choose to subscribe to a magazine, enter a promotion/contest or choose to receive a newsletter. We may also receive Personal Information from our business partners and other third parties, provided that such third parties confirm to us that you have permitted them to share such information.
WHAT IS NOT CONSIDERED PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Business contact information found on a typical business card such as: name, title, business address, email address or telephone number of a business or professional person or an employee of an organization is not considered Personal Information.
WHAT IS PERSONAL INFORMATION USED FOR?
We may use your Personal Information for the following purposes:
i. If you are a customer or member of one of our publications or websites we need your personal information to provide you with the LMG services and information you have requested from us. We may from time to time use your Personal Information to contact you about changes, enhancements or similar notices related to the services;
ii. LMG websites will not sell, rent or lease its customer/member lists to third party. We may however contact you by email on behalf of external business partners with offers that may be of interest to you, carefully screened to ensure the company is reputable and their materials appropriate and not misleading. All our email communications of this manner will identify us as the sender and include an "unsubscribe" option from receiving these types of offers;
iii. From time-to-time our publication may make the list of customers available to other carefully screened organizations that want to let you know about a product or service that might interest you. The material to be sent to you, is reviewed by us before the names and addresses are released to ensure the company is reputable and their materials are appropriate and not misleading;
iv. If you enter a contest or other promotion offered on a LMG website, we may, under the rules of the promotion, use your name and certain other information to administer the promotion, such as contacting, announcing and promoting the winners of the promotion;
v. Your credit card number, debit card number, or banking information for pre-authorized payments is used only for processing payments and for presenting you with payment options - not for marketing purposes.
vi. LMG may also use Personal Information if it has reasonable grounds to believe the information could be useful when investigating a contravention of a federal, provincial or foreign law or in order to protect or defend a legal interest.
IS PERSONAL INFORMATION DISCLOSED TO OTHERS?
We will only disclose your Personal Information to third parties:
i. Where you have specifically given us your consent to disclose your Personal Information for a designated purpose;
ii. From time-to-time our business publications may make their list of customers available to other carefully screened organizations that want to let you know about a product or service that might interest you. The material to be sent to you, is reviewed by us before the names and addresses are released to ensure the company is reputable and their materials are appropriate and not misleading. If you would prefer for us NOT to share your information, simply inform us by using the contact information stated at the top of this policy.
iii. Our websites may provide your name and email address to carefully screened partners for the sole purpose of providing an extended service or premium news content that we believe will be of high value to our customers or members. These types of partnerships DO NOT include the right to send direct promotional or product offers to you.
iv. Who are acting on our behalf as our agents, suppliers or service providers, solely to enable us to more efficiently provide you with the LMG services. Such entities act under strict contractual controls, requiring them to maintain the confidentiality of all such Personal Information and to use such information solely for purposes related to the provision of the LMG services;
v. As required by law, including by an order of any court, institution or body with jurisdiction or authority to compel the production of information, or in order to protect or defend a legal interest; or
vi. In connection with a LMG corporate re-organization, merger or amalgamation with another entity, or a sale of all or a substantial portion of the assets of LMG provided that the Personal Information disclosed continues to be used for the purposes permitted by this Privacy Policy by the entity acquiring the information.
HOW IS PERSONAL INFORMATION STORED?
LMG only stores personal information for a period that is reasonably necessary to meet the purposes for which it was collected. Then, we erase or make anonymous any personal information that is no longer required for a specific purpose.
HOW CAN I ACCESS MY PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Access and Accuracy of Your Information
LMG offers its customers and members choices for the collection, use and sharing of personal information.
If you are a LMG Internet Registered User, you may go to the Member Profile page of any LMG service to proactively make choices about the use and sharing of your personal information. You may choose not to receive marketing material from LMG or from external third party business partners without the disruption of your Internet service.
If you are a subscriber of a LMG publication, please contact us by phone, email, or write us at the address given above and indicate your preferences in terms of the use of your personal information or if you would like to confirm we have your correct information.
In using the Member Profile page, you will be asked to make your requests while logged into LMG service user account, so that LMG can associate your preferences with a particular account. This security safeguard prevents someone else from accessing your personal information or making choices about the usage and control of your personal information.
You may also stop the delivery of future promotional e-mail from LMG by following the specific instructions in the e-mail you receive. Email communications will always include an identification of the sender and an "unsubscribe" option.
For those customers or members who are not a LMG Internet Registered User, upon request, LMG will provide you with access insofar as possible to any personal information you have given us. This information may only be referred to by the user related to a specific profile.
Also, upon request, LMG will: (a) destroy or make anonymous personal information about you that it keeps in its databanks; (b) correct any personal information that you state is erroneous; and (c) allow you to withdraw from mailing lists of future emails (except for notices of major changes in service) while allowing you to continue to access its Internet sites. To request a change or a correction, refer to your profile and reach us through the contact information given above.
If you receive a mailing from any of the CCMC consumer magazines and you wish to know the source of your name (i.e. what list it came from), we will make every reasonable effort to determine the source and provide you with the information. For this request, or to confirm that any personal information we may have is correct, please contact us in writing.
HOW SECURE IS MY PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We make every reasonable effort to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of personal information under our control. Our security policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary.
Only authorized individuals and suppliers have access to customer information. Where information is sent to a third party for processing, we make sure, through our contracts with them, that all customer information is kept secure. We keep your information for the time we are providing you with a product or service, and for a reasonable time thereafter in the event that you wish to resume service.
We operate secure data networks protected by industry standard firewall and password protection systems. Credit card information is processed using industry-standard encryption and security. We do not collect personal information from bulletin boards or forums. However, we cannot guarantee that personal information voluntarily disclosed on message boards and discussion groups will not be collected and used by others, which may result in unsolicited messages to you from other parties.
CHILDREN AND PERSONAL INFORMATION
We believe that none of LMG services appeal directly to children 13 years old or less. Children may visit these LMG services and provide personal information, which will be collected, used and disclosed as described in this policy. We encourage you to talk with your children about communicating with strangers, disclosing personal information online and using Internet services safely.
LMG USE OF NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION
Non-Personal Information is collected or derived by us in the course of operating the LMG services. For example, our Web servers may automatically collect Non-Personal Information which is provided through your browser or stored on a Cookie or through a Web Beacon when you choose to visit a LMG service.
In addition to LMG's practices related to IP Addresses, Cookies or Web Beacons, Non-Personal Information is used generally by LMG to monitor and improve the operation of the LMG services, to perform statistical analyses of the collective characteristics and behaviour of our users, to measure user demographics and interests regarding specific LMG services, to describe our services to third parties such as prospective business partners and advertisers and to analyze how and where best to use our resources. No Personal Information will be disclosed during these activities.
LMG may also use Non-Personal Information to inform our sponsors and advertisers as to the performance of a particular sponsorship (such as a contest) or advertisement. In such case we may disclose to those third-party sponsors and advertisers the overall aggregate demographics available regarding, for example who participated in a contest or who saw and "clicked" onto an advertisement. No Personal Information will be disclosed to these sponsors and advertisers as part of this process; only information in an anonymous, aggregate form will be disclosed.
IP Addresses
An IP Address is the unique number, which is assigned to every direct Internet access point. Many IP Addresses can generally be associated with certain Internet service providers or large organizations. IP Addresses do not contain any Personal Information. When you, through your browser, request a web page or similar Internet information from another computer on the Internet, your browser automatically provides that computer with an IP address to which it will send the requested information.
LMG and IP Addresses:
i. Whenever you request a LMG service web page or certain other similar LMG content, your browser automatically provides our computers with your IP Address, to which our computers will send the requested information. Each such request is logged by our computers with information including the IP Address of the computer that requested the page and is stored by our computers as needed for the purposes described in this policy;
ii. LMG may use your IP Address to display more appropriate and relevant content and advertising, such as content and advertising based on your geographic area. LMG may report aggregate information derived from IP Addresses to its advertisers and partners. For example, LMG may report to its advertisers the estimated total number of users accessing a particular LMG Site from a specific province;
iii. LMG may use your IP Address to facilitate the diagnoses and remedy of a technical problem reported by you or our technical team.
Cookies and Web Beacons
LMG uses "cookies" to help personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs, deliver viruses to your computer, search your computer for other information or transmit any information to anyone. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. The cookie identifies your browser and will NOT let a website know any personal information about you, such as your name and address.
LMG may use cookies to:
i. Monitor website usage and improve the operation and performance of the LMG services and to make our LMG services easier and more convenient to use. For example, cookies help us remember who you are through your browser settings so that we can offer and provide more personalized services (e.g. language preference). Cookies also allow us to save passwords and preferences for you so that you will not have to re-enter them the next time you visit a LMG Service;
ii. Measure aggregate user traffic and demographic statistics related to the LMG services and advertisements (e.g. number of users, average time spent, average age and similar statistics). This information helps us to better understand when to update, change or offer new services and provides us with details as to the performance of third party advertisements and content. This information may be reported, in aggregate form only, to our current and prospective sponsors, advertisers and business partners. No Personal Information will be disclosed in such reports;
iii. Displaying advertisements. LMG and third party advertising providers used by LMG may use cookies when serving advertisements.
Cookies are used on many major websites. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. If you prefer, you can reset your browser either to notify you when you have received a cookie, or to refuse to accept cookies. You should understand that while LMG does not require you to use cookies, certain LMG services will not function properly if you set your browser to not accept cookies.
Certain LMG services may contain electronic images or tagging code known as Web beacons - sometimes called single-pixel gifs or JavaScript tags - that allow LMG to count users who have visited those pages and to deliver co-branded services. Web beacons are not used to access your Personal Information; they are a technique used to compile aggregated statistics about LMG Service usage. Web beacons collect only a limited set of information including a cookie number, time and date of a page view, and a description of the page on which the Web beacon resides. Certain LMG service web pages may also contain Web beacons placed there by our advertising partners to help LMG determine the effectiveness of our Internet advertising campaigns.
LINKS
LMG's sites contain hyperlinks to Internet sites managed by third parties. These links are for your convenience only. When you click onto one of these links you are moving to another website. Please note that LMG does not have any control over third party Internet sites and the fact that such sites have links to LMG's sites does not incur LMG's liability in any way whatsoever. Consequently, any personal information you provide on third party sites will be subject to these other sites' policies and procedures. LMG cannot be held liable at any time for any abuses, which may result. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policies and procedures related to personal information of these other sites.
WHAT HAPPENS IF THERE ARE CHANGES IN THE PRIVACY POLICY?
LMG will occasionally update the Privacy Policy to reflect company and customer feedback. When LMG posts changes to this policy, it will be immediately reflected on all LMG sites. If there are material changes to this policy or in how LMG will use your personal information, LMG will prominently post such changes prior to implementing the change. LMG encourages you to periodically review this policy to be informed of how LMG is protecting your information.