http://www.nuj.org.uk/terms-and-conditions/
Privacy notice
This site makes use of cookies. If you
continue we'll assume you are happy to receive them.
Continue
Read our cookie policy
Winning for you at work
Username
Password
Menu
Home
About
News
Events
Work
Where
Rights
Campaigns
Contacts
HomeTerms & conditions
Terms & conditions
Acceptable Use Policy
You agree to abide by all applicable laws, regulations and codes of conduct and ensure that any content uploaded or distributed or stored by you does not infringe the rights of others.
All material on the Website and any material sent to you by e-mail or any other form ("the content") belongs to us. You may retrieve and display content from the Website on a computer screen, print individual pages on paper, photocopy and store such pages in electronic form on disk (but not on any server or other storage device connected to the network) for your personal, non-commercial use.
We assert the ownership of the copyright and all other intellectual property rights associated with the content save where otherwise stated.
Except as specifically stated in these terms, you may not do any of the following without prior written permission from campaigns@nuj.org.uk:
Reproduce, modify or in any way commercially exploit any of the content.
Redistribute any of the content (including by using it as part of any library, archive or similar service), save as to material in the: News, Events and Campaigns sections of the website.
Remove the copyright or trade mark notice(s) from any copies of content made in accordance with these terms.
Create a database in electronic or structured manual form by systematically downloading and storing all and any of the content. Requests to republish, redistribute or syndicate content should be addressed to The National Union of Journalists.
You agree not to:
Impersonate another person or use a false name or a name you are unauthorised to use or create a false identity or e-mail address or try to mislead others as to the identity or origin of any communications.
Modify, access or make available data stored on a computer device which you have accessed through our network, when either the owner of the data, computer or device has taken steps to prevent you from doing this or the owner has expressed a wish that you do not do this.
Make available or upload files that contain software or other material, data or information not owned or licensed to you or collect information about others (e.g. names/addresses) without their prior consent.
Damage, interfere with or disrupt access to the Website or do anything which may interrupt or impair its functionality.
Save as authorised in these terms, make any commercial or business use of the Website or resell or commercially benefit from any part or aspect of the Website.
Publish, post, distribute, disseminate or otherwise transmit defamatory, offensive, infringing, obscene, indecent or other unlawful or objectionable material or information.
Threaten, harass, stalk, abuse, disrupt or otherwise violate the rights (including rights of privacy and publicity) of others.
Make available, upload or distribute by any means any material or files that contain any viruses, bugs, corrupt data, "Trojan Horses", "worms" or any other harmful software.
Falsify the true ownership of software or other material or information contained in files made available via the Website.
Obtain or attempt to obtain unauthorised access, through whatever means, to the Website, other services or computer systems or areas of our or any of our partners' networks which are identified as restricted.
Set up links to the Internet edition except to the home page of The National Union of Journalists (www.nuj.org.uk) without express written permission from the Web Master.
We retain the absolute right to prevent you accessing the Website, without prejudice to any of our accrued rights, where we in our sole discretion consider that you are contravening our Acceptable Use Policy or any other aspect of these terms.
Disclaimer
You agree that we have no control over third party content and information which can be accessed using the Website and that we do not examine or edit the use to which you or others put the Website or the nature of the content or information being accessed and that we are excluded from all liability of any kind arising from such content or information.
You agree that except for death or personal injury arising through our negligence, we shall not be liable whatsoever for any loss or damage arising from use of the Website. You furthermore agree to indemnify us in the manner set out below in these Terms in relation to your use in any way of the Website.
We reserve the right to remove any information/material we deem to be in breach of any of these Terms without notice, and without prejudice to any other accrued rights, and/or to make available such information/material when required to do so by law or when requested to do so by regulatory bodies or law enforcement organisations.
We take all such steps as are reasonably necessary to provide a fast and reliable service, but exclude to the fullest extent permitted by law any liability for the security of the services on the Website or for any disruption of the Website however caused, loss of or corruption of any material in transit, or loss of or corruption of material when downloaded onto any computer systems.
Save unless otherwise stated, we make no warranty whatsoever as to services obtained or offered to you through use of the Website, whether accessed directly or otherwise.
We provide the Website on an "as is" basis and make no representations or warranties of any kind as to the Website or the content. We make no representations or warranties about the accuracy, completeness or suitability for any purpose of the content published on the Website. Any liability, however it occurs, for any such inaccuracies or errors, is expressly excluded to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Links
The inclusion of any links on this site should not be interpreted as an endorsement of the organisation connected with that site or any views expressed on that site.
We make every effort to check that the links included in this site are current and that the aims, programmes and operations of the organisations linked to are consistent with the objectives of this site and the National Union of Journalists.
We do not guarantee the quality of the information contained on web pages external to this site, nor do we make any claims regarding the accuracy or timeliness of such information, or the honesty, reliability or competence of the organisations represented in or by those web pages.
Please let us know if links do not work or if the organisations linked to in any way fail to meet the high standards embodied in the NUJ Code of Conduct and the other policy statements on this site. If our investigation supports your claims, the links in question will be removed.
Contact: sitefeedback@nuj.org.uk.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold us and any of our officers, employees and agents harmless from and against all and any expenses, losses, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses of any character incurred or suffered and any claims or legal proceedings which are brought or threatened, in each case arising from your use of, or conduct on, the Website and/or a breach of the Acceptable Use Policy.
Share this
Facebook
Tweet this
Linkedin
Del.icio.us
Digg
reddit
StumbleUpon
Print
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+
National Union of Journalists
72 Acton Street
London
WC1X 9NB
Tel: 020 7843 3700
Fax: 020 7837 8143
Home
Important information
Press area
Contact us
Terms & conditions
Sitemap
Accessibility
Privacy
Cookies
Website developed by netXtra
© 2020 National Union of Journalists
Request took 1159ms