http://www.gillettenewsrecord.com/site/privacy.html
Sections
News
Local News
Elections
In brief
Region
Wyoming
Nation/World
Sports
Local
National
NHSFR
Photos
Gallery
Pet Photo Contest
Obituaries
Opinion
Editorials
Columnists
Letters to the Editor
In Our Past
Editorial Cartoons
Records
Crime blotter
Courts
Community Update
Classifieds
View Classifieds
Public Notices
Place an Ad
Real Estate
Marketplace
Diversions
Dear Annie
Comics
The “Scopes
Puzzles
Special Sections
e-Edition
Special Sections
Resources
Calendar
Forms
Search
Sign Up
Log In
Dashboard
Logout
My Account
Dashboard
Profile
Saved items
Logout
Home
Site
Site
We take your personal privacy seriously. That is why we have adopted our Privacy Policy, which explains our position on information gathering and how we intend to use and share any information we collect. Your use of the web site or our services signifies acknowledgement of and consent to the information practices in our Privacy Policy. Other services, advertisers and information providers that are accessible on this web site are provided by third parties, and have their own policies about using personal information. You should contact these third parties directly for their policies.You agree that we may access and disclose information about you or your use of our service when we deem it necessary or appropriate to comply with the law, to respond to claims, to protect our systems and customers, to ensure the integrity and operation of our business and systems, or to protect the rights or property of this web site or its affiliates. Such disclosure may include, without limitation, Personally Identifiable Information (name, e-mail address, etc.), your IP address, clickstream and traffic information and usage history. Our right to disclose any such information shall govern over any terms of our Privacy Policy.We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the Website. These companies may use information (not including any Personally-Identifying Information) about your visits to the Website and other websites that are contained in Web Cookies in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.We may allow advertisers to choose the characteristics of users who will see their advertisements, and we may use any of the Non-Personally Identifying Information we have collected (including information you may have decided not to show to other users, such as your birth year or other sensitive personal information or preferences) to select the appropriate audience for those advertisements. We do not identify you to the advertiser. Opt-Out of CookiesIf you wish to manage or opt-out of cookies utilized by our site and third party advertisers you can take the following steps:•You may be able to download an opt-out cookie from the third party advertiser's website allowing you to opt-out of cookies. Please visit the third party advertiser's websites for more information.•Your web browser may allow you to manage what cookies are accepted or declined. These settings can usually be found in the preferences or options menus of your web browser.•Your web browser may also allow you to manually view cookies and delete the cookies you don't want or need. Check your web browser's settings for more information.•Websites that require registration may allow you to opt-out of cookies. Check the account settings or preferences section of the website for more information.•If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please complete the following links:  http://optout.networkadvertising.org/#!/ or http://optout.aboutads.info/#!/ International UsersYou acknowledge and agree that due to the international dimension of our company we may use the data collected in the course of our relationship for the purposes identified in the Privacy Policy, for the purposes identified in our other communications with you, or to provide the information to other businesses and selected third parties which may be outside your resident jurisdiction. this web site stores and processes your information on computers located in the United States that are protected by physical as well as technological security devices. In addition, such data may be stored on servers located in other jurisdictions. By providing us with your data, you consent to the transfer of such data. If you object to your information being transferred or used in this way please do not use our site or services.
Latest News
Residents, elected officials upset over state's health orders
Wyoming won't join Texas lawsuit challenging election
Sponsors needed for Rec Center's 32nd annual Secret Santa program
CCSD updates its strategic plan despite gap in data on student achievement
Jingle Bell Run raises $2,000 to help kids through GARF
Active COVID cases fall again with 1,279 reported recoveries
US experts convene to decide whether to OK Pfizer vaccine
No drama corona-Christmas has some secretly jumping for joy
Most Popular
Articles
Images
Videos
Commented
ArticlesStatewide mask mandate goes into effect WednesdaySpecial prosecutor to be named to review officer-involved shootingOnce king of the stockpile, Peabody struggles to avoid another bankruptcy$13,000 theft, $1,100 shoplifting land man in prisonResidents, elected officials upset over state's health ordersWyoming won't join Texas lawsuit challenging electionGordon's mask mandate isn't a surprise, but is not a popular decisionGillette man to serve eight to 13 years in prison for attempted manslaughterCampbell County surpasses 3,000 COVID-19 cases; mask mandate to go in effectLinda Lueras
Images
VideosSorry, there are no recent results for popular videos.
CommentedStatewide mask mandate goes into effect Wednesday (9)Wyoming won't join Texas lawsuit challenging election (6)Another COVID-19 death in Campbell County as it passes 2,000-case threshold (6)147 new COVID-19 cases in Campbell County, active cases over 1,000 (6)As COVID-19 surges, state and local officials mull new mandates (5)Commissioners receive pushback on mask requirement (5)'A new movement': Trump's false claims take hold in states (4)GPD officer returns fire, kills suspect (4)Half of Campbell County Public Health employees out with COVID (4)A small but growing online theory says Wyoming doesn't exist (3)
Latest e-Edition
Gillette News Record
To view our latest e-Edition click the image on the left.
Featured Businesses
Gillette News Record
1201 W. Second St., Gillette, WY 82716
307-682-9306
Website
CAM-PLEX
1635 Reata Drive, Gillette, WY 82718
307-682-0552
Website
Momentum Physical Therapy
305 W. Lakeway Rd, Gillette, WY 82718
307-696-6045
Website
Gillette Reproductive Health
1304 W. 4th Street, Gillette, WY 82716
307-682-8110
Website
Campbell County Cemetery District
804 S Emerson Ave, Gillette, WY 82716
307-682-3125
Website
Campbell County Recreation Center
Wright Wyoming
250 Shoshone Ave, Gillette, WY 82718
307-682-8527
Website
Events
Powder River Transportation / Coach, USA
1700 E US Highway 14-16, Gillette, WY 82716
307-682-0960
Website
307 Realty Team
39 Town Center Dr., Suite 100, Gillette, WY 82718
307-670-8307
Currently Open
Website
Ads
Find a local business
Top Newspaper Ads
Crane's Commercial Tire
Gillette’s Little Hidden Treasures
NOWCAP
Bulletin
Only houses that are nominated will be judged!
Who can participate? Any home within the city limits. Nominate yourself, a neighbor, or a friend. Deadline for nominations is 5 p.m. Friday, Dec. 11.
Submit
Now >
First-place winner will receive $300,
second place wins $200 and
third place wins $100
in both the Judge’s Choice and the
People’s Choice categories.
© Copyright 2020 Gillette News Record, P.O. Box 3006 Gillette, WY | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.