http://www.journalgazette.net/terms-of-use/
The Journal Gazette
The Journal Gazette
Sections
Subscribe/manage
Log in
FortWayne.com home
Subscribe
Jobs
Cars
Homes
Events
Classifieds
Shopping
Celebrations
Obituaries
Weather
Local
Sports
Blogs
Opinion
Living
Business
News
Data
Free stories
Follow us
Sign up for newsletters
Obituaries
Archives
Send news tips
Home
Contact
Welcome to journalgazette.net, a Fort Wayne Newspapers site. We ask that you review these Terms of Use, which are intended to constitute a binding license agreement that conditions your use of this site ("Agreement"). Our goal is to protect our rights in order to provide you with access to the content available at this site. If you do not wish to be bound by this Agreement after you have read it, please leave the site. Remaining on this site, or returning thereafter, constitutes your consent to be bound by this Agreement.
Responsible conduct. You agree to act responsibly at this site and, in all interactions with the site, to treat other visitors with respect.
Use of content. Your use of the content, software and services on Fort Wayne Newspapers sites (referred to collectively as the "Content" herein) is subject to the following terms.
You agree not to access any of the Content through any automated means (including, but not limited to, use of scripts, web crawlers or screen scrapers) and shall ensure that you comply with the instructions set out in any robots.txt file present on the site.
You agree not to use for commercial purposes or resell any of the data derived from this Content unless you have been specifically allowed to do so in a separate, written agreement with us. We reserve the right to discontinue your access without notice if we detect a violation of these Terms of Use. You agree that Fort Wayne Newspapers may take any action necessary, whether at law or in equity, it deems necessary to protect its rights and the rights of other users of this site.
Limited License/Copyright and Intellectual Property Law Restrictions. Except for public domain material, the Content on this site is protected by intellectual property laws, including U.S. copyright laws. You are hereby granted a non-exclusive license to use the material at this site while connected to this site (including, where available, to e-mail individual stories to friends directly from this site). You are also granted a limited license to print one copy of any Content posted at the site, but only for your personal use. You may establish ordinary links to our site without our written permission. Except as expressly provided above, all rights are reserved. Among other things, except to the extent required for the limited purpose of reviewing material on our site, electronic reproduction, adaptation, distribution, performance or display is prohibited. Changes to or deletion of author attribution or copyright notices are prohibited. Commercial use of any of the Content is strictly prohibited. Use of any of our trademarks as metatags on other Web sites also is strictly prohibited. You may not display this Web site in frames (or any of the Content via in-line links) without our express written permission, which may be requested by contacting us through our feedback form.
Links. We may provide links from our site to other sites as a convenience to our visitors. We have no control over linked sites and make no representations about any content or material available at these locations. Links are not intended to imply sponsorship, affiliation or endorsement.
Opinion, Feedback and Other Submissions. Users who have properly registered on this site may post comments and opinions on Fort Wayne Newspapers sites. Generally, any communication which you post to the site (a "Posting") is considered to be non-confidential. By posting communications to the site, you automatically grant Fort Wayne Newspapers a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, nonexclusive license to use, reproduce, modify, publish, edit, transfer and display the communication alone or as part of other works in any form, media or technology.
By posting a submission, you warrant and represent that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to your submission as described in these Terms of Use including, without limitation, all the rights necessary for you to provide, post, upload, input or submit the submissions.
As a User, you are responsible for your own communications and are responsible for the consequences of their posting. You MUST NOT do the following things: post material that is copyrighted, unless you are the copyright owner or have the permission of the copyright owner to post it; post material that reveals trade secrets, unless you own them or have the permission of the owner; post material that infringes on any other intellectual property rights of others or on the privacy or publicity rights of others; post material that is obscene, defamatory, libelous, threatening, harassing, abusive or hateful to another user or any other person or entity; post a sexually explicit image; post advertisements or solicitations of business; post chain letters or pyramid schemes; or impersonate another person.
Fort Wayne Newspapers does not represent or guarantee the truthfulness, accuracy or reliability of any of communications posted by other users or endorse any opinions expressed by users. You acknowledge that any reliance on material posted by other users will be at your own risk.
Privacy Protection for Children. In compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), we will not knowingly provide access to Fort Wayne Newspapers' sites to persons under the age of thirteen (13). If Fort Wayne Newspapers later learns that any registered user is under the age of thirteen (13), we will take appropriate steps to remove the member's information from the database and we will restrict this individual from future access to Fort Wayne Newspapers' sites. We feel strongly about protecting the privacy of children. We encourage kids to involve their parents in any interactive activity they participate in online. Except where otherwise disclosed, we will not collect or use any personal information from children we know to be under the age of thirteen without obtaining express parental consent. All general information collected from users under the age of thirteen is used only for aggregate statistical analysis.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES.You expressly agree that use of this website is at your sole risk. There is no warranty that your access to or use of this site will be uninterrupted or error-free, or that any particular results may be obtained by use of this site..
This site is made available on an "as-is" basis without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including but not limited to warranties of title or implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or otherwise, other than those which are implied by an incapable of exclusion, restriction, or modification under the laws applicable to this agreement. Neither we nor any other person or entity providing content via this site shall be liable to you for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages.
Modifications/Termination. This Web site is dynamic and will change over time without notice.
The terms of this agreement will not be modified on an individual basis. You agree that we may modify the terms of this Agreement (or discontinue this site) in our sole discretion, without advance notice, and that your right to access this site is conditioned on an ongoing basis with your compliance with the then-current version of these Terms of Use. You should therefore visit this page frequently.
Jurisdiction. This Web site is hosted on servers located in the United States and is intended to be viewed by residents of the United States. In the event of any dispute arising out of or relating to this site, you agree that the exclusive venue for litigating disputes shall be in state or federal court in Fort Wayne, Indiana.
Sign up for our daily headlines newsletter
Submit
Top headlines are sent daily
Share this article
Share on facebook
Share on twitter
Email story