https://www.wessexscene.co.uk/terms/
Latest
The Importance of the Festive Season During a Pandemic
Ings Capitalizes on VAR Controversy To Send Saints 5th
The Quarantine Guide to… Lockdown Tzsujing Your Christmas Traditions!
Halo Device saved Grosjean’s life in horror crash
Rescue Mission for Soton Student Trapped in Breakout Room Successful
Is This The Beginning Of The End Of The UK High Street?
The Government Has Let Students Down This Christmas
If Only There Really Were Consequences of Free Speech
SUSU Launches Sports Clubs’ Coronavirus Appeal
Pfizer Vaccine Approved and to be Distributed from Next Week
Search
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Navigate
Home
News
Features
Politics
Sport
Opinion
Lifestyle
Sci & Tech
Travel
Pause
HomeTerms & Conditions
At the Wessex Scene we appreciate your readership and support and place a high value on your personal privacy. In adopting this privacy policy, our intent is to balance our legitimate business interests in collecting and using your personal information with your reasonable expectations of privacy. This Privacy Policy may be revised or updated at any time and we encourage you to check back often to ensure that you are familiar with the most recent version and the terms of our Privacy Policy.
When does the Wessex Scene collect my personal information?
You may provide personal information to the Wessex Scene in one of the following ways: (1) by sharing your e-mail address when subscribing to our newsletter, (2) by sharing personal information when you post comments on our posts or stories, or (3) by participating in a survey where an email address is requested. We may also ask for other information at other times but at no time will you be required to share any personal information to gain complete access to our site.
In addition to basic contact information, our analytics trackers may also collect information that is in no way personally identifiable. This may include the operating system you are working on, the Internet browser you are using, and the screen resolution of your computer.
How does the Wessex Scene use my personal information?
Depending on the portion of our site that you have subscribed to, we may use your information in a number of ways.
The email address you provided through our newsletter subscription form enables us to send you a daily digest of Wessex Scene news stories. This subscription is entirely opt-in by the user. (We cannot subscribe you to the newsletter as you personally must have access to the email account in order to verify the subscription.) Subscribers can opt-out of our newsletter at any time by clicking the “Unsubscribe” link that is present on every email at the very bottom of the newsletter.
The email address that you use when contacting us will not be used for any reason but for the purposes of responding to your inquiry.
The email address associated with your account when you comment on our stories may be used in conjunction with contests and promotions hosted on the Wessex Scene’s website to notify you if you have won. Email addresses provided in comments are not used for any other reason, and will not be made public.
We may at times request your participation in a survey. We will not provide your email addresses to any third party but may contact you via them to distribute prizes in associated giveaways.
To maintain a site that is free of charge, we may display advertisements on our website. At no time does any party other than the Wessex Scene have access to your personally identifiable information (with the exception of Google who maintains our RSS subscription-by-email service), and you will never be contacted by any party other than the Wessex Scene. The only exceptions to the foregoing are that we may disclose personally identifiable information (i) in response to legal process, for example, in response to a court order or subpoena, (ii) in response to a law enforcement agency’s request, or where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take actions regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of another person, violations of our terms of use, or as otherwise required by law, or (iii) in the event we are acquired by or merged with another company.
When you sign up for our updates or receive e-mail messages from the Wessex Scene, you will always be given the chance to opt-out of our communications. You may change your preferences at any time and will only be contacted in manners consistent with your stated preferences.
Non-personally identifiable information (such as stated above) may be shared in aggregate form with our advertisers or marketing partners but your personally identifiable information will never be disclosed to them.
Is there anything else I should know about my privacy and the Wessex Scene?
Any information you disclose voluntarily on our comments page or in any properties hosted by the Wessex Scene becomes public information. wessexscene.com is a public forum. We cannot control the action of our site users and advise you to use your discretion in sharing information about yourself on the Internet. All information sharing is optional and done so at your own risk. Privacy is a very personal matter and we encourage you to be careful and responsible when disclosing personal information online.
Wessex Scene Comment Policy
We never censor comments based on political or ideological point of view or of a critical nature. We reserve the right to delete those comments that are off-topic, “spam” in nature, abusive, use excessive foul language, or include ad hominem attacks. Comment approval is required to ensure that no abusive or spam-like comments are posted onto the website.
We collect users’ email addresses to help prevent spam, and to notify users about any replies to their comments. Users can opt-out of these email notifications at any time.
Once a comment is made public on the Wessex Scene website, we will not remove it by request. As a user, you are responsible for your own communications and are responsible for the consequences of their posting.
Comments will only be considered for removal (i) in response to legal process, for example, in response to a court order, or (ii) in response to a law enforcement agency’s request, or where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take actions regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of another person, violations of our terms of use, or as otherwise required by law.
Any views expressed by Wessex Scene writers in the comments do not necessarily reflect the views of the Wessex Scene or the University of Southampton’s Students Union.
Recent CommentsCaspar Donnison on The EU Has Failed Miserably On Climate ChangeJordan Truong on The Face of the Essex Tragedy: A Personal Perspective of Pham’s TaleMagnus Gorny on The Face of the Essex Tragedy: A Personal Perspective of Pham’s TaleBen Dolbear on As If Creative Careers Needed More Instability…
Social Media
Find out moreGet Involved
Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Writer Login
READ OUR LATEST ISSUE Wessex Scene Pandemic Issue
READ OUR LATEST COLLABORATION Wessex Scene x The Hysteria Collective: FeminismWessex Scene's third collaborative issue of the 2019/2020 academic year for International Women's Day. This time, we have collaborative with feminist creative platform The Hysteria Collective.
READ OUR LATEST ISSUE Wessex Scene Pandemic Issue
Avatars by Sterling Adventures