https://www.forecastwatch.com/privacy-policy/
Introduction and Scope
1.1. Introduction. Intellovations, LLC and our affiliated companies (collectively, “we”) want you to be familiar with how we collect, use, and disclose information from and about you because we understand you are concerned about your privacy, and we want to maintain your trust.
1.2. Scope. This Privacy Policy applies to all information collected or used on sites and applications that we own or control that link to this Privacy Policy, including www.ForecastWatch.com, www.Intellovations.com, and www.ForecastAdvisor.com (collectively, the “Website”).
1.3. Definitions.
(a) “Cookies” are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but if you prefer, you can edit your browser options to block them in the future.
(b) “IP address” is a unique number assigned to every device connected to the internet. An IP address is a number that identifies each sender or receiver of information that is sent in packets across the Internet. An IP address can be used to identify the location of the device to which it is assigned.
(c) “Local shared objects” (“LSOs”), sometimes known as Flash cookies, may be used to store your preferences or display content based upon what you have viewed on various websites to personalize your visit.
(d) “Server logs” are an automatically-created record containing the page requests made when you visit our Website. These “server logs” typically include your web request, IP address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
(e) “Tags” (aka “Pixel Tags”) refer to scripts that are used to track a visitor’s activity on our Website by web analytics software. A visitor’s activity is anonymous if he/she is not logged in. If she/he has logged in using their username and password, additional information is passed through these tags. Tags are used for, but not limited to, determining effectiveness of the Website design, information architecture, and consumption of in – formation and services provided via the Website.
(f) “Personally-identifiable information” is information which you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address or billing information, or other data which can be reasonably linked to such information by Intellovations, such as information we associate with your Intellovations account.
2. Consent to Use of Personal Information. By using our services [or registering for an account with us], you are accepting the terms of this Privacy Policy [and our User Agreement] and consenting to our collection, use, disclosure, retention, and protection of your personal information as described in this Policy. You may object or withdraw consent to our use of your personal information at any time by contacting us at privacy@intellovations.com.
3. Children Under 13. We do not solicit or collect information from anyone under the age of 13 or allow people under the age of 13 to register for the Website. The Website and its content are not directed at children under the age of 13. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at privacy@intellovations.com.
4. Information We Collect. We may collect information that identifies you (“Personally-Identifiable Information”) when you use our Website. The types of information that we collect may include any of the following:
(a) if provided by you, your name, address, phone number, birth date, billing and delivery information, email address, credit card, or other financial account information,
(b) other information that you provide to us but that does not identify you personally, such as records of your visits and information that you submit when using the Website,
(c) information from third parties, and
(d) traffic and usage information generated from your visits to the Website, including:
i. the type of device that you use to access it, and how and when you do so
ii. your IP address
iii. information from LSOs, Cookies, Tags and other information from our Server Logs
5. How We Collect Information
5.1. Tracking Technologies We Use. We may use one or more of the following technologies to collect Personally-Identifiable Information and other information: cookies, LSOs, server log information, and referral information from third-party websites. We may also use tracking technologies to collect information about your visits over time and across third-party websites or other online services.
5.2. California Privacy Rights and Do Not Track Disclosures. If you are a California resident, you may have certain additional rights.
(a) Privacy Rights. California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your Personal Information by us to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. California Business and Professions Code Section 22581 permits registered users who are minors to request and obtain deletion of certain posted content. To make any such requests, please email us at privacy@intellovations.com.
(b) California Do-Not-Track Disclosures. California Business & Professions Code Section 22575(b) (as amended effective January 1, 2014) provides that California residents are entitled to know how we respond to “Do Not Track” browser settings. We do not currently take actions to respond to Do Not Track signals because a uniform technological standard has not yet been developed. We continue to review new technologies and may adopt a standard once one is created.
6. How We Use Your Information. We may use the information that we collect for any of the following purposes:
(a) to provide, operate, maintain, improve, and promote the Website,
(b) to enable you to access and use the Website, including uploading, downloading, collaborating on, and sharing content,
(c) to process and complete transactions, and send you related information, including purchase confirmations and invoices,
(d) to send transactional messages, including
i. responding to your comments, questions, and requests
ii. providing customer service and support, and
iii. sending you technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages,
(e) to send promotional communications, such as providing you with information about services, features, newsletters, offers, promotions, contests, events, and updates about your team and chat rooms,
(f) to monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with the Website and for marketing or advertising purposes,
(g) to investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions, unauthorized access to the Website, and other illegal activities,
(h) to personalize the Website content, features, or advertisements, or
(i) to enable you to share content with users you designate.
7. E-mail Policy
7.1. Your e-mail address will only be used by Intellovations. We do not sell or rent e-mail addresses to anyone outside Intellovations. For some e-mail messages distributed by Intellovations, specific information on recipient response is collected. For example, we sometimes review how many recipients open and subsequently choose to click through to links provided in an e-mail message. We use this information only for the purposes of analyzing areas of interest, improving our products and enhancing the usefulness of our Sites for Intellovations members and other visitors. None of this information is sold or distributed outside of Intellovations in any manner.
8. Information Sharing and Disclosure
8.1. Online Advertising. Ads appearing on the Website may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad servers to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement in order to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers our use of cookies on the Website and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers, each of whom maintain their own privacy policy.
8.2. Google AdSense. Google AdSense is an advertising service provided by Google. The Sites use the “Doubleclick” Cookie, which tracks use of each Site and user behavior concerning ads, products and the services we offer. You may decide to disable all the Doubleclick Cookies at the following location link: https://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb/optout?hl=en. You may find the Google AdSense Privacy Policy at the following location: https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/.
8.3. Service Providers Generally. We engage service providers to provide services to us. We may share your Personally-Identifiable Information with them, (a) subject to our obligations under this Privacy Policy,
(a) subject to any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures, and
(b) on the condition that they use your Personally-Identifiable Information only on our behalf and in accordance with our instructions.
8.4. Payment Service Providers. We share your payment information with payment services providers to
(a) process payments,
(b) prevent, detect, and investigate fraud or other prohibited activities,
(c) facilitate dispute resolution such as chargebacks or refunds, and
(d) for other purposes associated with the acceptance of credit or debit cards.
8.5. Authorized Personnel. Our employees, agents, consultants, contractors, or other authorized personnel, may have access to user information as necessary in the normal course of our business.
8.6. Business Transfers. In some cases, we may choose to buy or sell assets. In these types of transactions, user information is typically one of the business assets that is transferred. Moreover, if Intellovations, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, liquidated, or dissolved, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred.
9. Controls and Choices
9.1. Your Controls and Choices. We provide you the ability to exercise certain controls and choices regarding our collection, use, and sharing of your Personally-Identifiable Information. In accordance with local law, your controls and choices may include any or all of the following:
(a) you may correct, update, and delete your account information, as described below,
(b) you may change your choices for subscriptions and newsletters,
(c) you may choose whether or not to receive offers from us, and
(d) you may choose whether you receive targeted advertising from us or our partners.
10. Managing Your Information
10.1. Accuracy of Information. You can help ensure that your contact information and preferences are accurate, complete, and up-to-date by logging in to your account, or contacting us at privacy@intellovations.com.
10.2. Request for Access. Please contact us if you
(a) are concerned about the accuracy of any Personally-Identifiable Information,
(b) wish to review, access, amend, or correct any of it, or
(c) wish to receive a downloadable and readable file of your Personally-Identifiable Information.
10.3. Request for Erasure. Please contact us if you
(a) would like any of your Personally-Identifiable Information removed from our records or otherwise deleted. Your Personally-Identifiable Information is kept indefinitely. Your Request of Erasure of your Personally-Identifiable Information will be completed within five business days of request.
(b) would like to restrict processing of your Personally-Identifiable information.
10.4. Our Right to Decline Requests. We may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive, require disproportionate technical effort, jeopardize the privacy of others, are extremely impractical, or for which access is not required by applicable law or for any legitimate purposes.
11. Security of Your Information
11.1. Security Measures. We have put in place physical, electronic, and managerial procedures designed to help prevent unauthorized access, to maintain data security, and to correctly use the information we collect online. These safeguards vary based on the sensitivity of the information that we collect and store.
11.2. No Security Guarantees. Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of Information, we cannot assure you that your Personally-Identifiable Information will never be disclosed, altered or destroyed, in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy.
12. Changes to Privacy Policy. Although most changes are likely to be minor, we may change our Privacy Policy on one or more occasions. We encourage visitors to frequently check this page for any changes. Your continued use of the Website after any change will constitute your acceptance of this Privacy Policy with those changes.
13. Links to Other Websites. The Website contains links to other sites, which may be operated by companies not affiliated with us. Linked websites may have their own privacy policies or notices, which we strongly suggest you review if you visit them. We are not responsible for either the content of any websites that are not affiliated with us or the privacy practices of those websites.
14. Users from Other Jurisdictions. By using the Service, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy and consent to having your data transferred to and processed on computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those in your jurisdiction. If you do not accept this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Service. The Service is controlled and operated by Intellovations from the United States. If you are not a resident of the United States or you are located outside the United States and choose to use the Service or provide information to us, please note that we will transfer the information, including Personal Information, to the United States and process it there. Your acceptance of this Privacy Policy, followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement and consent to that transfer. We do not represent or warrant that the Service, or any portion thereof, are appropriate or available for use in any particular jurisdiction. Those who choose to access the Service do so on their own initiative and at their own risk, and are responsible for complying with all local laws, rules and regulations. You also are subject to United States export controls in connection with your use of the Service and are responsible for any violations of such controls, including, without limitation, any United States embargoes or other federal rules and regulations restricting exports. We may limit the availability of the Service, in whole or in part, to any person, geographic area or jurisdiction that we choose, at any time and in our sole discretion.
15. Contacting Us. You can reach us by email at privacy@intellovations.com. Our Data Protection Officer, Eric J. Floehr, can be reached by email at eric@intellovations.com or 6724 Perimeter Loop Road, #275, Dublin, OH 43017.
Home
About us
Services
Contact
Privacy Policy
News