http://www.medialaw.org/component/content/article/3/191-privacy-policy
home
Media Law Resource Center
Serving the Media Law Community Since 1980
About MLRC
Join
Events
Publications
Model Briefs & Guides
Databanks
Topics Page
Committees
Member Search
MLRC Institute
Member Job Listings
Member Login
Username
Password
Remember Me
Reset log-in
Go
Advanced Search
Home
Privacy Policy
Medialaw.org, the website for the Media Law Resource Center ("MLRC"), is a forum for sharing news, information and resources about media law.
Additionally, some members receive MLRC's MediaLawDaily and other publications by e-mail or links sent via e-mail.
Because MLRC understands that your privacy is important to you, MLRC has established this privacy policy to explain what information is collected and how it is used. This Privacy Statement is effective April 3, 2018.
If you are located outside of the United States, you have additional rights detailed under "International Users," below.
Information Gathered by MLRC
For visitors to our website and members of our organization, we log standard technical information such as your IP address, the kind of browser and/or device you are using, and referral site. We collect limited information regarding user logins/dates for security purposes.
In addition, our website requires users to log in to access certain services and certain areas of our web site (including our Brief Bank, Publications, and Committee pages).
MLRC members may log in to the site with their email address (the username) and a password that they are provided at the time they begin their memberships. Non-members may be required to create an account on this site in order to register for events or for other website functions, but creation of an account does not grant non-members access to members-only areas of the site.
MediaLaw.org uses cookies to administer our site and provide a more tailored and user-friendly service to you.
For example, we may use cookies to save password and account information to facilitate automatic logon and also establish a user's access privileges, which may vary depending on membership level.
Members may also voluntarily upload documents, such as briefs, to MediaLaw.org. MediaLaw.org's security is designed to restrict access to these documents to members of MLRC who are logged into the site.
MLRC's Use of Information
MLRC may use information gathered through this site and through other interactions (1) to send mailings such as professional publications, member communications, and event invitations; (2) to track attendance and participation in MLRC conferences and other activities; (3) to provide our publicly available Member Directory; and (4) to control access to resources such as areas of our website that are limited to MLRC members or to specific categories of members.
MLRC makes a Member Directory of defense counsel contact information available to the public on its website, but Members may opt out of being listed in the Member Directory.
Contact
This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it
if you would like to opt-out of being listed in the Directory.
We may share personally identifiable information about our users with third parties, including: (1) with your consent or as otherwise stated in this Privacy Statement; (2) when we have a good faith belief it is necessary pursuant to a subpoena or other judicial or administrative order; (3) where required by law; or (4) at our sole discretion, where we deem necessary to respond to claims, to protect the safety of any individual or the public, or to protect the rights or property of MLRC or any third party.
In the event of a change of ownership or a direct merger with or acquisition by another entity, your information may be transferred to the acquiring entity.
Third Parties
This site contains links to related sites and organizations.
MLRC is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
We encourage users to read the privacy policies of any website visited.
Changes to Our Policies
MLRC's Privacy Statement may change from time to time. If we make any substantive changes to our policies, we will notify registered users by email at the address provided by you, or by posting notice of changes to this website.
Your use of the site after the changes constitutes your agreement with regard to information collected from you in the past and in the future.
Security
Although we make good faith efforts to store information collected by MediaLaw.org in a secure operating environment, we cannot guarantee complete security, as perfect security does not exist on the Internet.
Use by Minors Prohibited
MediaLaw.org is designed for users over the age of 18.
MLRC complies with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act and will not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13.
International Users
If you are an international user, you have the following rights with respect to information that we might have collected about you, regardless of whether it was collected through your use of this site:
You have the right to review such data.
You have the right to have errors corrected in such data.
You have the right to request that we delete such data.
You have the right to an explanation about how we use such data.
To exercise any of these rights, please contact us using the contact information provided below. We may request that you provide us with additional information about yourself that might be necessary to verify your identity or to process your request (for example, to assist us in locating relevant records in our database); such additional information will be used solely as necessary to fulfill your request.
All data available from or gathered through this website is stored on servers located in the United States. By visiting our website and providing us with data or using our services, you agree that we may use the data collected as described in this Privacy Statement. By providing us with your data, you consent to the transfer of such data outside your jurisdiction.
Contacting the Website
If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement, the practices of MLRC, or your experience with MediaLaw.org, please contact us at the postal address, phone number or email address listed below.
Media Law Resource Center520 Eighth AvenueNorth Tower - 20th FloorNew York, N.Y. 10018212-337-0200
This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it
Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © 2019 Media Law Resource Center. All Rights Reserved.
Joomla Templates at JoomlaShack