https://www.positive.news/cookie-policy/
Cookie Policy
1. Introduction
This website, Positive.News (“Our Site”) uses Cookies and similar technologies in order to distinguish you from other users.
By using Cookies, we are able to provide you with a better experience and to improve Our Site by better understanding how you use it.
Please read this Cookie Policy carefully and ensure that you understand it. Your acceptance of our Cookie Policy is deemed to occur if;
you continue using Our Site OR
when you press the “accept” button on our Cookie pop-up.
If you do not agree to Our Cookie Policy, please stop using Our Site immediately.
2. Definitions and Interpretation
In this Cookie Policy, unless the context otherwise requires, the following expressions have the following meanings:
“Cookie”                       means a small file placed on your computer or device by Our Site when you visit certain parts of Our Site and/or when you use certain features of Our Site;
“Cookie Law”               means the relevant parts of the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003 and of EU Regulation 2016/679 General Data Protection Regulation “GDPR”;
“personal data”           means any and all data that relates to an identifiable person who can be directly or indirectly identified from that data, as defined by (the Data Protection Act 2018) OR (EU Regulation 2016/679 General Data Protection Regulation “GDPR”; and
“We/Us/Our”               means Positive News Publishing Ltd, a company limited by guarantee, registered in England and Wales under company number 03891920. Our registered office address is at 24 Greencoat Place, London, SW1P 1RD.
3. How Does Our Site Use Cookies?
Our Site may place and access certain first party Cookies on your computer or device. First party Cookies are those placed directly by Us and are used only by Us. We use Cookies to facilitate and improve your experience of Our Site and to provide and improve Our products and/or services. We have carefully chosen these Cookies and have taken steps to ensure that your privacy and personal data is protected and respected at all times.
By using Our Site, you may also receive certain third-party Cookies on your computer or device. Third party Cookies are those placed by websites, services, and/or parties other than Us. For more details on how third-party cookies are used on Our Site, please refer to section 4 below.
All Cookies used by and on Our Site are used in accordance with current Cookie Law.
Cookies can either be persistent (Cookies that remain on your device for a predetermined period and activated each time you visit Our Site) or session cookies (temporary ones that are deleted when you leave Our Site). We may use some or all of the following types of Cookie:
Strictly Necessary Cookies
These Cookies are essential to the operation of Our Site, and are used to support functions such as logging in, your shopping basket, and payment transactions.
Analytics Cookies
Analytics Cookies enable us to gather information about how you use Our Site enabling us to make improvements. You do not have to allow Us to use these Cookies, however whilst Our use of them does not pose any risk to your privacy or your safe use of Our Site, it does enable Us to continually improve Our Site, making it a better and more useful experience for you.
Functionality Cookies
These Cookies allow Us to provide functions such as personalisation and remembering your saved preferences. Some functionality Cookies may also be strictly necessary Cookies, but not all necessarily fall into that category.
Targeting Cookies
Alongside analytics Cookies, targeting Cookies help us to better understand you and, in turn, to make Our Site and advertising more relevant to your interests. Targeting Cookies show us when and how often you visit Our Site, and which parts of it you have used (for example what pages and links). Some information gathered by targeting Cookies may be shared with third parties.
Third Party Cookies
Third party Cookies are placed by third parties that provide services to Us and/or to you. Third party Cookies may be used by advertising services to serve up tailored advertising to you on Our Site, or by third parties providing analytics services to Us (these Cookies will work in the same way as analytics Cookies described above).
Cookies on Our Site are not permanent and will expire as indicated in the tables below.
4. What Cookies Does Our Site Use?
4.1     The following first party Cookies may be placed on your computer or device:
4.2     The following third party Cookies may be placed on your computer or device:
4.3     The analytics service(s) used by Our Site use(s) the following analytics Cookies:
Do we track whether users open our emails?
Our emails contain a single, campaign-unique “web beacon pixel” to inform us whether our emails are opened and verify any clicks through to links or advertisements within the email. We may use this information for purposes including determining which of our emails are more interesting to users, to query whether users who do not open our emails wish to continue receiving them and to inform our advertisers in aggregate how many users have clicked on their advertisements. The pixel will be deleted when you delete the email. If you do not wish the pixel to be downloaded to your device, you should select to receive emails from us in plain text rather than HTML.
5. Consent and Control
5.1     Before Cookies are placed on your computer or device, you will be shown a pop-up requesting your consent to set those Cookies. By giving your consent to the placing of Cookies you are enabling Us to provide the best possible experience and service to you. You may, if you wish, deny consent to the placing of Cookies unless those Cookies are necessary; however certain features of Our Site may not function fully or as intended.
5.2     In addition to the controls that We provide, you can choose to enable or disable Cookies in your internet browser. Most internet browsers also enable you to choose whether you wish to disable all Cookies or only third-party Cookies. By default, most internet browsers accept Cookies but this can be changed. For further details, please consult the help menu in your internet browser or the documentation that came with your device.
6. Changes to this Cookie Policy
6.1     We may alter this Cookie Policy at any time. Any such changes will become binding on you on your first use of Our Site after the changes have been made.  You are therefore advised to check this page from time to time.
6.2     In the event of any conflict between the current version of this Cookie Policy and any previous version(s), the provisions current and in effect shall prevail unless it is expressly stated otherwise.
7. Contact us
7.1     If you would like to know more about how we use Cookies, and for more information about privacy, data protection and our terms and conditions, you can contact us via the “Contact Us” link on our website or by writing to the Data Protection Lead at the address given below.
Alternatively, to view our Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions of Sale, you can visit the following:
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
You can contact our Data Protection Lead at:
POSITIVE NEWS
24 Greencoat Place
London
SW1P 1RD
United Kingdom
or by email to privacy@positive.news
Society
Environment
Lifestyle
Science
Economics
Opinion
About Positive News
Contact us
Brands of Inspiration
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Terms and conditions
Rules of the society
Become a supporter
Positive News magazine
My account
Stock magazine
Get our newsletter
Get Positive News stories in your inbox each week
Email address
Marketing Preferences
Yes, I'd like to receive the weekly newsletter by email in accordance with the Privacy Policy
Website: Atomic Smash
Copyright © Positive News. All rights reserved.
Start typing and press enter to search
Search for:
Close this module
Inbox inspirationSign up for a weekly dose of Positive NewsFirst nameLast nameEmail addressSign up
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok