http://www.lmtonline.com/news/article/Laywer-Client-in-Giuliani-case-hasn-t-paid-legal-15597543.php?utm_campaign=hppolitics
Lawyer: Client in Giuliani case hasn't paid legal fees - Laredo Morning Times
Subscribe
Sign In
Home
Subscribe
Legal Ads
Daily Deals
Today's Ads
2019 Outlook
Archives
2019 Ask Us
Subscriber Services
The Zapata Times
Preferred Business
Privacy Notice
Terms of Use
This venue in Fredericksburg is hosting Octoberfest, Bratwurst
Memes mock another Texans' rout, shocking Cowboys' win
QP Rewind: See how the Laredo nightlife looked in 2015
Memes celebrate Cowboys' season-opening loss
News
Crime
Politics
U.S.
World
Business
Entertainment
Woman dies, two others injured in two-vehicle crash
Marijuana-laden vehicle plunges into the river in El Cenizo
MS-13 gang member arrested near Hebbronville
DHS taking steps to let border cities decide individually if
Texas
Border & Mexico
Obituaries
Sports
High School
Local Professional
NFL
NBA
MLB
College
College
Local Colleges
National Colleges
Golf
Soccer
NCAA releases health and safety guidelines for basketball
LISD releases spectator guidelines for athletic events
LISD announces schedules, Martin-Nixon rivalry off in 2020
Laredo volleyball teams back in action
Photo Galleries
Travel
This venue in Fredericksburg is hosting Octoberfest, Bratwurst
Memes mock another Texans' rout, shocking Cowboys' win
QP Rewind: See how the Laredo nightlife looked in 2015
Memes celebrate Cowboys' season-opening loss
Insider
¿Qué Pasa?
LMTenEspañol
Real Estate
Classifieds
Mercadito
Dvino Living
Kids
Jobs
E-Edition
MenuSections
https://www.lmtonline.com/news/article/Laywer-Client-in-Giuliani-case-hasn-t-paid-legal-15597543.php
Lawyer: Client in Giuliani case hasn't paid legal fees
Updated
9:47 pm CDT, Friday, September 25, 2020
NEW YORK (AP) — The lawyer representing a man accused of conspiring with associates of Rudy Giuliani to make illegal campaign contributions has asked a judge to let him quit the case, in part because his client hasn't paid his legal bills.
David Correia is among four men charged last year with using straw donors to make illegal contributions to politicians they thought could help their political and business interests. He also faces a fraud charge.
Two other men charged in the case, Lev Parnas and Igor Fruman, worked with Giuliani to try and get Ukrainian officials to investigate the son of Democrat Joe Biden.
In a letter to a federal court judge in Manhattan that was made public Friday, Correia's attorney, William Harrington, didn't detail all the reasons he was asking for permission to leave the case. But he referenced a finding by a judge that Correia “has not paid his legal bills.”
A message was left with Harrington on Friday seeking comment.
Prosecutors said Correia, an American-born businessman who owns a home with his wife in West Palm Beach, Florida, teamed with Parnas, Fruman and a third man, Andrey Kukushkin, in a scheme to make illegal campaign donations to local and federal politicians in New York, Nevada and other states in an attempt to get support for a new recreational marijuana business.
Parnas and Fruman face separate charges that they made illegal campaign contributions to Republicans, in part to further the political interests of a Ukrainian government official.
All four defendants have pleaded not guilty.
Giuliani, Trump’s personal lawyer and a former New York City mayor, has said he had no knowledge of illegal donations and hadn’t seen any evidence that Parnas or Fruman did anything wrong.
Most Popular
1
Parents Face Murder Charge in Death of Girl With Severe Lice
2
LPD: Teen that died shot himself accidentally
3
UISD announces 227 new student COVID cases, 2 from on-campus learning
4
3rd S.A. teen arrested after 3-year-old smokes pot on video
5
H-E-B issues recall for chicken sold at Laredo market
6
'Mystery creature' found at Texas beach
7
Alert: Commission: 2nd Trump-Biden debate will be 'virtual' amid concerns about Trump’s COVID-19
8
Four people wanted in theft case
9
Alton mom pleads guilty in daughter’s death
10
San Antonio fans spot comedian Dave Chappelle at the Pearl
View Comments
© 2020 Hearst Communications, Inc.
Logo
Return to Top
About
Privacy Notice
Your California Privacy Rights
Interest Based Ads
Terms of Use
Our Company
Careers
Advertising
Contact Us
Subscriber
Today's e-Edition
Become A Subscriber
Manage Account: Subscriber Services
Connect
Facebook
Twitter
Hearst Newspapers
© Copyright
Hearst Newspapers, LLC