http://www.ourmidland.com/living/article/Is-credit-card-relief-little-help-Check-out-debt-15590236.php
Is credit card relief little help? Check out debt management - Midland Daily News
Subscribe
Subscriber Services
Home
Contact Us
Insider FAQ
FAQ
Circulation
News Now signup
Breaking News signup
Print Archives
Gas Prices
Privacy Notice
Terms of Use
News
Local News
Police and Courts
Coronavirus
Community Matters
Modern Heroes
Business
State
U.S. and World
Special Sections
Submit News
Saw the Nixle alert? Here's what we found at the scene
Midland records 12 new coronavirus cases Thursday
Residents have until Oct. 11 to help decide future of
Intersection of Campau, Luhring to close for sewer repairs
Sports
High School Sports
Tom Lounsbury: Elk hunting odyssey ends on fulfilling note
Tom Lounsbury: Michigan's pheasant hunting heritage
Photos: Youth football practice, Sept. 28, 2020
Midlander named to college volleyball team roster
Opinion
Editorials
Letters
Voices
Submit a Letter
Lifestyles
Lifestyles
Announcements
Announcements
Announcements
Weddings
Engagements
Anniversaries
Birthdays
Submit a Wedding
Submit an Engagement
Submit an Anniversary
Submit a Birthday
Submit a Birth
Throwback
Entertainment
Real Estate
Risches celebrate 50th wedding anniversary
Things to Do: Entertainment in the Midland, Great Lakes Bay
Award winners for state juried exhibit announced
Things to Do: Entertainment in the Midland, Great Lakes Bay
Insider
Insider
Insider FAQ
'The kids need this': Haunted Forest Walk is a go in Lee Township
Local coaches express mixed feelings about MHSAA's decision
Window into Midland's Past: Hannah Murray, daughter of Irish
Performing arts spotlight: Ally Noel, Midland High School
Events
Readers' Choice
Flood
Curbside
Coronavirus
Photos
Obits
Classifieds
Contact Us
Submit a Classified
Jobs
MenuSections
Five months later
Five months later: Flooding story told through photos from Day...
https://www.ourmidland.com/living/article/Is-credit-card-relief-little-help-Check-out-debt-15590236.php
Is credit card relief little help? Check out debt management
Updated
7:45 am EDT, Wednesday, September 23, 2020
FILE - This Aug. 11, 2019 file photo shows Visa credit cards in New Orleans. If you’ve been denied COVID-19 assistance for your credit cards or offered terms that are not sustainable, credit counseling may get your finances on track. less
FILE - This Aug. 11, 2019 file photo shows Visa credit cards in New Orleans. If you’ve been denied COVID-19 assistance for your credit cards or offered terms that are not sustainable, credit counseling may ... more
Photo: Jenny Kane, AP
Photo: Jenny Kane, AP
Image
1
of
/
1
Caption
Close
Image
1
of
1
FILE - This Aug. 11, 2019 file photo shows Visa credit cards in New Orleans. If you’ve been denied COVID-19 assistance for your credit cards or offered terms that are not sustainable, credit counseling may get your finances on track. less
FILE - This Aug. 11, 2019 file photo shows Visa credit cards in New Orleans. If you’ve been denied COVID-19 assistance for your credit cards or offered terms that are not sustainable, credit counseling may ... more
Photo: Jenny Kane, AP
Is credit card relief little help? Check out debt management
1
/
1
Back to Gallery
As cardholders experience financial difficulties due to COVID-19, some credit card issuers are promoting their hardship programs.
Once a well-kept secret, these programs are now more prominently advertised, offering things like deferred payments and lower interest rates. But not all cardholders will qualify or receive favorable terms.
If you’ve been denied COVID-19 relief, if it’s insufficient, or if your relief terms are expiring, consider turning to a nonprofit credit counseling agency. Credit counselors may be able to help you with get-out-of-debt options — among them, possibly, a debt management plan, which rolls several balances into a single payment at a lower interest rate.
“It essentially works as a consolidation loan without creating a new loan,” says Thomas Nitzsche, a spokesperson for Money Management International, a nonprofit credit counseling agency.
Here’s what to know about this kind of assistance.
HARDSHIP PROGRAMS VS. DEBT MANAGEMENT PLANS
Credit card hardship programs are ideal for balances that can be paid down over a few months. Terms vary by issuer, and relief is generally granted on a case-by-case basis. To determine your eligibility, you must contact your card issuer.
Debt management plans are better suited for long-term debt that can take up to five years to pay. They consolidate different balances like unsecured loans, certain kinds of medical debt and credit cards into one payment at a fixed rate, according to Nitzsche.
You wouldn’t go through your card issuer directly for such a plan, but a third-party credit counseling agency may suggest it for you, if you qualify, and set it up with the issuer. Credit history isn’t a factor for eligibility, but you do typically need a regular income to show you can contribute payments that meet the plan’s terms. One missed payment may dissolve a debt management plan.
There are also usually fees involved with a debt management plan, which can vary based on factors like where you live. But fees may be negotiable, and your savings will typically outweigh the cost.
‘I DON’T HAVE TO TALK TO THE CREDITORS ANYMORE’
Unlike a hardship program, a debt management plan may also save you time. For Helen Kerins, a New Jersey-based YouTuber at the channel Krazy Kerins, the best part was letting the credit counseling agency negotiate with issuers. “I don’t have to talk to the creditors anymore,” she says.
Kerins, 42, had already used a debt management plan in her 20s to pay off creditors, but she acknowledges that afterward her habits didn’t fully change. By 2016, though, her priorities were different as a wife and new mom, and she was determined to tackle almost $44,000 in debt.
She contacted a credit counselor and submitted credit card statements, account numbers, contact information and other details. Together they discussed her options over the phone and determined that a debt management plan was fitting. (Credit counselors may offer other options or resources for budgets in the red.)
After the agency reached out to Kerins’ credit card issuers, she got a significant break on interest, and her monthly outlay toward that debt fell sharply, too.
Before, “I was paying close to like $700 or $800 a month in just my credit cards,” Kerins says. The debt management plan got that figure down to about $475 a month total, and that included the $25 monthly service fee charged by the counseling service.
IT’S POSSIBLE TO COMBINE RELIEF OPTIONS
If, say, only some of your creditors are offering you hardship relief directly, you could potentially enroll the other accounts in a debt management plan.
“The (debt management plan) is pretty flexible,” Nitzsche says. “You can add or remove creditors at any time for any reason.”
Relatedly, even if you may have been previously enrolled in, or denied for, a hardship plan, that doesn’t typically deter issuers from offering affordable terms through a debt management plan. Spokespersons at American Express and Wells Fargo, for instance, confirmed that those issuers are willing to work with such cardholders.
With either kind of plan, you may have to stop using your credit cards. Your issuer may even close them. But even then, you may have other options.
In Kerins’ case, monthly payments were automatically debited from her bank account, and she whittled almost $44,000 in debt down to $10,000. Her husband then used his own good credit to qualify for credit card balance transfer offers, and she moved her balance onto those cards to save more money and accelerate the debt repayment.
She finished paying off that debt entirely in December 2019.
_______________________________
This article was provided to The Associated Press by the personal finance website NerdWallet. Melissa Lambarena is a writer at NerdWallet. Email: mlambarena@nerdwallet.com. Twitter: @lissalambarena.
RELATED LINKS:
NerdWallet: How to get out of credit card debt in 4 steps http://bit.ly/nerdwallet-debt-steps
CFPB: Dealing with debt during the coronavirus pandemic: Tips to help ease the impact https://www.consumerfinance.gov/about-us/blog/coronavirus-and-dealing-debt-tips-help-ease-impact/
Money Management International: Debt management plan https://www.moneymanagement.org/debt-management
Most Popular
1
As debris is removed from Sanford dam, owners encouraged to claim property
2
Five months later: A visit back to Poseyville at Ashby
3
Midland records 12 new coronavirus cases Thursday
4
Kelly: Either ditch the masks or enforce the rules
5
Midland records 11 coronavirus new cases Wednesday
6
Midland County crime log - Oct. 8, 2020
7
Q&As: Six run to be next Jerome Township trustees
8
Bay City Road corridor transitions to commercial
9
Saw the Nixle alert? Here's what we found at the scene
10
CBA's Stauffer has become star player the hard way
Business Directory
Discover, review local businesses
View Comments
© 2020 Hearst Communications, Inc.
Logo
Return to Top
About
Privacy Notice
Your California Privacy Rights
Interest Based Ads
Terms of Use
Our Company
Careers
Advertising
Contact
Contact Us
FAQ
Today's eEdition
Connect
Facebook
Twitter
Hearst Newspapers
© Copyright
Hearst Newspapers, LLC