http://www.tylerpaper.com/site/terms.html
Welcome, Guest
Sign Up
Log In
Dashboard
Logout
My Account
My Account
Dashboard
Profile
Saved items
Logout
Classifieds
Print Subscription Services
Subscribe to Home Delivery
e-Edition
Manage Your Print Subscription
Advertise
Home
Contests
COVID-19
Best in Town
News
Local
Business
Texas
National
World
Other
Español
Sports
From the Sidelines
High School Sports
College Sports
Pro Sports
Other Sports
Best Preps
Defensive Player Of the Week
Offensive Player of the Week
Lifestyle
Arts & Entertainment
Faith
Family
Health
TV Listings
Community Guide
Summer Camps and Schools
Calendar
Opinion
Ads
Video
Photos
Announcements
Anniversaries
Engagements
Weddings
Obituaries
Jobs
ETX View Magazine
TexasAllOutdoors.com
Marketplace
M. Roberts Digital
Toggle navigation
Menu
Search
COVID-19
Best in Town
News
Sports
Español
Events
Lifestyle
Opinion
Obituaries
Death Notices
Classifieds
Place an ad
Video
Local Directory
VISITOR AGREEMENTThis website is provided to you by Texas Community Media LLC, d/b/a Tyler Morning Telegraph ("we" or "us"). This visitor agreement is a binding legal contract between you and us. Please read this visitor agreement; by using this service, you accept its terms. The Internet is an evolving medium; we may change the terms of this agreement from time to time. By continuing to use the service after we post any such changes, you accept this agreement, as modified.We reserve the right to deny access to this web site, or any service provided via this website, to anyone who violates this visitor agreement or who, in our judgment, interferes with the ability of others to enjoy this website, or infringes the rights of others.We invite you to send in your questions or comments about this website, or to bring to our attention any material you believe to be inaccurate. Please send such comments, including a copy of any material you wish to discuss to:John Anderson, Editor100 E. Ferguson, Suite 501Tyler, TX 75702E-mail: janderson@tylerpaper.com .REFUND POLICYAll refunds will be provided as a credit to the credit card used at the time of purchase within five (5) business days upon receipt of the returned merchandise.SECURITYYour payment and personal information is always safe and secure. Our Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software is the industry standard and is among the best software available today for secure e-commerce transactions. It encrypts all of your personal information, including credit card number, name, and address, so that it cannot be read over the internet.ONLINE SUBSCRIPTIONSOnline subscriptions will begin in 24 hours once payment is received.PRIVACYWe respect the privacy of the users of our website. Please take a moment to review our privacy policy.PROHIBITED USESThis Site is not intended for use by persons located within the European Economic Area (EEA). We do not request or accept personal information concerning or supplied by persons who are located within the EEA at the time they access this Site. If you have accessed this Site from within the EEA, you should immediately discontinue your use. If you have supplied personal information to us in violation of this provision, whether through the registration of new user accounts or otherwise, please contact us at newsroom@tylerpaper.com .INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTSRights and permissionsAll staff articles, graphics and photos that appear in the Tyler Morning Telegraph, on Tylerpaper.com and in our Web archive are copyrighted by the Tyler Morning Telegraph. They may not be reproduced, republished, retransmitted or redistributed without prior written permission.However:You may reproduce up to five copies of a Tyler Morning Telegraph staff article for personal use only. This does not include display or promotional use.You may email a Tyler Morning Telegraph staff article to up to five individuals for personal use only. This does not include promotional use.Elementary, middle and high school teachers may reproduce a Tyler Morning Telegraph staff article for classroom use only.You may link to an article on Tylerpaper.com. This does not include framing Tylerpaper.com within your site.For all other uses, see below for requesting permission.The Copyright Clearance Center is authorized by The Tyler Morning Telegraph to handle requests to:Republish or use staff-written articles in journals, magazines, newspapers, newsletters, dissertations, textbooks, tradebooks, CD-ROMs, and DVDsMake multiple photocopies for internal use within an organization or companyPost articles on a company or organization intranetDistribute articles via emailMake copies of articles for coursepacks to be sold to students or for use in electronic coursepacks.Your License to Us. By submitting material to us, you are representing that you are the owner of the material, or are making your submission with the express consent of the owner. By submitting material to any public posting areas of this website, such as any message boards, CLASSIFIEDS, forums, or community publishing areas, you agree that we (including our partners, agents, affiliates and service providers (collectively, “Third Party Providers”), may reproduce, modify, and distribute such material as we see fit in any medium and for any purpose. You also agree that we, including our Third Party Providers, may identify you as the author of any of your postings by name, email address or screen name as we see appropriate. We also reserve the right (but assume no obligation) to delete, move, or edit any postings that come to our attention that we consider unacceptable or inappropriate, whether for legal or other reasons.Links. We welcome links to our service. You are free to establish a hypertext link to this site so long as the link does not state or imply any sponsorship of your site by us.No Framing. Without our prior written permission, you may not frame, or in-line link, any of the content of this website, or incorporate into another website or other service any of our intellectual property. Requests for permission to frame our content or in-line link to our website may be sent to janderson@tylerpaper.com .Trademarks. We don't want anyone to be confused as to which materials and services are provided by us and which aren't. You may not use any trademark or service mark appearing on this website without the prior written consent of the owner of the mark. Tyler Morning Telegraph and Tylerpaper.com are trademarks of Texas Community Media LLC.Notice of Copyright Infringement. If you are an owner of intellectual property who believes your intellectual property has been improperly posted or distributed via our website, please notify us by sending a notice to John Anderson, Editor, 100 E. Ferguson, Suite 501, TX 75702 E-mail: janderson@tylerpaper.com .A written notice must contain at least the same information as requested in our online form. You should only use the Intellectual Property Notification form or send a written notice if you believe that your work has been used or copied in a manner that infringes your intellectual property rights and such infringement has occurred on this website. We will not respond to any other inquiries directed to us through this form. Such inquiries should be made via the feedback procedure described on our website.COMMENTINGWe welcome comments on any post on our website through your Facebook login. That is the only system we support to make comments at Tylerpaper.com. We encourage any of our readers to add their comments and converse with other commenters, but keep in mind that your comment could be used in our print edition. Also, keep them clean. We will moderate or remove comments that include vulgarity, personal attacks, hate speech, racism, are off topic or promote violence. Repeat offenders will be banned.AP Materials. Some of the material on our website is provided by the Associated Press. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion of these materials may be stored in a computer except for personal and non-commercial use. The AP shall be deemed a third party beneficiary of this visitor agreement with respect to the foregoing two sentences only, and may bring an action against you to enforce its rights. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions in these materials or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part of these materials or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing.CLASSIFIEDS SERVICEWe reserve the right to reject any ad copy. All orders are subject in all respects to our current rules and regulations and current demands upon advertising space. Our liability for an error will not exceed the cost of the space occupied by the error, and in no event shall our liability for your use of our classified advertising services exceed the amount you paid for the use of the services. We reserve the right to edit, reclassify, revise, or cancel any advertisement at any time. Rates and specifications are subject to change. We do not knowingly accept advertising that discriminates or intends to discriminate based on race, color, religion, sex, national origin, handicap or familial status. Publisher accepts no liability for error or omission. NO REFUNDS AFTER PUBLICATION DEADLINE.PERSONAL ADVERTISEMENTSWe are a community, family-oriented publication. Advertisements must be appropriate for all ages. Personal advertising participants must be 18 years or older. The personal advertising section is restricted to individuals seeking personal, monogamous relationships. All ads must be in good taste and must not solicit for sex or sexual activities. We reserve the right to edit or reject ads that do not meet these standards. Use of the personal advertising section for any illegal purpose will be subject to prosecution.We are not liable for the content of the personal advertisements or the responses to such advertisements. We encourage users to take appropriate safeguards when responding to personal ads and arranging meetings. Screen all respondents carefully. Meetings with new companions should occur in public places and participants should not divulge their addresses. Be smart, not sorry.EMPLOYMENT ADVERTISEMENTSWe do not knowingly accept advertisements regarding employment that are not ads for bona fide job opportunities. We also do not knowingly accept advertisements that discriminate or intend to discriminate on any illegal basis, or that are otherwise illegal. If you think that an advertisement posted on this service discriminates on any illegal basis, or is otherwise illegal, please contact us at janderson@tylerpaper.com .Positions vary. We encourage you to investigate fully and understand all aspects of any job you are considering. Some positions may require an investment or purchase on consignment on your part, or may involve your recruiting others. Positions are often paid by draw, commission or bonus instead of salary. We encourage you to investigate fully and understand all aspects of any job you are considering.From time to time, we may provide advertisements or online services relating to career counseling firms. A career counseling firm does not guarantee actual placement in a job as the result of its services. Understand any agreement that you enter into with a career counseling firm before you pay for the firm’s services.Equal Housing Opportunity. Any real estate advertising on this website is subject to the Fair Housing Act, which makes it illegal to advertise "any preference limitation or discrimination based on race, color, religion, sex, handicap, familial status or national origin, or an intention to make any such preference, limitation or discrimination." Familial status includes children under the age of 18 living with parents or legal custodians; pregnant women and people securing custody of children under 18. To complain of discrimination call the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development at 800-699-9777.General AdviceIt is illegal for companies doing business by phone to promise you a loan and ask you to pay for it before they deliver. Before you do business with a company, check it out with the Better Business Bureau. For free information about avoiding advance fee loan scams, write the Federal Trade Commission, Washington, D.C. 20580, or call the National Fraud Information Center, 1-800-876-7060. Don't pay for a promise, especially one relating to business opportunities or franchises, unless you understand the terms and conditions under which the business opportunity or franchise is being offered to you.Federal law allows you to correct your credit report for free. Credit repair clinics that do business by telephone cannot request or receive payment until six months after they perform their services. For more information about credit card scams, write the Federal Trade Commission, Washington, D.C. 20580.DISCLAIMERSWe work hard to make this website an interesting and enjoyable place. We cannot guarantee, however, that our users will always find everything to their liking; nor could we provide a free service if we were exposed to substantial liability. Please read these Disclaimers carefully before using this website.Use at Your Own Risk. We provide the material available through this website for informational purposes only. You may only use the material and the services available through this website for your personal and non-commercial use. We try to ensure information we post to this site is both timely and accurate, and that the services offered are reliable. Yet despite our efforts, errors may occur from time to time. In addition, some reports, such as stock quotes and related financial news, may be delayed at least 20 minutes due to requirements of the stock exchanges and/or financial information services. Before you act on any information you've found on our site, you should confirm any facts that are important to your decision. IF YOU RELY ON ANY INFORMATION OR SERVICE AVAILABLE THROUGH THIS WEBSITE, YOU DO SO AT YOUR OWN RISK. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE OR LOSS YOU MAY INCUR THAT RESULTS FROM YOUR USE OF ANY SERVICE OR ANY MATERIAL AND/OR DATA DOWNLOADED FROM OR OTHERWISE PROVIDED THROUGH THIS WEBSITE.Materials Submitted by Other Users. We cannot and do not review every posting made in our chat rooms, forums, and other areas available for public postings. You may well read any given posting before anyone on our staff does. Take what you find with a grain of salt. You can expect these areas to include information and opinions from a variety of individuals and organizations other than us. We do not endorse or guarantee the accuracy of any posting, regardless of whether the posting comes from a user, from a celebrity or "expert" guest, or from a member of our staff. There is no substitute for healthy skepticism and your own good judgment.No Endorsements. We are not responsible for, and cannot guarantee the performance of, goods and services provided by our advertisers or others to whose sites we link. A link to another website does not constitute our endorsement of that site (nor of any product, service or other material offered on that site).No Warranties. THIS WEBSITE AND ALL MATERIALS, INFORMATION AND SERVICES AVAILABLE THROUGH IT, ARE PROVIDED TO YOU "AS IS," "WITH ALL FAULTS," AND "AS AVAILABLE." WE, OUR AFFILIATES, AGENTS AND LICENSORS CANNOT AND DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, CURRENTNESS, NONINFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OF THE MATERIALS, INFORMATION AND SERVICES AVAILABLE THROUGH THE WEBSITE, NOR DO WE GUARANTEE THAT THE MATERIALS, INFORMATION OR SERVICES WILL BE ERROR-FREE, OR CONTINUOUSLY AVAILABLE, OR FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.Limitations on Our Liability. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL WE, OR OUR AFFILIATES, AGENTS OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANYONE ELSE FOR ANY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF USE OF THIS WEBSITE OR ANY SERVICE AVAILABLE THROUGH THIS WEBSITE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, OR SIMILAR DAMAGES, EVEN IF WE ARE ADVISED BEFOREHAND OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. (BECAUSE SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN CATEGORIES OF DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IN SUCH STATES, OUR LIABILITY AND THE LIABILITY OF OUR AFFILIATES, AGENTS AND LICENSORS IS LIMITED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY SUCH STATE LAW.) YOU AGREE THAT OUR LIABILITY AND THE LIABILITY OF OUR AFFILIATES, AGENTS AND LICENSORS, IF ANY, ARISING OUT OF ANY KIND OF LEGAL CLAIM IN ANY WAY CONNECTED TO THE SERVICE SHALL NOT EXCEED THE AMOUNT YOU PAID FOR THE USE OF THE SERVICE.USE OF COMMUNICATIONS SERVICESWe may provide a variety of services on this website through which you can directly interact with others, such as email services, chat rooms, communications tools, forums,CLASSIFIEDS and other user-submitted advertising, and other public posting areas (“Communications Services”). We want to encourage an open exchange of information and ideas, but at the same time we want everyone to be able to enjoy these Communications Services.We will not, in the ordinary course of business, review private electronic messages that are not addressed to us. However, we maintain the right to do so and to use any other forms of information available to us by virtue of your use of our website (including, for example, reverse IP address inquiry) in order to comply with the law, to enforce our Visitor Agreement, or to protect the rights, property or safety of visitors to our website, our customers, the public or Texas Community Media LLC and its employees, agents, partners and affiliates.We reserve the right to deny access to any Communications Service to anyone who violates this visitor agreement or who, in our judgment, interferes with the ability of others to enjoy our website or infringes the rights of others. We also reserve the right (but assume no obligation) to delete, move, or edit any postings that come to our attention that we consider unacceptable or inappropriate, whether for legal or other reasons. We will comply with the requirements of the law regarding disclosure of any messages to others, including law enforcement agencies.Specific Prohibited Uses. Without limiting the foregoing, we may immediately terminate your use of any Communications Service if you engage in any of the following prohibited activities:• Uploading, posting, emailing, transmitting or otherwise making available any content that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, libelous, or obscene;• Impersonating any person or entity, or falsely stating or otherwise misrepresenting your affiliation with a person or entity;• Forging headers or otherwise manipulating identifiers in a manner that disguises the origin of any content you transmit through any Communications Service;• Uploading, posting, emailing, transmitting or otherwise making available any content that you do not have a right to make available under any law or under any contractual or fiduciary relationship (such as inside information, proprietary and confidential information learned or disclosed as part of employment relationships or under nondisclosure agreements);• Uploading, posting, emailing, transmitting or otherwise making available any content that infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary right of any party;• Uploading, posting, emailing, transmitting or otherwise making available any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, or any other form of solicitation, without our express written approval;• Gathering for the purpose of "spamming" any email addresses that users post in our chat rooms, forums and other public posting areas;• Uploading, posting, emailing, transmitting or otherwise making available any content or material that contains software viruses, worms or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications or other equipment, or to cause a security breach of such software, hardware or telecommunications or other equipment;• Uploading or posting any off-topic or irrelevant material to any chat room or forum;• Interfering with or disrupting any servers or networks used to provide the Communications Services, or disobeying any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of the networks we use to provide the Communications Services;• Violating any applicable local, state, national or international law, including, but not limited to (i) all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country in which you reside, (ii) regulations promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, and (iii) any rules of any national or other securities exchange, including, without limitation, the New York Stock Exchange, the American Stock Exchange or the NASDAQ;• "Stalking" or otherwise harassing another;• Instigating or encouraging others to commit illegal activities or cause injury or property damage to any person;• Collecting or storing personal data about other users;• Gaining unauthorized access to our website, or any account, computer system, or network connected to this website, by means such as hacking, password mining or other illicit means; or• Obtaining or attempting to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available through this website.Spam. We will immediately terminate any account which we believe is being used to transmit, or is otherwise connected with, any spam or other unsolicited bulk email. In addition, because damages are often difficult to quantify, if actual damages cannot be reasonably calculated, then you agree to pay us liquidated damages of $2 for each item of spam or unsolicited bulk email transmitted from, or otherwise connected with, your account. Otherwise you agree to pay our actual damages, to the extent such actual damages can be reasonably calculated.Viruses. Because of the volume of email messages sent by us and users of this website, we cannot and do not always monitor such email messages and attachments. You acknowledge and agree that such email messages may contain viruses, worms or other harmful components. You also acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for screening the email messages and attachments for viruses, worms and other harmful components.Indemnity. You agree to indemnify and hold us and our affiliates, agents and licensors, harmless from any claim that may arise from your use of any free email service available through this website.MISCELLANEOUSRegistration. To obtain access to certain services on our site, you may be given an opportunity to register with us. You agree that you will register only if you are 13 years or older. You agree that the information you supply during that registration process will be accurate and complete and that you will not register under the name of, nor attempt to enter the service under the name of another person. We reserve the right to reject or terminate any username that, in our judgment, we deem offensive. You will be responsible for preserving the confidentiality of your password and will notify us at janderson@tylerpaper.com of any known or suspected unauthorized use of your account.Jurisdiction. This visitor agreement has been made in and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas. By using this service, you consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts in Tyler, Texas in all disputes arising out of or relating to this agreement or this website.newsroom@tylerpaper.com
VIDEO
Bible Verse: 12.10.20
Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
SMS
Email
“In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God. He was with God in the beginning. Through him all things were made; without him nothing was made that has been made.” (John 1:1-3)
Newspaper Ads
Front Page Combo
TMT MARKET COVERAGE
Top of Mind Awareness
Top of Mind Awareness
Top of Mind Awareness
TOMA - The Chimney Guy
TCEQ - Example B 12022020
Front Page Combo
Troup ISD Statement of revenue
Holiday Gift Guide
Bulletin
See All Lists
Get news sent to you!
Sign up to get our newsletters emailed to you.
Success! An email has been sent to
with a link to confirm list signup.
Error! There was an error processing your request.
Headline News Updates
This email is scheduled for delivery on Monday-Friday at around 6am. It will include the most significant recent articles from all sections of TylerPaper.com.
Sports News
This email is scheduled for delivery Wednesdays, Fridays and Saturdays at around 9:00 am. It will include the most significant recent articles from the sports section of TylerPaper.com.
Deals & Promotions
This email will only be sent as needed. It will include one or more promotions (special deals/offers/sales, events, contests, etc.).
Breaking News
This email will only be sent as needed. It will include a significant breaking news article from TylerPaper.com.
You must select at least one email list.
Please enter a valid email address.
Sign up
Manage your lists
Trending Topics
© Copyright 2020 TylerPaper.com, 100 E. Ferguson, Suite 501 Tyler, TX | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.