http://www.djc.com/contact/privacy-policy.php
PRIVACY POLICY
The Daily Journal of Commerce (DJC) strives to protect the privacy interests of our customers and visitors to our sites and we provide this policy on privacy to help site users know how we collect and use your name, email address, mailing address, telephone number, and/or payment information and other information, which together we refer to as personal data.
This Privacy Policy applies to all Personal Data that we receive from (1) customers who provide us with Personal Data in connection with subscriptions to the print editions of our publications; and (2) individuals when they visit, register or subscribe to the online editions of our publications as well as our related services or sites that link to this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy applies to the following web sites, all of which we own and operate: DJC.com and Plancenter.com.
Our Web Sites provide links to web sites owned and operated by others. We provide these links for your convenience. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content on those sites. Once you have left our Web Site via such a link or by clicking on an advertisement, you should check the applicable privacy policy of the third party or advertiser site to determine how they will handle any Personal Data they collect from you.
Information We Collect
We may collect Personal Data about you when you subscribe to our publications , register to use our Web Sites, subscribe to certain subscriber-only portions of our Web Sites, use other products or services, visit our Web Sites, contact us about your subscription or participate in activities such as our blogs, forums, events, message boards, surveys and sweepstakes. We also collect other information about you, such as your IP address and web site usage information, when you visit our Web Sites. The Personal Data and other information are collectively referred to as "Personal Information."
By using any of our Web Sites, you are agreeing to the terms and conditions in our User Agreement
How We Use Your Personal Information
We may use your Personal Information we collect on our Web Sites as follows:
1. To fulfill your subscription and other service and product requests and for the other purposes for which you have provided the Personal Information;
2. To send you information about your subscription or other transactions between you and us;
3. To notify you about our products, services and other offers we have that may interest you, unless you opt-out of receiving such notices by contacting Customer Service or by updating your account through the Web Site;
4. To compile aggregate information about our customers, users of our Web Sites and usage patterns;
5. To measure the interest and popularity of stories and other features and services on our Web Sites; and
6. To enhance or develop features, products and services that we offer.
We do not share your contact or personal information with partners or advertisers.
Cookies
As is standard industry practice, we use “cookies” and other technologies to recognize you and help us understand areas of our Web Sites that interest our customers and how long they visit those areas. We also use “cookies” to facilitate the login process for our email alerts and archives, deliver advertisements to you, determine traffic and to help us improve our Web Sites.
You can set the browser on your computer to warn you each time a cookie is being sent, block third party cookies, or block all cookies. However, you may not be able to access certain features of our Web sites if you have blocked all cookies on your computer.
Some of the advertising on our Web Sites are provided by third party advertisers. These third party advertisers may use “cookies” and other technologies including web beacons to recognize you and collect information about you or your web usage. We do not have access to, nor control, our advertisers’ cookies or how they are used. You may learn about opting out of third party cookies using the following link: www.networkadvertising.org.
Associated Press Content
Associated Press content accessed on our Web Sites may contain web beacons or web bugs designed track Associated Press content across the web.
You may review and update your Personal Data by contacting Customer Service at 206-622-8272.
Please note that if you have subscribed or registered for more than one of our print publications or Web Sites, you may need to update your information separately.
We may amend this Privacy Policy, from time to time by posting an updated Privacy Policy on the Web Site where you access your account. Your continued use of our web site following the posting of an updated Privacy Policy manes you accept the changes.