http://www.stamfordadvocate.com/sports/article/Red-Stars-Gordon-launches-nonprofit-to-help-15597439.php
Red Stars' Gorden launches nonprofit to help Black girls - StamfordAdvocate
Subscribe
Sign In
Home
Contact the Advocate
Manage Subscription
Subscribe
Careers with Us
Newsletters
Advertise with Us
Terms of Use
Archives
Digital edition
FAQ
Privacy Notice
Terms of Use
Submissions
Cardiac surgeon to play with Stamford Symphony for annual gala
Attorney: ‘There won’t be much’ money left for Dulos
Police: Man stabbed during road rage incident in Stamford
Police ID man wanted in Stamford homicide
News
Local
Police Reports
Regional
National
Education
World
Politics
Opinion
Science and Technology
Were you SEEN?
Election
Police: Stamford dentist slashed neck of woman in love triangle
Jack Cavanaugh: Should Trump Parc Stamford be renamed?
Guardian ad litem to represent Jennifer Dulos in estate hearing
Attorney: Declaring Jennifer Dulos dead could set CT precedent
Sports
High School
High School Scoreboard
Pro Baseball
Pro Football
Pro Basketball
Pro Hockey
Other Sports
Little League
Darien volleyball tops New Canaan
Technical high schools adjusting to life in new conferences
Westhill, Stamford excited to start high school sports season
How can fans watch high school sports this fall?
Business
Best Of Stamford
Press releases
Markets
Top Workplaces
CT DOT outlines plans for nearly $4 billion in capital projects
New coffee shop opens at Stamford's Harbor point
CT Transit buses to resume fare enforcement, front-door boarding
Job fair set for Saturday morning in Stamford’s South End
Real Estate
Entertainment
Movies
Music
Arts
Television
Comics
Puzzles and Games
Events
Sponsored: CT Culture
Westport Country Playhouse celebrates 90 seasons with
CT’s live Halloween attractions go from kid-friendly to super
Lifestyle expert Martha Stewart’s ‘Martha Knows Best’
Goodspeed in East Haddam presents Judy Garland songs, stories
Voter's Guide
Obituaries
Classifieds
Jobs
Cars
Open for Business
Today's Paper
Insider
MenuSections
https://www.stamfordadvocate.com/sports/article/Red-Stars-Gordon-launches-nonprofit-to-help-15597439.php
Red Stars' Gorden launches nonprofit to help Black girls
Anne M. Peterson, Ap Sports Writer
Updated
6:32 pm EDT, Friday, September 25, 2020
Recommended Video:
Sarah Gorden tells the story often, about how she was a kid playing on a club soccer team when an opponent called her a racial slur.
“I was raised around white people in a white community," said Gorden, who is multiracial. “And I had never really looked at myself in that light until moments like that — then really you take a step back and be like, 'Wait a second, I’m a what?’”
The defender for the Chicago Red Stars is harnessing that shock and pain by using her voice. But she also wants to go beyond the social media statements and T-shirts to do something to really lift up Black lives.
Gorden, 28, has put her focus on mental health for young women of color in launching her nonprofit organization, HoodSpace. A play on the name of the popular Headspace app, HoodSpace seeks to empower women in Chicago through meditation, yoga and sport. Gorden is currently raising funds for HoodSpace via GoFundMe, with a goal of creating camps and clinics.
“Just being in the city and seeing the violence and everything that systemic racism has created, it made me think that maybe we can really help each individual process it and potentially heal,” she said. “Obviously, we all have different parts in this fight -- fighting systemic racism. And I didn’t feel as though my fight was within the system, but more so in the individual.”
With the Red Stars since 2016, Gorden is a mom, something of a rarity in the National Women’s Soccer League. Other NWSL mothers include Utah's Amy Rodriguez and North Carolina's Jessica McDonald. Gorden said that having a son makes it all the more important for her to act in the moment.
“I’ve said it before, this is absolutely a life or death matter. We’re fighting for the future of our kids. And so, yes, 100%, it’s part of the reason I’m so passionate about all of this, because it will affect the future of our children," she said.
It wasn't always easy for Gorden, navigating her post-college professional career in soccer. She found solace in her own practice of yoga and mediation. It has also helped her navigate the uncertainties of COVID-19.
Chicago Red Stars' Sarah Gorden, front, plays the ball as Houston Dash's Bri Visalli defends during the second half of an NWSL Challenge Cup soccer finals match on July 26, 2020, in Sandy, Utah. Gordon aims to go beyond the social media statements, the T-shirts and the platitudes, and do something to lift up Black lives. The 28-year-old has put her focus on mental health for young women of color in launching her nonprofit organization, HoodSpace. less
Chicago Red Stars' Sarah Gorden, front, plays the ball as Houston Dash's Bri Visalli defends during the second half of an NWSL Challenge Cup soccer finals match on July 26, 2020, in Sandy, Utah. Gordon aims to ... more
Photo: Rick Bowmer, AP
Photo: Rick Bowmer, AP
Image
1
of
/
3
Caption
Close
Image
1
of
3
Chicago Red Stars' Sarah Gorden, front, plays the ball as Houston Dash's Bri Visalli defends during the second half of an NWSL Challenge Cup soccer finals match on July 26, 2020, in Sandy, Utah. Gordon aims to go beyond the social media statements, the T-shirts and the platitudes, and do something to lift up Black lives. The 28-year-old has put her focus on mental health for young women of color in launching her nonprofit organization, HoodSpace. less
Chicago Red Stars' Sarah Gorden, front, plays the ball as Houston Dash's Bri Visalli defends during the second half of an NWSL Challenge Cup soccer finals match on July 26, 2020, in Sandy, Utah. Gordon aims to ... more
Photo: Rick Bowmer, AP
Red Stars' Gorden launches nonprofit to help Black girls
1
/
3
Back to Gallery
The coronavirus forced the NWSL to shut down on March 12 when most teams had just opened training camp for the season.
The NWSL became the first professional team sports league to return in the United States when it staged the Challenge Cup tournament in a bubble in Utah. The Red Stars made it to the final, but lost 2-0 to the Houston Dash for the title.
Currently teams are back in local markets, where they are playing a series of regional games this fall. Coming off a 4-1 win over Sky Blue on Sunday, the Red Stars face the Washington Spirit in a nationally broadcast match Saturday.
In a predominately white sport, Gorden is among the Black players in the NWSL who have formed a coalition to address racial injustice. Organized by Sky Blue's Midge Purce, one of the group’s first acts was to call out Utah Royal’s owner Dell Loy Hansen after reports surfaced that he made racist comments. Hansen later apologized and announced his intention to sell the team.
“Having a place to go to, where people understand what you’re going through, what you’re fighting for is important," Gorden said about the coalition. "So even just that aspect is important. We’re in the process of figuring out what exactly we want to accomplish. I definitely don’t want to speak too soon or give away anything, but with Dell Loy Hansen, making our first statement was important.”
Spurred by Gorden, the Red Stars made a point of highlighting mental health issues during the Challenge Cup. The team and its supporters raised nearly $16,000 for Get Yo Mind Right and Healthy Hood Chicago.
“For a lot of us, it’s never been performative. It’s always been about making change because either we are Black or we have Black family, we have Black friends, or we’re just passionate about equality. And so it was always just a matter of time when I was going to launch my nonprofit," Gorden said. “I knew I wanted to bring something to the community and have some sort of impact somewhere. It was just a matter of finding where specifically I thought I could help.”
___
More AP soccer: https://apnews.com/Soccer and https://twitter.com/AP_Sports
Stamford Advocate Insider Thumbnail Collection
See the Insider homepage
We mailed about 400 letters to test USPS. Here's what we found.
BY Ethan Fry
Maskless on Election Day? State to roll out ‘curbside’ plan
BY Ken Dixon
‘People are traumatized’: Wilton High grieving after...
BY Jeannette Ross
As Norwalk mall grows, Stamford mall’s struggles continue
BY Paul Schott
Rules dispute could threaten GOP Stamford school board...
Today's Top Insider Stories
Our journalists provide in-depth analysis and reporting about the people, places and issues that matter most to you. Subscribers get access to all of their comprehensive coverage.
Stories from Insider
Most Popular
1
Stamford man, New Canaan woman charged with string of stick-ups
2
Police ID man wanted in Stamford homicide
3
Police: Man stabbed during road rage incident in Stamford
4
Police: Stamford dentist slashed neck of woman in love triangle
5
Attorney: ‘There won’t be much’ money left for Dulos children
6
Report: Norwalk home of Charli, Dixie D'Amelio listed for sale
7
Suspect in 1978 NY slaying arrested in New Haven
8
Westhill High soccer team in quarantine after two COVID cases
9
Acid Reflux Product Earns Highest 5-Star Rating from TopConsumerReviews.com
10
State police ID couple in murder-suicide
View Comments
© 2020 Hearst Communications, Inc.
Logo
Return to Top
About
Newspaper Delivery Safety Procedures
Privacy Notice
Your California Privacy Rights
Interest Based Ads
Terms of Use
Careers
Advertising
Contact
Contact Us
FAQ
Today's eEdition
Submissions
Connect
Newsletter Sign-Up
Facebook
Twitter
Hearst Newspapers
© Copyright
Hearst Media Services Connecticut, LLC