https://www.ballstatedaily.com/page/privacy/
The Daily News
Byte
Ball Bearings
Newslink
Cardinal Weather
WCRD
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy was adapted from the Automattic privacy policy, and is licensed under a Creative Commons Sharealike license.
This privacy policy applies to the following web sites and services: bsudailynews.com.
Visitors
Like most website operators, Ball State Daily collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Ball State Daily's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Ball State Daily's visitors use its website.
Ball State Daily also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. Ball State Daily does not use such information to identify its visitors, however, and does not disclose such information, other than under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information, as described below.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Ball State Daily's websites choose to interact with Ball State Daily in ways that require Ball State Daily to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Ball State Daily gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who comment to an email address. In each case, Ball State Daily collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with Ball State Daily. Ball State Daily does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Ball State Daily may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. For instance, Ball State Daily may monitor the most popular articles or comments on the statenews.com.com site. Ball State Daily may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Ball State Daily does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Ball State Daily discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Ball State Daily's behalf or to provide services available at Ball State Daily's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Ball State Daily's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Ball State Daily will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Ball State Daily discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only when required to do so by law, or when Ball State Daily believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Ball State Daily, third parties or the public at large. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Ball State Daily takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Ball State Daily uses cookies to help Ball State Daily identify and track visitors, and their website access preferences. Ball State Daily visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Ball State Daily's websites, with the drawback that certain features of Ball State Daily's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Ball State Daily and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Ball State Daily may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Ball State Daily's sole discretion. Ball State Daily encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Legal Actions & Disputes
By accessing this website, user agrees that jurisdiction and venue for any and all legal actions or disputes against Ball State Daily and any of its employees shall be governed by the laws of the United States of America and the State of Indiana. Any legal action must be commenced in the Delaware County Circuit Court in Muncie, Indiana, or the U.S. District Court, Southern District of Indiana in Indianapolis, Indiana.
More from The Daily
Roost Housing Guide
The Marketplace
Events
The Partnership Project
Cardinal Field Guide
Puzzles & Games
Graduation Wishes
Classroom-Created Content
Advertise: McKinley Avenue Agency
Connect with The Daily
@bsudaily on Facebook
@ballstatedaily on Twitter
@ballstatedaily on Instagram
Sponsored Stories
Why You Should Checkout the Digital Graduation Edition of The Daily News
By Ball State Daily Advertising
|
11/25/2020
More from our partners
This Week's Digital Issue