http://www.parentstv.org/privacy-policy
A Warning to Moms From a Mom: Cuties Is Even Worse Than We Were Led to Believe!
Join the Cause
Donate
About Us
Mission and Vision
History of the PTC
Board of Directors
Impact Report 2019
Form 990
Audited Financials 2018
Contact Us
Family & Reviews
News
Media Center
PTC in the News
Research & Publications
Blog
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This is the web site of the Parents Television Council.
Our postal address isMembership Service CenterP.O. Box 1855Merrifield, VA 22116
We can be reached via the PTC Contact Us page or you can reach us by telephone at 213-403-1300.
It is the policy of the PTC that nonpublic personal information about you will be gathered only if you give it to the PTC voluntarily, or with the knowledge that it is being gathered; that the nonpublic personal information we gather about you will be the minimum needed to accomplish the PTC's mission; and that the nonpublic personal information maintained by the PTC will be disseminated only as set forth in this document.
PTC collects certain limited information about you through your participation in its Petition program. Any additional information which we request, and which you voluntarily supply, may be used by the PTC to monitor, conduct and improve its programs, among other uses. To ensure the accuracy of the information gathered, you have the right to request a copy, or to review, any identifying information that we have collected from you by contacting us at: privacy@parentstv.orgPTC will not share or sell a donor's personal information with third parties, nor send donor mailings on behalf of other organizations.
PTC may collect nonpublic personal information about you from the following sources:
Information we receive from you such as on petitions or other forms; and Information we receive from you via the Internet, such as when you access the PTC's web site.
Security Info
We restrict access to nonpublic personal information about you to those PTC employees who need to know the information. PTC may disclose any of the information that we collect about you to its subcontractors or to non-affiliated third parties as required or permitted by law. WE DO NOT DISCLOSE ANY NONPUBLIC INFORMATION ABOUT YOU WITH ANYONE FOR ANY PURPOSE THAT IS NOT PERMITTED BY LAW. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to guard your nonpublic personal information. If you do not want PTC to share your information with other organizations, please contact us at: privacy@parentstv.org
With respect to security: When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial or health information, we redirect visitors to a secure server that contains the Verisign Secured Seal. We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number, The DMA's Committee on Ethical Business Practices at mgoldberger@the-dma.org, state or local chapters of the Better Business Bureau, state or local consumer protection office, The Federal Trade Commission by phone at 202.FTC.HELP (202.382.4357) or electronically at http://www.ftc.gov/ftc/complaint.htm
Updates & Effective Date
From time to time, we may update this privacy notice. We will notify you about material changes in the way we treat personally identifiable information by placing a notice on our site. We encourage you to periodically check back and review this policy so that you always will know what information we collect, how we use it, and to whom we disclose it.
The Privacy policy posted on this site was updated on or about July 21, 2020.
Take Action. Stay Informed.
© 2020 Parents Television Council. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy