http://www.weatherzone.com.au/about/privacy.jsp
Close
News & Weather
smh.com.au
theage.com.au
brisbanetimes.com.au
canberratimes.com.au
nationaltimes.com.au
watoday.com.au
weatherzone.com.au
Business & Finance
businessday.com.au
brw.com.au
afr.com
afrmagazine.com.au
smartinvestor.com.au
investsmart.com.au
Lifestyle
life & style
dailylife.com.au
thevine.com.au
essentialbaby.com.au
essentialkids.com.au
findababysitter.com.au
goodfood.com.au
Classifieds
domain.com.au
drive.com.au
adzuna.com.au
rsvp.com.au
stayz.com.au
Member benefits
Advertise with us
Newsletters
Full list of sites
About Fairfax Media
Privacy
Terms & Conditions
Weatherzone
Weather
Australia
National
New South Wales
Victoria
Queensland
Western Australia
South Australia
Tasmania
ACT
Northern Territory
Sydney
Melbourne
Brisbane
Perth
Adelaide
Hobart
Canberra
Darwin
Warnings
Weather News
Video Gallery
Long Range Forecasts
28 Day Rainfall Forecast
12 Month Rainfall Forecast
Lifestyle
UV Index
Pollen Index
World
World
New Zealand
Africa
Asia
Central America
Europe
Middle East
North America
Oceania
South America
South East Asia
Radar & Maps
Maps
Radar
Satellite
Synoptic
Tropical Cyclone
Stormtracker
Thunderstorm Outlook
Models
Australian Charts
Capital Cities Charts
Polar Charts
14-day Rainfall Charts
Meteograms
Forecast Soundings
International Charts
New Zealand Charts
Marine
Marine
National
New South Wales
Victoria
Queensland
Western Australia
South Australia
Tasmania
ACT
Northern Territory
Charts
Wave & Swell Charts
Surface Wind Charts
Sea Temperature
Sea Temperature Anomalies
Agriculture
Surf & Snow
Surfing
East Coast
SE Australia
Western Australia
Snow & Ski
Alpine Region
Perisher
Thredbo
Falls Creek
Mt Hotham
Mt Buller
Climate
Climatology
Climate averages,extremes and records
Climate Indicators
Southern Oscillation Index
NINO3.4 Index
Sea Temperature
Sea Temperature Anomalies
Services
On your Mobile
iPhone App
Android App
Mobile
Social
Facebook & Twitter
Social Wall
Weather Feeds
Weatherzone offers a range of free weather products that you can easily incorporate into your website.
Weather feeds
Subscribe for more
Choose between Pro and Essential account and get access to more!
No Ads
Display your local weather info
Bookmark your favourite pages
Customise units
And More!
FREE
$6/mnth
Compare Benefits
Subscribe for more
Weatherzone Business offers solutions that are innovative, tailored, flexible and responsive.
Custom data feeds
14 day forecast
Long range forecast
Energy weather
TV broadcast services
Construction services
Media
Mining
All industries
Weatherzone Business
Apps
Home › Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Weatherzone is owned and maintained by The Weather Company Pty. Ltd ACN 078 711 930 (“The Weather Company”, “we”, us” etc).
The primary purpose of The Weather Company’s websites, apps and products is to provide weather enthusiasts with an access point for timely, accurate and in depth weather information. Membership of the site or app is required to access the components of the site or app that are not considered part of the public domain.
By using the Weatherzone website or app, you are agreeing to The Weather Company's terms of use. You are also agreeing to the way in which The Weather Company may collect, use or disclose any personal information you may provide to us in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
What personal information may you collect?
Personal information is information or an opinion about an identified individual, or an individual who is reasonably identifiable:
whether the information or opinion is true or not; and
whether the information or opinion is recorded in a material form or not.
When you:
set up a Weatherzone account;
access the site or app;
use location features; or
interact with our representatives (including through our customer support),
we may ask for or collect personal information such as your name, email address, address, phone number, location or other information. That information is personal information.
We may also collect anonymous data relating to your activity or usage on our websites or apps (including IP addresses) via cookies. Cookies are text files placed in your computer's browser to store your preferences. We generally use this information to report statistics, analyse trends, administer our services, serve more relevant advertisements, diagnose problems and target and seek to provide a more personalised experience. You acknowledge that anonymous data is not personal information and accordingly, the Australian Privacy Principles under the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) will not apply.
Why do we collect, hold, use and disclose personal information?
We collect, hold, use and disclose your personal information:
to develop interesting content for our internet products and name;
to keep you updated on new material and improvements on our site or app;
to create new products that will be beneficial for Weatherzone users or clients of The Weather Company;
to recommend products or services that may be of interest to our user group;
to communicate with you;
to compile and aggregate statistics;
to customise your experience;
to provide you with access to protected areas of our websites, apps or products;
to investigate complaints made by you;
as required or permitted by any law;
for our administrative, marketing, product, planning, product development, quality control or research purposes or those of our contractors or external providers;
to provide as part of business data to third parties if you have authorised to do so; or
to verify your identity.
We may disclose your personal information to:
our employees, affiliates, related bodies corporate, or external service providers;
our existing or potential agents and/or business partners;
our sponsors;
our third parties including agents or subcontractors including IT service providers and data hosting service providers; or
courts, police, tribunal or other regulatory or enforcement authorities as required by law in connection with any actual or prospective legal proceedings (including to exercise or defend our own rights),
or as otherwise required by applicable laws.
Some of the above persons may be located outside of Australia. By providing us with personal information, you consent to the disclosure of your personal information to third parties who are located outside Australia and acknowledge that we are not required to ensure that those third parties comply with Australian privacy laws.
Handling personal information
The Weather Company is committed to honouring the privacy of Weatherzone members and visitors and we are bound by the Australian Privacy Principles established under the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth).
We will take all reasonable steps to protect the personal information that we hold from misuse, loss or unauthorised access. If you suspect any misuse or loss of or authorised access to your personal information, please let us know immediately via the customer support ticket system.
Copyright
All the material on this site or app is copyright and cannot be copied or reproduced without our prior written permission.
Links to other websites
Our site or app may contain links to other websites from time to time. We do not have any control over those websites and we are not responsible for the protection and privacy of any personal information which you provide whilst visiting those websites. Those websites are not governed by this Privacy Policy.
Amendments to this Privacy Policy
We may, from time to time, review and update this Privacy Policy at our discretion. All personal information held by us will be governed by the most recent updated policy. This Privacy Policy was last updated in November 2019.
Should you have any questions relating to this site, or the privacy statement, please contact us. Thank you for using Weatherzone.
Go!
Help
Legend
Glossary
General Help
Sign Up
Login
Display Your Local Weather
Display your Local Weather here
automatically each time you visit us:
Rotates through Temperature,
Wind, Humidity and Rain
Use the Search Bar above
to find your Local, and go to the Local page
Click "Set My Local"
button next to the location name
Weather News
Tropical low brings flooding rain to WA
16:38 EDT
A tropical low crossed WA's Pilbara coast on Friday, delivering flooding and damaging winds.
Australia likely to run out of locally grown rice next month as drought, water allocations hit farmers
15:52 EDT
Fourth-generation rice farmer Barry Kirkup and his wife Gillian have found the past few years on the land harder than most.
Get a sneak peak into the new Weatherzone Beta website experience while we continue to build out its full functionality.
Explore new datasets, map layers, 7-day charts, 12-month trends and much more!
Sign up for extended content and features
Weatherzone makes it easy for you to choose the access level that suits you best from a huge range of weather information and tools unrivalled in Australia.
Sign up for more
Weather on your smartphone or tablet
For iPhone and Android
Put weatheron your site
Increase web traffic and loyalty with dynamic weather content
Free weather feeds
Weatherzone makes it easy for you to choose the access level that suits you best from a huge range of weather information and tools unrivalled in Australia.
Business Solutions
Weather Content
Forecasts
Lifestyle
Warnings
News
World Weather
Radar & Maps
Weather Models
Marine
Sea Charts
Surf
Snow & Ski
Climate
Local Weather
NSW weather
Sydney weather - Sydney radar
Newcastle weather - Newcastle radar
Victoria weather Melbourne weather - Melbourne radar
Queensland weather
Brisbane weather - Brisbane radar
Gold Coast weather - Gold Coast radar
ACT weather
Canberra weather - Canberra radar
SA weather Adelaide weather - Adelaide radar
WA weather Perth weather - Perth radar
NT weather Darwin weather - Darwin radar
Tasmania weather Hobart weather - Hobart radar
General
About
What we offer
Weatherzone Pro membership
Contact
Careers at Weatherzone
Advertising
Conditions of Use
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Need Help?
FAQ's
Glossary
Legend
Weatherzone Apps
Weatherzone
iPhone Weather App
iPad Weather App
Android Weather App
Social
Social Wall
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Other Services
Long Range Forecasts
Email weather alerts
RSS feeds
Free weather feeds
Swellnet
Marine Weather
Meteorology
Weatherzone For Business
Weatherzone
© Weatherzone 2020 Information supplied by Weatherzone based on data from the Bureau of Meteorology