https://www.deccanherald.com/terms
GET THE DH APPPersonalized, Latest & Breaking News Download
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USEWe, The Printers (Mysore) Private Limited (hereinafter referred to as “TPML”) are the publishers of Deccan Herald and Prajavani newspapers and related publications. We own and manage the internet websites https://www.deccanherald.com, www.prajavani.net, https://printersmysore.com.These are our terms and conditions for use of the network, which you may access in several ways, including but not limited to the World Wide Web via https://www.deccanherald.com, www.prajavani.net, https://printersmysore.com, mobile phone and RSS feeds. In these terms and conditions, when we say the “Website” we mean the digital information networks, the mobile website, mobile application, operated by or on behalf of the parent company, its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively “TPML”), regardless of how you access the network, as well as any TPML apps whether you access those via the Website or a third party site. However when you access the Website, you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions. If you have accessed the Website from the United States or any other country which are signatories to the WIPO and other international treaties/conventions on Intellectual Property, you also agree to be bound by terms and conditions contained herein.1. Use of material appearing on the Website All contents of this website, including the software, design, logos, trademarks, text, graphics, and any other tools or applications are owned by or licensed to us and are protected by copyright under the Intellectual Property laws of India and under the various other international conventions/treaties to which India is a signatory. Apart from fair dealing for the purpose of personal use, private study, research, criticism or review as permitted under copyright legislation, you may not reproduce, transmit, adapt, distribute, sell, modify or publish or otherwise use any of the material on this website without our prior written consent.Your use of the Website is for your own personal and non-commercial use only. You acknowledge that, as between TPML and you, except for user content and advertisements (as discussed below), TPML is the sole owner of all content on the Website, including, without limitation, all applicable copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade secrets, trade names, logos, and other intellectual property rights thereto, as well as text, images, graphics, logos, audio, video and other material appearing on the Website (hereinafter collectively referred to as “TPML Content”). The Website and the TPML Content are protected by the copyright laws and other intellectual property laws of India, United Kingdom, the United States of America and are protected globally by applicable international copyright treaties/conventions.You may download and print extracts from the TPML Content for your own personal and non-commercial use only, provided you maintain and abide by any author attribution, copyright or trademark notice or restriction in any material that you download or print. You may not use any TPML Content for any other purpose without our prior written approval and permission. Except as expressly authorised by TPML and in the terms of “Copyright Policy” hereunder, you are not allowed to create a database in electronic or paper form comprising all or part of the material appearing on the Website or do/abstain from doing any of the acts/omissions mentioned under the “Copyright Policy”.Copyright Policy This copyright policy sets out how users are permitted to use our content and also explains the types of use that require the purchase/grant of additional licences. This policy forms part of our terms and conditions. We reserve the right to change our copyright policy from time to time by publishing an updated policy on our Website, which shall become effective and replace any previous policy with effect from publication. This copyright policy was published on 17.12.2018.Applicability of Indian Copyright Act, 1957Copyright law gives the copyright owner the exclusive right to control the use of copyright protected works. Section 2 of the Indian Copyright Act 1957 protects all the material published on our Website and other digital/wireless platforms. The TPML Content and the Website is protected by Indian Copyright Act 1957 and should only be used as set out in the “Fair Use of TPML Content” section below. Use that is made without our permission may therefore infringe our copyright which can result in personal and corporate liability. Where we state below that something is not allowed or permitted, then to do so is a breach of our terms and conditions: that is, it is a breach of contract, and also violate copyright law.Fair Use of TPML ContentYou may do the following:View our content for your personal use on any device that is compatible with the Website (this might be your PC, laptop, smartphone, tablet or other mobile device) and store our content on that device for your personal use.Print single copies of articles on paper for your personal use.Share links to articles by using any sharing tools we make available. Republishing or redistributing of TPML ContentExcept as set out above, you may not copy TPML Content from the Website or any third-party source of TPML Content such as news aggregators and you may not republish or redistribute full text articles, for example by pasting them into emails or republishing them in any media, including websites, newsletters or intranets or any other digital platforms. We recognise that users of the Internet want to share information with others. We therefore permit limited republishing and redistribution of TPML Content as set out below provided that this does not create a Substitute for TPML’s own products or services. We define “Substitute” as a product or service that reduces the need for users or other third parties to pay for TPML Content directly or indirectly, or which creates revenue from the TPML Content to the disservice of TPML’s own ability to generate revenues from that content.Subject to what is mentioned above, the following is permitted:Publish online, the original TPML headline and a link to the article and the first 140 characters of an article (hereinafter referred to as “teaser text”).Forward the original headlines, links and teaser text to other individuals.Download our RSS feeds and view them for your personal use. We currently publish headlines and teaser text within our RSS feeds. You may also make an RSS feed available to third parties, users within an organisation you work for or users of a website that you publish, on the condition that you comply with the restrictions set out below. The restrictions on the above are as set out hereunder:Only publish the feed for access via a web-based browser.Do not use or publish the feed as part of a paid for service or for other commercial gain.Publish the feed as it is made available on the Website, so that you only include the headline and teaser content and ensure that the headline links back to the full text article on the Website.Attribute the feed to the TPML as “© Deccan Herald [year]” or “© Prajavani [year]” as applicable.Do not archive the feed or any of its content.Comply with our guidelines on usage of TPML logos. Copying or summarizing of TPML ContentAs referred to above you may not republish or redistribute full text articles (except as permitted by any sharing tools we make available).You may however republish or redistribute” Summaries” of TPML Content if you comply with the conditions set out below. “Summaries” can be either an “extract” or an “abstract”. By “extract” we mean 20 words copied verbatim from TPML Content which are inserted into a longer original work. By “abstract” we mean a 20-word non-verbatim summary of the news or facts reported in the TPML Content which does not form part of a longer work and does not misrepresent the original TPML Content.Conditions to comply with in order to produce summaries:You source the Website as the author of any article from which you have derived a summary by way of an attribution such as “[journalist name] at the Deccan Herald/Prajavani reported that”, with a hypertext link from the word “Deccan Herald” or “Prajavani” to the original story published on the Website.In the case of abstracts, you make clear that the abstract has been produced by you by stating “this abstract from the Deccan Herald/Praja Vani was produced by [name]”, with a hypertext link from the word “Deccan Herald” or “Prajavani” to the original story published on the Website.You ensure that your summaries do not in whole or in part form a Substitute for TPML’s own products and services (see above for how we define Substitute). The more summaries you create the greater the risk of substitution. No individual or organisation may create, republish or redistribute more than five summaries in aggregate each dayYou do not use or create summaries that promote or endorse any product or service. andIf TPML notifies you that it believes you are creating, republishing or redistributing summaries outside of these parameters, you shall immediately cease doing so and your rights to create summaries shall be regarded as having been withdrawn, unless/until TPML reaches an agreement with you regarding your use of the Website articles/TPML Content.Please note that these rights do not extend to content, data or other material published by TPML that we licence from third parties (including stock exchange or other index providers) which you may not republish or redistribute. Linking to TPML ContentIf you would like to link to the Website, please read and comply with the following guidelines and all applicable laws. A site or service that links to the Website is mandated to:Not remove, distort or otherwise alter the size or appearance of the DH/PV logoLink to the homepage of the Website, and, provided that you comply with this copyright policy, may also link to other pages of the WebsiteNot be a Substitute (as defined above).Not in any way imply that TPML is endorsing it or its products or services.Not misrepresent its relationship with TPML or present false information about TPMLNot be a site or service that infringes any intellectual property or other right of any person or that otherwise does not comply with all relevant laws and regulations andNot be a site or service that contains content that could be construed as distasteful or offensive. Specific Prohibitions on use of TPML Content:You cannot do anything other than make use of the content as set out above, unless you buy the appropriate licence to do so from TPML. You cannot do the following:Copy, publish or redistribute full text articles, photographs, graphics, tables or images in any way (except as permitted by any sharing tools we make available).Create derivative works from our content, unless you are creating summaries as described above.Photocopy or scan copies of articles.Remove the copyright or trade mark notice from any copies of TPML Content.Use spidering technology or other datamining technologies to search and link to the Website.Create a database in electronic or structured manual from by systematically and/or regularly downloading, caching, printing and storing all or any TPML Content (by spidering or otherwise).Frame, harvest or scrape TPML Content or otherwise access TPML Content for similar purposes.If you wish to use our content other than as permitted by these terms and conditions and for all other inquiries about distribution or reproduction of the materials please contact us at domainadmin@printersmysore.co.in. Any content to be used in any other way than the aforementioned terms shall be done so only with the prior written permission from TPML. 2. Disclaimer of liability To the extent permitted in law, we do not accept any responsibility for any statement in the TPML Content. Nothing in the TPML Content is provided for any specific purpose or at the request of any particular person. For the avoidance of confusion, we will not be liable for any loss caused as a result of your doing, or not doing, anything as a result of viewing, reading or listening to the TPML Content or any part of it. We reserve the right to modify/alter/restrict the TPML Content or access to the TPML Content solely at our discretion.  You can access other sites via links from the Website provided by us. These sites are not under our control and we are not responsible in any way for any of their contents. 3. Third party advertising on the Website You will see advertising material submitted by third parties on the Website. Each individual advertiser is solely responsible for the content of its advertising material. We accept no responsibility for the content of advertising material, including, without limitation, any error, omission or inaccuracy therein.If you want to advertise on the Website, please email our advertising sales team at digitalsales@printersmysore.co.in .Any queries regarding copyright and your content should be directed in the first instance to domainadmin@printersmysore.co.in .4. Links to other Websites We are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of any other website that is linked to this website. It is your responsibility to investigate the privacy policies of those other sites. This website may contain links to other websites which are not under our control or which are not maintained by us. The links to any such third party websites are provided for your convenience and information only. If you access these websites you do so at your own risk. We are not responsible for the content of those websites and will not be liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the use or your reliance on any such content. The fact that a website is linked to this website does not imply any endorsement or sponsorship by us of that website or that we are affiliated in any way with the third party operating that third party website.Once you leave our servers (you can tell where you are by checking the URL in the location bar on your browser), use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site you are visiting. That policy may differ from ours. If you can't find the privacy policy of any of these sites via a link from the site's homepage, you should contact the site directly for more information.Our web servers automatically collect limited information about your computer's connection to the Internet, including your IP address, when you visit our site. (Your IP address is a number that lets computers attached to the Internet know where to send you data -- such as the web pages you view.) Your IP address does not identify you personally. We use this information to deliver our web pages to you upon request, to tailor our site to the interests of our users, to measure traffic within our site and let advertisers know the geographic locations from where our visitors come.5. Information provided to us You may at your discretion provide information to us through our contact information provided in order to receive further information about us or our services enumerated on this website. If you do so, you agree that any such information becomes our property and may be used by us or others, reproduced, published, transmitted, displayed modified or distributed at our discretion, subject to our obligations under our Privacy Policy. All information received by us from your use of the website will be used in accordance with our Privacy Policy. Please read our Privacy Policy for details of how we may process your personal data. 7. Changes to these terms and conditions of usePlease note that we may change these terms and conditions from time to time at our sole discretion and we reserve the right to do so without your consent. Any revised terms and conditions will be applicable at the time of accessing the Website/posting on it. Please ensure that you review these terms and conditions regularly as you will be deemed to have accepted a variation if you continue to use the Website after you have accessed it.8. Governing law & jurisdiction These terms and conditions are governed by Indian laws and the parties accessing the Website agree/submit/concede to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Indian Courts in Bengaluru City. 9. No waiverOur failure to insist upon or enforce any provision of these terms of service shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or rights of TPML. Contributions towards Deccan Herald digital journalism The ultimate owner of all the Deccan Herald properties is The Printers (Mysore) Private Limited and all the contributions reach the account held by The Printers (Mysore) Private Limited. Contributions from readers is to support the cause of good journalism that we at Deccan Herald strive to deliver day in day out. Please note that your support to the Deccan Herald’s journalism does not constitute a charitable donation and no exemption can be claimed under Section 80G of the Income Tax Act,1961 of India or elsewhere. DH Picks
Farmers' protest live updates: Punjab farmer unions begin journey... Live
US experts approve Pfizer Covid-19 vaccine
Airbnb tops $100 billion m-cap on first day of...
They got the placebo, should they get Covid vaccine?...
Is Exxon a survivor? The oil giant is at...What's BrewingDilip Kumar, the undisputed Tragedy King turns 98Under the mask, the next Batman will be BlackSouth Korea prepares to store Pfizer's vaccineThe Lead: Rajeev Khandelwal on his new series Naxalbari'A Call to Spy' review: Fantastic World War II dramaDH Toon | Parliament building: It's make-believe world?''Lost shark' possibly extinct, dolphin threatened'Can I stop wearing mask after getting Covid-19 vaccine?
What does your star sign say?Explore