http://www.indystar.com/story/tech/reviewedcom/2020/09/24/15-helpful-products-you-never-knew-existed/3523237001/
15 helpful products you never knew existedMarissa Miller— Recommendations are independently chosen by Reviewed’s editors. Purchases you make through our links may earn us a commission.You’ve been shopping online so often this quarantine you can practically recite all of Amazon’s inventory. But just when you thought you've seen it all, you realize there are hundreds of hidden gems still waiting to be discovered. A.k.a. the internet is full of products you never knew existed, from brilliant kitchen gadgets to fitness devices, innovative tech gear, and more. Below, we've uncovered 15 incredibly useful things that will improve your everyday life—and make for some great conversation starters.1. The world’s first weighted robeYou’ve heard of weighted blankets, but a weighted robe? Now that’s game-changing—and you can now get one from Gravity. Featuring removable three-pound collar pads, this super-plush 100-percent fleece robe designed in collaboration with acclaimed designer Ron Chereskin applies light pressure to, well, pressure points, thereby relieving stress and helping you drift off faster. Our style editor, Amanda Tarlton, tried it for herself and gave it high marks for how cozy and comforting it is.Get the Modernist X Gravity Weighted Robe from Gravity Blankets for $1302. This customizable face maskYou’ve spent all of quarantine mixing messy bowls of oatmeal, avocado and honey to slather all over your face. Take personalized skincare up a notch with Nectar’s DIY mask service. First, choose your base (clay, cream or gel), and up to six potent plant-based ingredients like açai, aloe vera and papaya. Even if you’re familiar with your skin type, their quiz is super fun to fill out. When the kit arrives, you’ll feel like a mad scientist mixing the extracts into your base and applying it onto your face with an included wand. What you're left with is a skin solution perfectly tailored to your needs.Get the Mix-In Mask from Nectar USA for $383. This home DNA test for your catI never knew how much I actually wanted to know about my cats until I discovered there was a way to find out. The idea is that in order to better cater to your cat’s unique needs, it’s best to find out their breed (which is especially tricky when they’re rescues like mine). Using their comprehensive database of feline genetics, you’ll learn about your cat’s origins tracing back to more than twenty breed types and four breed regions.Simply grab a saliva swab from the inside of your cat’s mouth, mail in the samples, and wait four to six weeks for a full report outlining your cat’s genetic traits. You then have the option of a one-on-one conversation with a vet to discuss your pet’s results. You might just learn their funky meow has something to do with their relation to other big cat species like lions, tigers and cheetahs.Get the Breed Groups Test from Basepaws for $994. These genius pizza scissorsPizza wheel cutters are all fine and dandy until you need to messily lift up the slice only for the melted cheese to droop everywhere. Featuring an attachable spatula, you can easily cut and serve pizza in one fell swoop. Take it from one of hundreds of happy customers: “These pizza scissors are fantastic! They are sharp and cut the pizza easily and comfortably. They are sturdy, and well made, and seem to be built to last. The offset design keeps your hands above the hot pizza so that you don't burn your hands on the hot cheese or get sauce all over your hands.”Get the Dreamfarm Scizza Scissors from Amazon for $29.955. This device to sanitize your phone and keysThe brains behind PhoneSoap call our phones our third hand that we never wash. Ick! Thankfully, it’s super easy to place your phone in this little case, set it and forget it, and come back to a germ-free device. Tested by our own scientist, Julia MacDougall, she found the PhoneSoap (which has nearly 1,300 reviews) to be effective at removing bacteria and germs thanks to “scientifically proven” germicidal UV-C bulbs. The fun doesn’t stop at phones: sanitize anything that fits inside like keys, watches and earbuds—all while charging your phone through its included ports.Get the PhoneSoap 3 UV Smartphone Sanitizer & Universal Charger from Amazon for $79.956. This personalized pillow that looks just like your petWhether you’re going off to college or have recently lost a pet, going even a single day without your furry friend can be heartbreaking. Fortunately on Etsy, you can get a double-sided, hyper-realistic illustration of your pet. Simply upload an image along with any notes your designer should keep in mind, your size selection and indoor or outdoor fabric, and enjoy this special keepsake for years to come. Of the pillow’s nearly 1,000 reviewers, many note how well it helped them grieve the loss of their pet: “I ordered the large of my dog, who had recently passed away. Receiving this gave me so much joy. The quality is so good that I am sometimes surprised when I walk into a room and think he's sitting there. It gives me so much comfort to be able to hold my dog again at night. I recommend this as a comforting tool for those who have recently lost their furbaby.”Get the Custom Pet Pillow from Etsy for $22.997. This personal saunaCancel your premium gym membership because you’re not about to lock yourself in a small heated room with several other sweaty strangers. Treat your body and mind to your own personal sauna that heats up to 140 degrees Fahrenheit in just minutes. Using far infrared ray heat, it targets muscle aches and joint pain, leaving you feeling relaxed and rejuvenated. With over 1,600 reviews on Amazon, it’s the perfect escape to relax and read a book, watch TV, listen to music, or simply collect your thoughts. You earned it!Get the SereneLife Portable Infrared Home Spa from Amazon for $189.998. This gadget to prevent clogged drainsCleaning out a clogged drain might not technically be one of the most hated chores in America but it's certainly at the top of my list. And plenty of other people agree, which is why the Tubshroom is so popular. According to its 18,000+ reviews, all you have to do is slip it into your drain and it prevents hair and other gross debris from going down.Get the Tubshroom from Amazon for $12.999. This pumpkin-carving kitIf the yearly pumpkin you buy from the local farm looks a little intimidating in all its massive, heavy glory, fear not. Here, you’ve got two handy utensils with stainless steel blades to make carving and designing a breeze. Use them year round on melons, squash and more. One of our editors owns the kit herself and says it's lasted her family for years of pumpkin-carving fun. The tools are sharp and sturdy and help prevent major messes (and frustration!).Get the Chef'n Pumpkin Carving Kit from Amazon for $12.9910. This two-in-one cooler and tableIf you’re lounging outside, chances are you’ll need to keep your drinks cool. Use it either as a flat-top side table, or elevate the lid 10 inches to gain access to a hidden 7.5-gallon cooler. With over 6,600 reviews, customers love how it looks and performs as well as something far more expensive: ”Looks fantastic for the price point. I wanted a makeshift lounge area to relax in while grilling at my beach home and since it's just a garage I wasn't looking to spend an arm and leg. Put together, this looks like I paid five times what I did.”Get the Keter Pacific Side Table and Wine Cooler on Amazon for $79.9911. This split-temperature duvetIf you sleep with a partner who prefers a down duvet in the summer while you’re more of a single sheet kind of sleeper, your solution is in this dual-temperature duvet. You get two separate personal-sized duvets of your choice of thickness, and their respective covers each feature magnets in order to fasten them together when you make your bed. With a five-star rating, customers love how the duvet is giving them a better night’s sleep: “It's perfect for me and my hubby—we've been sleeping snug as two bugs in a rug since we purchased it. We love the magnetic inseams. It separates in the night so when my husband tosses and turns I'm not woken up. The fabric is amazing too! What a cool product!”Get the Split-Duvet Covers at Ervet Bedding starting at $18912. This smart water bottleBetween coffee, coffee, and more coffee, I'm guilty of not drinking enough water, especially in the mornings. This water bottle (which also has a built-in Bluetooth speaker) would put a stop to that. Reviewers love how it lights up every hour to remind you to drink and that it has a very long battery life.Get the ICEWATER 3-in-1 Smart Water Bottle for $19.9913. This key-free lockHow many times have you gone to lock up your belongings, only to come back several hours later to realize that you’ve forgotten your combination or your key? Far too many. Get with the times by using a fingerprint-activated padlock that uses biometric authentication technology to make your life more simple and secure. It stores up to 10 fingerprints and unlocks 2,500 on a single USB charge.Get the Sharper Image Fingerprint Padlock from Bed Bath and Beyond for $39.9914. This spray that instantly removes wrinklesWrinkles? Bad smells? Static cling? This product will fix all of that, according to its high rating and glowing reviews. You don't even need an iron or a washing machine—users say you just spray and go and that it makes your clothes look (and smell) as good as new.Get the Downy Wrinkle Releaser (3-Pack) from Amazon for $9.3915. This light to help you find things in your purseWait, this is actually genius. If, like me, you struggle to find your keys and phone when you need them most because they’re buried in a bottomless pit of granola bar wrappers and lip gloss, you need this pocket-sized lamp to help you get it together. It has over 600 glowing (pun intended) reviews thanks to its lightweight design and powerful lighting capabilities. “Awesome product. Lights up the inside of my large slouchy bag and allows me to see the contents that are hiding at the bottom. No more digging around and trying to identify things by size and shape, and I can easily see items that are hidden in the corners. Love it!”Get the Wasserstein Handbag Illuminator from Amazon for $12.99The product experts at Reviewed have all your shopping needs covered. Follow Reviewed on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram for the latest deals, product reviews, and more.Prices were accurate at the time this article was published but may change over time.Subscribe Now