http://www.ipressroom.com/privacy
Privacy Policy
News Center
Content Marketing
Custom Apps
Marketing DAM
Social Hub
Explore
REQUEST DEMO
REQUEST DEMO
LOGIN
CONTACT US
Toggle navigation
Digital Publishing
News Center
Content Marketing
Social Media Hub
Investor Hub
Digital Asset Management
DAM
Custom Integrated Solutions
Custom Apps
REQUEST DEMO
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING PRIVACY POLICY AND OUR TERMS OF SERVICE AS RECENT, IMPORTANT CHANGES HAVE BEEN MADE
Updated December 30, 2019
What This Privacy Policy Covers:
This policy covers how iPR Software, Inc, NewMediaWire, iPressroom, their affiliate entities and subsidiaries (“Company,” “we,” “our” or “us”) treats personal information that we collect and receive, including information related to your past use of our products and services. Personal Information is information about you that is personally identifiable like your name, address, email address, or phone number, and that is not otherwise publicly available. We are committed to complying with all international law, including the EU General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”). As such, we have made our privacy policy easier to navigate and have added information pertaining to our partners and customers located in the European Union and abroad. This policy has been recently updated to comply with The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”).
This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Company does not own or control, or to people that Company does not employ or manage.
Information Collection and Use: General
We collect personal information when you register with us, when you use our products or services, when you visit our webpages or the websites of certain Company partners. When you enter surveys, we may combine information about you that we have with information we obtain from business partners or other companies.
When you register, we may ask for information such as your name, email address, zip code, occupation, industry, and phone number. Once you register with any of our websites, and sign in to our services, you are no longer anonymous to us.
Each of our websites may automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser, including your IP address, cookie information, and the page you request.
We use information for the following general purposes:
to customize content;
to fulfill your requests for products and services;
to improve our services;
to contact you;
to conduct research; and,
provide anonymous reporting for internal and external clients.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
We do not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies, except to provide products or services you've requested, when we have your permission, or under the following circumstances:  We provide the information to trusted partners who work on behalf of or with us under strict confidentiality agreements. These companies may use your personal information to help us communicate with you about offers from us and our marketing partners. However, these companies do not have any independent right to share this information; We respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims; We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our terms of use, or as otherwise required by law.  We transfer information about you if we are acquired by or merged with another company. In this event, we will notify you before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
You have the right to opt out of the sharing of any information by contacting our legal department by contacting us at: privacy@iprsoftware.com
California Costumers, Vendors and Partners
In compliance with The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“ CCPA ”) we want you to understand your additional rights to ascertain, delete and opt out, and require businesses collecting or disclosing any personal information to provide notices and your ways to exercise those rights. The words used in this section have the meanings given to them in the CCPA, which may be broader than their common meaning.
Notice of Collection.
The information we collect is described in greater detail above, however the categories of personal information that we have collected – as described by the CCPA – including in the past 12 months may include:
Identifiers - including name, email address, and IP address.
Other individual customer records - including phone number , billing and shipping address, and credit or debit card information. This category includes personal information protected under pre-existing California law (Cal. Civ. Code 1798.80(e)), and overlaps with other categories listed here
Commercial information - including purchases and engagement with our Services.
Internet activity - including your interactions with our Service.
Right to Know and Delete.
California residents have the right to delete the personal information we have collected from you, and the right to know certain information about our data practices in the preceding twelve (12) months. In particular, you have the right to request the following from us:
The categories of personal information we have collected about you;
The categories of sources from which the personal information was collected;
The categories of personal information about you we disclosed for a business purpose;
The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling the personal information; and
The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
If you would like us to delete your personal information in compliance with CCPA, please email us at privacy@iPRsoftware.com.
Right to Opt-Out.
We do not generally sell information as the term “sell” is traditionally understood. However, if and to the extent “sale” under the CCPA is interpreted to include advertising technology activities such as those implemented specifically for interest-based advertising, we will comply with applicable law as to such activity.
Authorized Agent.
You can designate an authorized agent to submit requests on your behalf. However, we will require written proof of the agent’s permission to do so and verify your identity directly.
Right to Non-Discrimination.
You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of any your rights.
Nevada Customers, Vendors and Partners
If you are a Nevada resident, you may ask iPRSoftware to add you to our opt-out list for possible future sales of certain information we have collected or will collect about you. A sale under Nevada law is the exchange of personal information for monetary consideration by the business to a third-party for the third-party to license or sell the personal information to other third parties. To submit such a request, please contact our designated request email address: privacy@iprsoftware.com
EU Customers, Vendors and Partners
This Service is hosted and operated in the United States (“U.S.”), with certain operations and clients in other countries (which may be hosted in the European Union (“E.U.”)).  By using this service, you acknowledge that any Personal Information about you, regardless of whether provided by you or a third party, is being provided to us in the U.S. and will be hosted on U.S. servers, and you authorize us to transfer, store, host and process your information to and in the U.S. and possibly other countries.  You hereby consent to transfer your data to the U.S. pursuant to the standard data protection clauses promulgated by the European Commission (“EC”), a copy of which can be obtained at https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/EN/TXT/?uri=celex%3A32010D0087
If you are located in the EU, United Kingdom, Lichtenstein, Norway or Iceland, you may have additional rights under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”) related to your Personal Information, as further described below.   Company will be the controller of your Personal Information processed in connection with the Service.  You have a right to:
Data Access. You may request access to the Personal Data we hold about you and request that we edit or delete them.
Data Portability. You are entitled to request copies of Personal Data that you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and/or request that this information be transmitted to another service provider (where technically feasible).
Deletion. You may be able to have your Personal Data deleted or erased.
Correcting inaccurate or incomplete information. We maintain a process to help you confirm that your personal details remain correct and up-to-date.
Manage your Information. You may choose whether or not you wish to receive material from us or some of our partners. Please let us know by emailing us at privacy@iprsoftware.com
Withdraw consent. If the processing of your Personal Data is based on your consent, you may withdraw your consent at any time as to future processing.
Object to or restrict our use of Personal Data. You can ask us to stop using all or some of your Personal Data (e.g., if we have no legal right to keep using it) or to limit our use of it (e.g., if your Personal Data is inaccurate or unlawfully held).
Information Relating to Minors
We are focused on serving the needs of businesses, we do not promote or market our services to minors and we do not knowingly collect information from minors as defined by applicable law. If we discover we have received any Personal Information from a person under the age of 13 in violation of this Privacy Policy, we will take reasonable steps to delete that information as quickly as possible.
If you believe we have any information from or about anyone under the age of 13, please email us at: privacy@iprsoftware.com
Cookies
We may set and access Company cookies on your computer.
We  let other companies that use our service on some of our pages set and access their cookies on your computer. Other companies' use of their cookies is subject to their own privacy policies, not ours. Advertisers or other companies do not have access to our cookies.
Your Ability to Edit and Delete Your Account Information and Preferences:
General
We reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to our Services, such as service announcements, administrative messages and newsletters that are considered part of your account, without offering you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving them.
Confidentiality and Security
We limit access to personal information about you to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs.
We have physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards in place to protect personal information about you.
Your Account Information is password-protected.
In certain areas we use industry-standard SSL-encryption to protect data transmissions.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may and will update this policy. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account or by placing a prominent notice on our site.
GET STARTED NOW
STAY CONNECTED
FOLLOW US
@iPRsoftware
LIKE US
Facebook
CONNECT
LinkedIn
INSIGHTS
News + Blog
Terms of Use   |   Privacy Policy
|   About
Copyright © 2020 iPR Software, Inc.
HOME
CHOOSE SOLUTIONS FOR:
Digital Publishing
NEWS CENTER
CONTENT MARKETING
Social Media hub
Investor Hub
Digital Asset Management
DAM
Custom Integrated Solutions
CUSTOM APPS
ABOUT US
NEWS & INSIGHTS
CONTACT US