https://www.concordmonitor.com/Reader-Services/terms-of-service
27°
E-Edition
Subscribe
Login
Toggle navigation
Menu
News
Sports
Opinion
Obituaries
Politics
Arts & Life
More...
E-Edition
Subscribe
Login
×
N.H. COVID-19 update: The 14 deaths reported Thursday mean 67 people have died from COVID in the past two weeks, a rate not seen since mid-June.  Other numbers: 695 new cases – 6,303 active cases - 248 people in the hospital, the fifth record day in a row.
Terms of Service
By using this website (the "Site"), you agree to be bound by these Terms of Service and to use the Site in accordance with these Terms of Service, our Privacy Notice, and any additional terms and conditions that are referenced herein or that otherwise may apply to specific sections of the Site, or to products and services that we make available to you through the Site (all of which are deemed part of these Terms of Service). Accessing the Site, in any manner, whether automated or otherwise, constitutes use of the Site and your agreement to be bound by these Terms of Service.
We reserve the right to change these Terms of Service or to impose new conditions on use of the Site, from time to time, in which case we will post the revised Terms of Service on this website and update the "Last Updated" date to reflect the date of the changes. By continuing to use the Site after we post any such changes, you accept the Terms of Service, as modified.
We also reserve the right to deny access to the Site or any features of the Site to anyone who violates these Terms of Service or who, in our sole judgment, interferes with the ability of others to enjoy our website or infringes the rights of others.
Rights and Restrictions Relating to Site Content
YOUR LIMITED RIGHT TO USE SITE MATERIALS. This Site and all the materials available on the Site, including but not limited to all news articles, photographs, images, illustrations, audio clips, and video clips, are the property of us and/or our affiliates or licensors, and are protected by copyright, trademark, and other intellectual property laws. The Site is provided solely for your personal non-commercial use. You may not use the Site or the materials available on the Site in a manner that constitutes an infringement of our rights or that has not been authorized by us. More specifically, unless explicitly authorized in these Terms of Service or by the owner of the materials, you may not modify, copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit, translate, sell, create derivative works, exploit, or distribute in any manner or medium (including by email or other electronic means) any material from the Site. You may, however, from time to time, download and/or print one copy of individual pages of the Site for your personal, non-commercial use, provided that you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices. For information about requesting permission to reproduce or distribute materials from the Site, please contact us at the address in Section 20 Contact Us, below.
OUR RIGHT TO USE MATERIALS YOU SUBMIT OR POST. When you submit or post any material via the Site, you grant us, and anyone authorized by us, a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, unrestricted, worldwide license to use, copy, modify, transmit, sell, exploit, create derivative works from, distribute, and/or publicly perform or display such material, in whole or in part, in any manner or medium (whether now known or hereafter developed), for any purpose that we choose. The foregoing grant includes the right to exploit any proprietary rights in such posting or submission, including, but not limited to, rights under copyright, trademark or patent laws that exist in any relevant jurisdiction. Also, in connection with the exercise of these rights, you grant us, and anyone authorized by us, the right to identify you as the author of any of your postings or submissions by name, email address or screen name, as we deem appropriate. You understand that the technical processing and transmission of the Site, including content submitted by you, may involve transmissions over various networks, and may involve changes to the content to conform and adapt it to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices. You will not receive any compensation of any kind for the use of any materials submitted by you.
LIMITATIONS ON LINKING AND FRAMING. You are free to establish a hypertext link to our Site so long as the link does not state or imply any sponsorship of your website or service by us or by our Site. However, you may not, without our prior written permission, frame or inline link any of the content of our Site, or incorporate into another website or other service any of our material, content or intellectual property.
LIMITATIONS ON USE OF ASSOCIATED PRESS MATERIALS. Some of the material available on this Site is provided by the Associated Press. By using this Site you agree and acknowledge that (1) you will not publish, display, broadcast, or rewrite for broadcast or publication, or redistribute, directly or indirectly in any medium, any Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio, and/or video material; and (2) no Associated Press materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and non-commercial use. The Associated Press will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions in its materials or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part of its materials, or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. In addition to those set forth in this paragraph, the Associated Press may impose other terms and conditions on the use of its materials. Please go to http://www.ap.org/termsandconditions for more information.
Site Registration Process
To access certain features of our Site, we may ask you to provide certain demographic information including your gender, year of birth, zip code and country. In addition, if you elect to sign-up for a particular feature of the Site, such as discussion forums, blogs, photo- and video-sharing pages or social networking features, you may also be asked to register with us on the form provided and such registration may require you to provide personally identifiable information such as your name and email address. You agree to provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the Site's registration form. If we have reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, or incomplete, we have the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Site (or any portion thereof). Our use of any personally identifiable information you provide to us as part of the registration process is governed by the terms of our Privacy Notice.
Responsibility for Your Username and Password
To use certain features of our Site, you will need a username/email address and password, which you will receive through the Site's registration process. We reserve the right to reject or terminate the use of any username/email address that we deem offensive or inappropriate. In addition, we also reserve the right to terminate the use of any account, or to deny access to the Site or any features of the Site, to anyone who violates these Terms of Service or who, in our sole judgment, interferes with the ability of others to enjoy our website or infringes the rights of others. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and account, and are responsible for all activities (whether by you or by others) that occur under your password or account. You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security, and to ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. We cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to protect your password or account information.
Online Commerce
Certain sections of this Site may allow you to purchase different types of products and services online that are provided by third parties. We are not responsible for the quality, accuracy, timeliness, reliability or any other aspect of these products and services. If you make a purchase from a merchant on our Site, or on a third-party website that you have accessed via a link on our Site, the information obtained during your visit to that merchant's online store or site, and the information that you give as part of the transaction, such as your credit card number and contact information, may be collected by both the merchant and us. A merchant may have privacy and data collection practices that are different from ours. We have no responsibility or liability for these independent policies. In addition, when you purchase products or services on or through the Site, you may be subject to additional terms and conditions that specifically apply to your purchase or use of such products or services. For more information regarding a merchant, its online store, its privacy policies, and/or any additional terms and conditions that may apply, visit that merchant's website and click on its information links or contact the merchant directly. You release us and our affiliates from any damages that you incur, and agree not to assert any claims against us or any of our affiliates, arising from your purchase or use of any products or services made available by third parties through the Site.
You agree to be financially responsible for all purchases made by you or someone acting on your behalf through the Site. You agree to use the Site, and to purchase services or products through the Site, for legitimate, non-commercial purposes only. You also agree not to make any purchases for speculative, false or fraudulent purposes or for the purpose of anticipating demand for a particular product or service. You agree to only purchase goods or services for yourself or for another person for whom you are legally permitted to do so. When making a purchase for a third party that requires you to submit the third party's personal information to us or a merchant, you represent that you have obtained the express consent of such third party to provide such third party's personal information.
Responsibility for User-Provided Content
This Site may include a variety of features, such as discussion forums, blogs, photo- and video-sharing pages, email services and social networking features that allow feedback to us and allow users to interact with each other on the Site and post content and materials for display on the Site. This Site also may include other features, such as personalized home pages and email services, that allow users to communicate with third parties. By accessing and using any such features, you represent and agree:
(i) that you have read and agree to abide by these Terms of Service;
(ii) that you are the owner of any material you post or submit, or are making your posting or submission with the express consent of the owner of the material;
(iii) that you are making your posting or submission with the express consent of anyone pictured in any material you post or submit,
(iv) that you are 13 years of age or older;
(v) that the materials will not violate the rights of, or cause injury to, any person or entity;
(vi) that you will indemnify and hold harmless us, our affiliates, and each of our and their respective directors, officers, managers, employees, shareholders, agents, representatives and licensors, from and against any liability of any nature arising out of related to any content or materials displayed on or submitted via the Site by you or by others using your username and password; and
(vii) that you will not:
Restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the Site;
Use the Site to impersonate any person or entity, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity;
Interfere with or disrupt any servers or networks used to provide the Site or its features, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of the networks we use to provide the Site;
Use the Site to instigate or encourage others to commit illegal activities or cause injury or property damage to any person;
Gain unauthorized access to the Site, or any account, computer system, or network connected to this Site, by means such as hacking, password mining or other illicit means;
Use the Site to post or transmit any unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane or indecent information of any kind, including without limitation any transmissions constituting or encouraging conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any local, state, or federal law;
Use the Site to post or transmit any information, software or other material that violates or infringes upon the rights of others, including material that is an invasion of privacy or publicity rights or that is protected by copyright, trademark or other proprietary right, or derivative works with respect thereto, without first obtaining permission from the owner or rights holder;
Gather for marketing purposes any email addresses or other personal information that has been posted by other users of the Site;
Contact anyone who has asked not to be contacted;
Engage in personal attacks, harass or threaten, deliberately inflame or disrupt the conversation, or air personal grievances about other users;
Repeatedly post the same or similar content or otherwise impose an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure; or
Use automated means, including spiders, robots, crawlers, data mining tools, or the like to download data from our Site. Exception is made for Internet search engines (e.g., Google) that comply with our Terms of Service.
You also grant us a license to use the materials you post or submit via such features, as described above under the header "Rights and Restrictions Relating to Site Content."
Responsibility for what is posted on discussion forums, blogs, photo- and video-sharing pages, and other areas on the Site through which users can supply information or material, or sent via any email services that are made available via the Site, lies with each user – you alone are responsible for the material you post or send. We do not control the messages, information or files that you or others may transmit, post or otherwise provide on or through the Site.
You understand that we have no obligation to monitor any discussion forums, blogs, photo- or video-sharing pages, or other areas of the Site through which users can supply information or material. However, we reserve the right at all times, in our sole discretion, to screen content submitted by users and to edit, move, delete, and/or refuse to accept any content that in our judgment violates these Terms of Service or is otherwise unacceptable or inappropriate, whether for legal or other reasons.
You acknowledge and agree that we may preserve content and materials submitted by you, and may also disclose such content and materials if required to do so by law or if, in our business judgment, such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process; (b) enforce these Terms of Service; (c) respond to claims that any content or materials submitted by you violate the rights of third parties; or (d) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of our Site, us, our affiliates, our officers, directors, employees, representatives, our licensors, other users, and/or the public.
EZ Pay Automatic Bill Paying Terms
EZ Pay is our automatic bill paying program. There are no bills sent to your home, checks to write, or stamps needed. The amount of your monthly subscription rate is automatically deducted from your credit card or debit card, or your bank account on a monthly basis. The transaction will appear on your monthly credit card statement. If you authorize us to bill your account on a monthly basis through our automatic billing program, you understand and agree that the monthly amount may vary if you change the number of delivery days and/or temporarily stop your subscription. In the event the subscription price increases, you understand and agree that you will be given notice of the increase and have an opportunity to cancel, and in the event you do not cancel, you further authorize us to bill your credit card or debit card the new subscription amount. If you wish to discontinue participation in the EZ Pay Plan, you understand that you may do so by notifying us at least five business days before the next payment is to be deducted from your account.
Classified Advertising
If classified advertising may be submitted through this Site, when you submit a classified ad for publication on the Site, you agree that the advertisement as it appears on the Site becomes our property. Submission of an advertisement does not constitute a commitment to publish the advertisement, and publication of an advertisement does not constitute an agreement for continued publication. We will accept only standard abbreviations and require proper punctuation. We reserve the right to edit, reclassify, revise, reject or cancel any advertisement at any time, in our sole discretion. Rates and specifications for any advertisement are subject to change.
Real Estate Advertisements; Equal Housing Opportunity
The Federal Fair Housing Act makes it illegal to advertise "any preference, limitation, or discrimination because of race, color, religion, sex, handicap, familial status, or national origin, or intention to make any such preference, limitation, or discrimination." State law may also forbid discrimination based on these factors and others. We will not knowingly accept any advertising for real estate which is in violation of the law. All persons are hereby informed that all dwellings advertised are available on an equal opportunity basis. To complain of discrimination call the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development at 800-669-9777.
Job Listings
Our Site may permit users to post, and search for, job openings. We do not knowingly accept listings regarding employment that are not for bona fide job opportunities. We also do not knowingly accept listings that discriminate or intend to discriminate on any illegal basis, or that are otherwise illegal. We encourage you to investigate fully and understand all aspects of any job you are considering.
Limitation on Use of Company Directories
The information contained in any company directories that may be provided on the Site is provided for business lookup purposes and is not to be used for marketing or telemarketing applications. This information may not be copied or redistributed and is provided "AS IS" without warranty of any kind. In no event will we or our suppliers be liable in any way with regard to such information.
Privacy
We respect the privacy of the users of our Site. Please review our Privacy Notice.
Modifications to, or Discontinuation of, the Site
We reserve the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Site, or any portion thereof, with or without notice. You agree that we will not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Site or any portion thereof.
Disclaimers
Throughout our Site, we have provided links and pointers to Internet sites maintained by third parties. Our linking to such third-party sites does not imply an endorsement or sponsorship of such sites, or the information, products or services offered on or through the sites. In addition, neither we nor our parent or subsidiary companies nor any of our respective affiliates operate or control in any respect any information, products or services that third parties may provide on or through the Site or on websites linked to by us on the Site.
THE INFORMATION, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES OFFERED ON OR THROUGH THE SITE AND ANY THIRD-PARTY SITES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW, WE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. WE DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE SITE OR ANY OF ITS FUNCTIONS WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT ANY PART OF THIS SITE, INCLUDING BULLETIN BOARDS, OR THE SERVERS THAT MAKE IT AVAILABLE, ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. WE DO NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE OR THE RESULTS OF THE USE OF THE SITE OR MATERIALS ON THIS SITE OR ON THIRD-PARTY SITES IN TERMS OF THEIR CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY, TIMELINESS, RELIABILITY OR OTHERWISE.
You must provide and are solely responsible for all hardware and/or software necessary to access the Site. You assume the entire cost of and responsibility for any damage to, and all necessary maintenance, repair or correction of, that hardware and/or software.
The Site is provided for informational purposes only, and is not intended for trading or investing purposes, or for commercial use. Stock and mutual fund quotes, and related financial news stories may be delayed for a substantial period of time, as may be required by the stock exchanges and/or the financial information services. The Site should not be used in any high risk activities where damage or injury to persons, property, environment, finances or business may result if an error occurs. You expressly assume all risk for such use.
Your interactions with companies, organizations and/or individuals found on or through our Site, including any purchases, transactions, or other dealings, and any terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and such companies, organizations and/or individuals. You agree that we will not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings. You also agree that, if there is a dispute between users of this Site, or between a user and any third party, we are under no obligation to become involved, and you agree to release us and our affiliates from any claims, demands and damages of every kind or nature, known or unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, arising out of or in any way related to such dispute and/or our Site.
Limitation of Liability
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, NEGLIGENCE, WILL WE OR OUR SUBSIDIARIES, PARENT COMPANY OR AFFILIATES BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES THAT RESULT FROM THE USE OF, OR THE INABILITY TO USE, THIS SITE, INCLUDING ITS MATERIALS, PRODUCTS, OR SERVICES, OR THIRD-PARTY MATERIALS, PRODUCTS, OR SERVICES MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THIS SITE, EVEN IF WE ARE ADVISED BEFOREHAND OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. (BECAUSE SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN CATEGORIES OF DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IN SUCH STATES, OUR LIABILITY AND THE LIABILITY OF OUR SUBSIDIARIES, PARENT COMPANIES AND AFFILIATES, IS LIMITED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY SUCH STATE LAW.) YOU SPECIFICALLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT WE ARE NOT LIABLE FOR ANY DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF ANY USER. IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH THE SITE, OR ANY MATERIALS, PRODUCTS, OR SERVICES ON THE SITE, OR WITH ANY OF THE SITE'S TERMS AND CONDITIONS, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE USING THE SITE.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless us, our affiliates, and each of our and their respective directors, officers, managers, employees, shareholders, agents, representatives and licensors, from and against any and all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, that arise out of your use of the Site, violation of these Terms of Service by you or any other person using your account, or your violation of any rights of another. We reserve the right to take over the exclusive defense of any claim for which we are entitled to indemnification under this section. In such event, you agree to provide us with such cooperation as is reasonably requested by us.
Suspension and Termination of Access
You agree that, in our sole discretion, we may suspend or terminate your password, account (or any part thereof) or use of the Site, or any part of the Site, and remove and discard any materials that you submit to the Site, at any time, for any reason, without notice. You agree that we will not be liable to you or any third-party for any suspension or termination of your password, account (or any part thereof) or use of the Site, or any removal of any materials that you have submitted to the Site. In the event that we suspend or terminate your access to and/or use of the Site, you will continue to be bound by the Terms of Service that were in effect as of the date of your suspension or termination.
Claims of Intellectual Property Violations and Agent for Notice
It is our policy to respond to notices of alleged infringement that comply with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act and other applicable intellectual property laws. It is our policy to remove material that we believe in good faith to be copyrighted material that appears on our web site in a manner that constitutes copyright infringement or violation of other intellectual property rights, and to discontinue service to repeat offenders who post such materials to our web site. For those seeking more information, the text of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act can be found at the U.S. Copyright Office.
If you believe your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, or that your intellectual property rights have been otherwise violated, please provide our Copyright Agent, listed below, with the following information:
(i) A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or other intellectual property that is allegedly infringed.
(ii) A description of the copyrighted work or other intellectual property that you claim has been infringed or, if multiple works at our web site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at the web site.
(iii) A detailed description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the web site, with information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material.
(iv) Information to permit us to contact you, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an email address at which you may be contacted.
(v) A statement from you that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright or intellectual property owner, its agent, or the law. (vi) A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or other intellectual property that is allegedly infringed.
Designated Agent to Receive Notification of Claimed Infringement:
Aaron Julien
Newspapers of New England, Inc.
One Monitor Drive
Concord NH 03301
Phone: (603)224-5301
Fax: (603)224-6949
E-mail to: copyright AT nnenews . com
TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPLICABLE TO THE WORKS OF THE ASSOCIATED PRESS DISPLAYED ON THE WEB OR DISTRIBUTED VIA THE INTERNET
The Associated Press may impose other terms and conditions on the use of its materials that appear on the Site. You agree to the additional terms and conditions set forth at http://www.ap.org/termsandconditions by the Associated Press on any text, data, information, photos, graphics, audio and video material created, gathered, generated and/or provided by The Associated Press on this Site.
Other Terms & Conditions
This agreement constitutes the entire agreement between us and you with respect to the subject matter contained in this agreement and supersedes all previous and contemporaneous agreements, proposals and communications, written oral. You also may be subject to additional terms and conditions that may apply when you use the products or services of a third party that are provided through the Site. In the event of any conflict between any such third-party terms and conditions and these Terms of Service, these Terms of Service will govern. This agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New Hampshire, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law.
This agreement is personal to you and you may not assign it to anyone. If any provision of this agreement is found to be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision will be deemed severable from this agreement and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. These Terms of Service are not intended to benefit any third party, and do not create any third party beneficiaries. Accordingly, these Terms of Service may only be invoked or enforced by you or us. You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action that you may have arising out of or related to use of the Site or these Terms of Service must be filed by you within one year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred.
Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding these Terms of Service, please write to us at:
Concord Monitor
Newspapers of New Hampshire, Inc.
1 Monitor Drive
Concord, NH 03301
Attn: PUBLISHER
Concord Monitor Office
1 Monitor Drive
Concord,NH 03301
603-224-5301
© 2020 Concord Monitor
Terms & Conditions - Privacy Policy
Customer Service
603-224-4287
customerservice@cmonitor.com
Social Media
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Instagram
News
View All Sections
Part of the Newspapers of New England Family
Amherst Bulletin
Athol Daily News
Daily Hampshire Gazette
Greenfield Recorder
Monadnock Ledger-Transcript
Valley News
Valley Advocate
The Concord Insider
NNEdigital
×
All Sections
News
Local
State
World
Police/Fire
Business
Science
Town By Town
Share A News Tip
Politics
State House
Federal
Elections
Podcast
Reader Services
Reader Services
Contact Us
FAQ
Subscribe
Pay My Bill
Newsletter Signups
Archive
Advertise
Newspapers in Education
Obituaries
Submit an Obituary
Sports
High School
Professional
College
Columns
Send Scores
Opinion
Columns
Editorials
Letters
Submit a Letter
Cartoons
Arts & Life
Books
Calendar
TV Listings
Entertainment
Food
Outdoors
Home/Garden
Health
Milestones
Customer Service
603-224-4287
customerservice@cmonitor.com
Other Publications
The Concord Insider
Around Concord
Advertise
Sponsored Content
Classifieds
Jobs
Autos
Real Estate Sales
Real Estate Rentals
Merchandise
Corner Cupboard
Animals
Announcements
Services
Financial/Business Services
Public Notices/Legals
Place an ad
Daily Deals
Business Directory
Real Estate
Close