http://www.csmonitor.com/World/Europe/2020/0924/EU-proposes-migration-policy-reforms-for-more-equal-distribution
Skip to main content
Skip to main menu
Skip to search
Skip to footer
This website uses cookies to
improve functionality and performance. By continuing to browse the site
you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
Close
Search for:
Subscribe: $11 / Month
Subscribe to the Monitor
Give the Monitor
Manage subscription
Subscription
Manage subscription
Give the Monitor
Monitor Daily Current Issue
Complete coronavirus coverage
Home
World
All World
Africa
Americas
Asia Pacific
Asia: South & Central
Europe
Middle East
Coronavirus response
Progress Watch
Navigating Uncertainty
People Making a Difference
Global Voices
USA
All USA
Politics
Monitor Breakfast
Politics Watch
Foreign Policy
Military
Justice
Education
Education Watch
Society
Commentary
All Commentary
The Monitor's View
Readers Respond
From the Editor
Global Newsstand
A Christian Science Perspective
Economy
Science & Nature
Science
Science Notebook
Environment
Technology
Culture
All Culture
Arts
Music
Movies
Monitor Movie Guide
TV
In a Word
The Home Forum
Culture Cafe
Family
Food
Recipe Categories
Books
All Books
Book Reviews
Author Q&As
Readers' Recommendations
Podcasts
Monitor Daily
Perception Gaps
Rethinking the News
Photos of the Week
Monitor Weekly PDF
About Us
Your Account
Log in
Log out
Manage subscription
Change password
Change email
Your subscriptions
Contact customer service
Support the Monitor
Subscribe
Give a gift subscription
Give a gift subscription
Support Monitor journalism
Free offers
Sign up for Monitor newsletters
One month free trial to the Monitor Daily
Get news that uplifts and empowers
See our other FREE newsletters.
By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy.
Select free newsletters:
The Weekender
A selection of the most viewed stories this week on the Monitor's website.
Every Saturday
Announcements
Hear about special editorial projects, new product information, and upcoming events.
Occasional
Politics
An update on major political events, candidates, and parties twice a week.
Twice a Week
Science & Nature
Stay informed about the latest scientific discoveries & breakthroughs.
Every Tuesday
Commentary
A weekly digest of Monitor views and insightful commentary on major events.
Every Thursday
Books
Latest book reviews, author interviews, and reading trends.
Every Friday
Culture & Learning
A weekly update on music, movies, cultural trends, and education solutions.
Every Thursday
Christian Science Perspective
The five most recent Christian Science articles with a spiritual perspective.
Every Monday
Close
×
EU proposes migration policy reforms for more equal distribution
The European Union is hoping to overhaul its migration policies and distribute the costs and responsibility of taking in migrants more evenly across the bloc. Those rescued at sea would be relocated in the bloc, rather than being sent back.
Panagiotis Balaskas/AP
Migrants gather in a new, temporary refugee camp in Kara Tepe, Greece, on Sept. 19, 2020. The failures of Europe's refugee policy were on display earlier this month when the migrants' previous camp, which was notoriously overcrowded, was ravaged in a fire.
Loading...
September 24, 2020
By
Gabriela Baczynska
Reuters
Brussels
The European Union’s executive proposed on Wednesday overhauling the bloc’s broken migration and asylum rules, seeking to end years of feuds and bitterness over how to handle the many people fleeing conflict and poverty in the Middle East and Africa.The most contentious element would impose a legal obligation on each state to host an assigned number of refugees – something eastern nations including Poland and Hungary are dead against – as well as other forms of “mandatory solidarity.”Each state would receive $11,750 per adult taken in, funded from the bloc’s budget.Endless rows over where to locate refugees and migrants have caused bad blood between the Mediterranean countries where they mainly come, the reluctant easterners, and the richer northern states where many of the new arrivals aspire to live.The bloc was caught off guard in 2015 when more than a million people made it to EU shores, overwhelming security and welfare networks and fomenting far-right sentiment.
Trump in 2024? For now, president’s hints are freezing GOP field.But the bloc’s top migration official said the crisis was over, with the EU now receiving some 1.5 million net new foreigners coming legally to live and work per year, compared to only 140,000 asylum seekers arriving irregularly.“We need these people,” said Swedish EU Home Affairs Commissioner, Ylva Johansson. “Managing migration is not about finding a perfect solution but a solution acceptable to all.”The executive European Commission’s plans to overhaul its defunct system include scratching a rule that the first EU country of arrival be responsible for asylum requests, which put too much burden on Mediterranean nations.Under the new proposal, those arriving would be assigned to specific countries based on family links, history of education or work, or having a visa issued by a member state.‘Mandatory solidarity’In the 400-page proposal spanning five different pan-EU laws, Ms. Johansson put emphasis on sending back those who fail to win asylum.“It’s necessary to have the acceptance of EU citizens to relocate [host] those who have the right to stay to be able to send back those who are not eligible,” she said.The plan, sure to stir up heated disputes, would also aim to open up more legal routes for refugees and migrants, and work more closely with countries hosting and managing people before they reach Europe.It would also put EU countries with external borders under closer monitoring to ensure they do not violate the law after multiple reports of pushbacks in Hungary, Croatia, Greece, and Malta.Under the plan, people rescued at sea would have to be relocated in the bloc – rather than sent back – and the Commission recommended that member states do not criminalize charities involved in such rescues.At times of regular immigration, all EU states would be obliged to help under the new idea of “mandatory solidarity” by relocating or returning people, or offering material assistance on the ground in arrival countries.If, however, a country were falling under major pressure, it could seek to activate a crisis mechanism under which its EU peers would be obliged to take people in or send them back.The complex system would eventually lead to each EU country having to take in some refugees.Despite having German Chancellor Angela Merkel as the driving force behind it, the plan faces an uphill battle. The Commission said all elements should be in place from 2023.“My guess is that I will have zero member states saying it’s a perfect proposal,” said Ms. Johansson. “But I do hope that I’ll also have 27 member states saying it’s a balanced approach and let’s work on this. ... It’s about realizing we have a common problem and we have to manage it together.”After opening Germany’s doors to Syrian refugees back in 2015, Ms. Merkel suffered electoral setbacks as the far right surged on anti-immigration sentiment.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox.
But in a sign of the changing mood, German mayors offered this month to take in refugees after an overcrowded camp on the Greek island of Lesbos burnt to the ground. Protesters took to the streets in many German cities chanting, “We have space!”This story was reported by Reuters.
Related stories
Migrants homeless after refugee camp burns down in Greece
Does Hungary education reform mean more patriotism, but less democracy?
Can Europe be saved? One couple’s mission to mend, not trash, the EU.
Share this article
Copy link
Link copied.
×
of
stories this month
>
Get unlimited stories
You've read  of  free articles.
Subscribe to continue.
Unlimited digital access $11/month.
Get unlimited Monitor journalism.
Learn more
Unlimited digital access $11/month.
Already a subscriber? Login
Digital subscription includes:
Unlimited access to CSMonitor.com.
CSMonitor.com archive.
The Monitor Daily email.
No advertising.
Cancel anytime.
Subscribe
Like what you see here?
Less noise. More insight.
SUBSCRIBE TODAY