http://www.herald-journal.com/about/privacy.html
News | Sports | Columns | Obituaries | Classifieds | Guides | Subscribe | Ad Rates
About: Staff Directory | Employment
Privacy Policy Statement
Prohibited Uses
This Site is not intended for use by persons located within the European Economic Area (EEA). We do not request or accept personal information concerning or supplied by persons who are located within the EEA at the time they access this Site. If you have accessed this Site from within the EEA, you should immediately discontinue your use. If you have supplied personal information to us in violation of this provision, whether through the registration of new user accounts or otherwise, please contact us at hj@heraldjournal.com.
This Privacy Statement applies to all web sites ("Site") owned and operated by Herald Journal Publishing, Inc., Winsted, MN, including:
• herald-journal.com
• DasselCokato.com
• DelanoHeraldJournal.com
Our postal address is
PO Box 129, Winsted, MN 55395
Winsted, MN, 55395
We can be reached via e-mail at hj@heraldjournal.com or you can reach us by telephone at (320) 485-2535.
For each visitor to our Site, our web server may recognize the consumer's domain name and e-mail address.
We may collect the domain name and e-mail address (where possible) of visitors to our Site, the e-mail addresses of those who post messages to our bulletin board, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, the e-mail addresses of those who make postings to our chat areas, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations.
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Site, disclosed when legally required to do so, at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies Site our Site and applicable laws or to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our Website.
We may use cookies to record session information, such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address.
From time to time, we make the e-mail addresses of those who access our site available to other reputable organizations whose products or services we think you might find interesting. If you do not want us to share your e-mail address with other companies or organizations, please let us know by calling us at the number provided above or by sending us e-mail at the above address.
From time to time, we make our customer e-mail list available to other reputable organizations whose products or services we think you might find interesting. If you do not want us to share your e-mail address with other companies or organizations, please let us know by calling us at the number provided above or by sending us e-mail at the above address.
With respect to ad servers: to try and bring you offers that are of interest to you, we have relationships with other companies that we allow to place ads on our web pages. As a result of your visit to our site, ad server companies may collect information such as your domain type, your IP address and clickstream information. For further information, consult the privacy policies of:
http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
http://www.advertising.com/privacy_policy.php
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our web site to notify you of these changes and we will use for these new purposes only data collected from the time of the policy change forward. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our web site periodically.
Upon request, we provide site visitors with access to contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them.
Consumers can access this information by e-mail us at the above address.
Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information.
Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us e-mail at the above address.
We maintain and review our software and hardware on a regular basis, however, you must provide and are solely responsible for all hardware and/or software necessary to access the site. You assume the entire cost of and responsibility for any damage to, and all necessary maintenance, repair or correction of, that hardware and/or software.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number.
Special Topics | Site Map | Services | About | Contact | Local Government
Sister Newspapers: Dassel-Cokato Enterprise Dispatch & Delano Herald Journal
© Herald Journal Publishing, Inc.