http://www.chronicleonline.com/site/terms.html
Sections
Welcome, Guest
Sign Up
Log In
Dashboard
Logout
My Account
My Account
Dashboard
Profile
Saved items
Logout
Search
Home
Subscribe
Advertise
Contact Us
e-Edition
Email Sign Up
News
Coronavirus
Elections
2020 Amendments
Crystal River Council Race
Property Appraiser
Citrus County School Board District 2
Sheriff
Florida House of Representatives 34
U.S. House of Representatives 11
Local News
Search by reporter
Buster Thompson
Chris Bernhardt Jr.
Fred Hiers
Jeff Bryan
Matt Pfiffner
Matthew Beck
Michael D. Bates
Mike Wright
Nancy Kennedy
Business
Crime & Courts
e-Edition
Education
Hurricane Guide
Nation & World
State News
Good News
Obituaries
Sports
High School Sports
College Basketball
College Football
Pro Sports
Auto Racing
Major League Baseball
Tampa Sports Teams
Opinion
Columns
Editorials
Letters to the Editor
Sound Offs
Lifestyle
Community
Discover Citrus County
Food
Golden Years
Health
Home and Garden
Religion
Things to Do
Veterans
Announcements
Anniversaries
Births
Engagements
Weddings
Search
Events
Community Calendar
Diva 2020
Graduation
Healthcare Heroes
History-125 Years of the Chronicle
Nurses Appreciation
Student Athletic Recognition
Marketplace
Employment
Rental Finder
Wheels
Classifieds
Top Agent
Business Directory
Place an ad
Directories by Category
Contests
Public Notices
Updated 8/23/2018We've adopted a set of information management guidelines that serve as the basis for our customer and advertiser relationships. These guidelines have been developed with the recognition that internet technologies are rapidly evolving, as are underlying business models. We reserve the right to change these guidelines at any time. Any such changes will be posted on this page. These guidelines do not apply to the practices or entities that our newspaper's web site and its affiliates do not control or to individuals who are not under our control.The following privacy policies, terms and conditions apply to our newspaper and its web site and other web sites owned and operated by Landmark Community Newspapers, LLC based in Shelbyville, Kentucky. This policy statement does not apply to those companies' web sites; please refer to these affiliated sites to obtain information on their privacy policies.Your personal informationOur newspaper’s web site collects personally identifiable information (name, e-mail address, etc.) and/or demographic data (zip code, gender, interests, etc.) that you submit when you:- Order a subscription to our newspaper- Complete certain surveys- Register for a promotion or contest or sweepstakes- Send us an e-mail- Place a classified ad- Join a discussion board (you can opt out)- Comment on news stories you send to a friendThis information is encrypted and retained in a secure database, not on a Web site.We use this information to operate our newspaper’s web site services, to provide you with the highest quality service, and to offer you opportunities we think will be of interest to you. We may send e-mails about selected offers where we inform users about specific offers (from our newspaper’s web site and our advertising partners) that may be of interest to them.We will not disclose any personal information without your advance permission except when we believe the law requires us to do so, or when it is necessary to protect the rights or property of Landmark Community Newspapers, LLC. In order to describe our services to prospective partners, advertisers and others, we may disclose user information -- but only in an aggregate form. For example, we might disclose that a certain percentage of our users are male or within a certain age range.We accept credit-card transactions for the newspaper's subscription system. We do not take consumers' credit card information and forward it to third-party suppliers of ordered goods and services. Our newspaper may use the contact information that you provide to contact you about your account and/or to send you necessary information directly related to the good or service for which you have registered.SubscriptionsYour subscription includes 24/7 digital access to all content available online. All EZ Pay options require updated account information including an e-mail address to maintain an active EZ Pay account. Rates include state sales tax where applicable. Temporary suspension of your print newspaper delivery due to vacation and other reasons does not extend your subscription expiration date. *Your account will be subject to a surcharge for premium issues such as the Thanksgiving week issue and special guides/sections. Notification of the premium issue and surcharge amount will be noted in the newspaper on the day of publication and one issue prior. Your total bill will remain unafected but there will be a slight adjustment in your expiration date, unless you have elected the monthly EZ Pay option. The premium surcharge will be added to the regular monthly EZ Pay charge in the applicable months that include a premium issue. If you respond to any subscription promotions that you are not eligible for, we reserve the right to reject your order or prorate your subscription term using non-promotional rates. Your subscription expiration stop is not automatic. To stop, call customer service at your local newspaper office.SurveysOur newspaper's web site may occasionally use online surveys to ask visitors for feedback on our products and services as well as to collect contact information (such as e-mail addresses). We may use contact data from such surveys to send the user information about our company or to contact users when necessary. Users may choose not to recieve these future, direct communications by invoking the "opt-out procedures" set forth below.Children's privacyThe Children's Online Privacy Protection Act stipulates that Web site operators cannot knowingly collect information from children under age 13 without verifiable parental permission. Our newspaper’s web site respects the privacy of children, and does not seek children's participation in services that require registration. We strongly recommend that parents supervise their children's use of the Internet. We also encourage parents to instruct their children not to give out personal information in e-mail messages or forums.Opt-out proceduresFrom time to time, we may send you information about various goods and services. If you do not want to receive this information, you may send your unsubscribe request via e-mail to the address listed in the email you received.Correcting and updating your private informationThe information you provide to our web site may be stored by us for an indefinite time. However, please feel free to request a change or deletion of this information at any time by sending us an email.Usage trackingSome information about you is automatically collected via server logs. This information can include your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring URLs. We use this information to administer our Web site, help diagnose problems with our server, and to help identify you as a unique visitor to our site and to gather broad information about your site usage. However, in tracking these usage patterns, we do not match this information with a specific user's personally identifiable information.CookiesA "cookie" is a small text file that is placed in your browser and allows a Web site to recognize you each time you -- as an individual but not your identity -- visit its pages. Our web site uses cookies to track usage of the site. We never give out information to others about individual usage. This is the foundation of our privacy policy. We do provide our advertisers with aggregate information, such as: "100 users saw your advertisement today, and 50 of them clicked on it." We can tell how many users looked at a particular section, how often users come back, and what areas of the site people look at most often and least often.We may use an ad network provider to help present advertisements on this site. These ad network providers like other advertising service vendors, use cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies on the hard drive of your computer. In doing so, the provider collects non-personal data such as your browser type, your operating system, Web pages visited, time of visits, content viewed, ads viewed, and other click stream data. The use of cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies by these ad network providers is subject to their own privacy policies, not ours.SecurityThe security of the information that you provide our web site is very important to us. We use SSL encryption software to protect your data. However, our Web sites include links to other sites, and when you choose to visit those sites, you should determine their guidelines and privacy policies as we are not responsible, and we affirmatively disclaim any responsibility, for their privacy policies. We are not responsible, and we affirmatively disclaim responsibility, for the actions and policies of these third parties. We urge you to review the privacy policies of these parties when supplying personally identifiable information to them.Remember the risks whenever you use the InternetYou should know that when you voluntarily disclose personal information to the public on our web site and its affiliated sites (for example, in electronic forums, chat rooms and other public posting areas), that information can be collected and used by others and may result in unsolicited messages from other people. While we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot be responsible, and we affirmatively disclaim responsibility, for information that you choose to publicly disclose. Further, you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of any passwords or other account information.Our partners and other Internet sites or services that may be accessible through our newspaper’s web site have separate data and privacy practices that are independent of us, and we disclaim any responsibility or liability for their policies or actions. We encourage you to contact those sites directly if you have questions about their privacy policies.How to contact usFor any questions or comments regarding our privacy policy, you may contact us at our newspaper, or contact John Nelson, Editorial Director, Landmark Community Newspapers, LLC at jnelson@lcni.com.RegistrationDuring a free registration process prior to using the site, our newspaper’s require that you supply a unique Member ID, e-mail address, and some demographic information. You must agree to the terms of our member agreement, which follow.Legal AgreementBy using our newspaper’s online service (which is provided through our newspaper and its affiliated web sites, including, without limitation, other Landmark newspapers and their web sites) you indicate your consent to and acceptance of the terms of this Agreement. If you do not agree with the terms of this Agreement, you should terminate your use of the Online Service immediately. The Online Service is not intended for use by children under the age of 13. By using any Online Service web site, you represent that you are age 13 or over.This Agreement describes the legal relationship between you (referred to in this Agreement as "you" or "user") and Landmark Community Newspapers, LLC and its affiliates (referred to in this Agreement as "we or "us") relating to your use of any Online Service web site and to any content that you post, upload, or submit to the Online Service. Please read this document carefully.Copyright NoticeThe Online Service web sites are provided for your personal use only. Other than content that users submit in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, most of the material on the Online Service web sites, including graphics, text, design, buttons, logos, images, and icons, as well as the selection, assembly, and arrangement of the Online Service web sites, are the sole property of Landmark Community Newspapers, LLC and its affiliates. Users of the Online Service may not modify, reproduce, republish, or distribute any material from the Online Service web sites in any form without the prior written permission of Landmark Community Newspapers, LLC or the original copyright holder.User-Provided ContentYou acknowledge that the Online Service web sites include postings, messages, text, files, images, graphics, photos, audio clips, sounds, video or other materials (the " Content ") that have been submitted by third parties, including, without limitation, other users of the Online Service. You agree that we are a community forum and not a publisher with respect to the Content provided by third parties, and that we are not responsible for reviewing or editing any third party Content. Any opinions, advice, statements, services, offers or other information contained in third party Content are those of their respective authors or producers, and not of Landmark Community Newspapers, LLC or any of its affiliates, and we do not endorse or guarantee the accuracy of such Content.You may submit Content provided you do so in accordance with the Submission Rules below. You accept entire responsibility for all Content that you submit to, transmit through, link through, or otherwise make available through the Online Service. For all content that you submit to the Online Service, you agree to indemnify us as provided below.LicenseBy submitting Content to the Online Service, you grant us a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, nonexclusive right and license to use, copy, modify, display, archive, store, distribute, reproduce and create derivative works from such Content, in any form, media (print, electronic or otherwise), software or technology of any kind now existing or developed in the future.Representations and WarrantiesBy uploading or otherwise submitting any Content to the Online Service, you represent and warrant that (a) you own or otherwise have all necessary rights, including but not limited to copyrights, to the Content and have the right to use it as provided in this Agreement; (b) all information submitted by you is true, accurate, current and complete, and does not violate this Agreement; (c) you have the full right, power and authority to enter into and perform this Agreement, and have secured all third party consents, licenses, waivers and permissions necessary to enter into and perform this Agreement, including, without limitation, waivers of rights of privacy, publicity and personality from any third parties whose names, likenesses, photographs, animated portrayals, or actual or imitated voices are depicted in the Content ; (d) we shall not be required to make any payments with respect to the authorized use of any Content submitted by you, including, without limitation, any payments to you, third parties claiming through you or otherwise, publishers, rights agents, performance rights societies, persons who contributed to or whose names, likeness, photographs, animated portrayals or actual or imitated voices appear in such Content, your licensors, unions or guilds; and (e) the Content submitted by you will not (i) infringe upon or misappropriate any rights of others, including, without limitation, any copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets or other intellectual property rights, rights of publicity, rights of privacy, moral rights or any other proprietary rights of third parties, (ii) violate any applicable law, statute, ordinance or regulation, (iii) be defamatory, trade libelous, trademark disparaging, fraudulent, harassing, abusive, threatening, harmful, lewd, pornographic or obscene, (iv) disrupt, place unreasonable burdens or excessive loads on, interfere with or attempt to facilitate any unauthorized access to any portion of the Online Service web sites, their computer systems, servers or networks; (v) transmit junk mail, chain letters, or other unsolicited bulk e-mail, spam or duplicative messages to other users of the Online Service web sites; (vi) collect information about other users of the Online Service web sites without their consent or otherwise systematically extract data or data fields, including, without limitation, any financial data or e-mail addresses, from the Online Service web sites or our computer systems; or (vii) contain any viruses, trojan horses, time bombs or other programming routines or elements that detrimentally interfere with computer systems or data. You agree that, upon request, you will provide us with evidence, in a form and format reasonably acceptable to us, indicating that the Content submitted by you complies with the foregoing warranties.IndemnityTo the full extent permitted by law, you agree to indemnify and hold us harmless from and against any and all claims, suits, liabilities, obligations, damages, injuries, penalties, fines, losses, costs and expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys' fees) arising out of, resulting from or related to any breach of the foregoing representations and warranties. This obligation shall survive the termination of this Agreement for any reason. This right of indemnity does not extend to such claims, suits, liabilities, obligations, damagers, injuries, penalties, fines, losses, costs and expenses which arise out of the sole negligence of Landmark Community Newspapers, LLC, its affiliates, and employees.Take-Down PolicyThe Online Service web sites include weblogs, forums, photo galleries and other interactive areas in which users can express opinions and share ideas and information. We cannot and do not monitor all of the material submitted to the Online Service. Additionally, we do not control, and are not responsible for, Content submitted by users.By using the Online Service web sites, you may be exposed to Content that you may find offensive, indecent, inaccurate, misleading, or otherwise objectionable. You agree that you must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with, the use of the Online Service web sites and any Content on the Online Service web sites, including, but not limited to, whether you should rely on such Content.Notwithstanding the foregoing, you acknowledge that we shall have the right (but not the obligation) to review any Content that you have submitted to the Online Service, and to reject, delete, disable, or remove any Content that we determine, in our sole discretion, (a) does not comply with the terms and conditions of this Agreement; (b) might violate any law, infringe upon the rights of third parties, or subject us to liability for any reason; or (c) might adversely affect our public image, reputation or goodwill. Moreover, we reserve the right to reject, delete, disable, or remove any Content at any time, for the reasons set forth above, for any other reason.If you believe that any Content on any of the Online Service web sites infringes upon any copyrights that you own, please contact us pursuant to the procedures outlined in the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (Title 17 U.S.C. § 512) at the following address:Copyright AgentLandmark Community Newspapers, LLCJohn Nelson, Editorial Director601 Taylorsville RdShelbyville, KY 40065Disclaimer of WarrantiesYOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE ONLINE SERVICE WEB SITES IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. WE MAKE NO WARRANTY THAT THE ONLINE SERVICE WEB SITES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, SECURE OR ERROR-FREE. ALL CONTENT, INFORMATION, AND OTHER MATERIAL ON THE ONLINE SERVICE WEB SITES IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE." WE MAKE NO ENDORSEMENTS, GUARANTEES, OR REPRESENTATIONS, AND ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, ARE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ACCURACY OF INFORMATION CONTENT, NON-INFRINGEMENT, TIMELINESS, AUTHORITY, COMPLETENESS, USEFULNESS, RELIABILITY, AVAILABILITY OF THE SUBSTANCE OF ANY CONTENT, INFORMATION, OR OTHER MATERIAL ON THE ONLINE SERVICE WEB SITE.Limitation of LiabilityYOU AGREE THAT WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE ONLINE SERVICE WEB SITES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION), WHETHER BASED ON BREACH OF CONTRACT, BREACH OF WARRANTY, TORT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE, OR FOR ANY CLAIM MADE AGAINST YOU BY ANY OTHER PARTY, WHETHER ARISING FROM MISTAKES, OMISSIONS, INTERRUPTIONS, DELETION OF FILES OR E-MAILS, ERRORS, DEFECTS, VIRUSES OR OTHER MALICIOUS CODE, DELAYS IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION, OR ANY FAILURE OF PERFORMANCE, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. YOU ALSO AGREE THAT UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL WE BE LIABLE IN ANY WAY FOR ANY CONTENT OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS A RESULT OF THE USE OF ANY CONTENT SUBMITTED, POSTED, EMAILED OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE VIA THE ONLINE SERVICE.Submission RulesYou agree not to submit Content:- That is unlawful, pornographic, defamatory, libelous, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, or invasive of another's privacy, or harms minors in any way;- That harasses, degrades, intimidates or is hateful toward an individual or group of individuals on the basis of religion, gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnicity, age, or disability;- That falsely claims to be submitted by another person or entity, or falsely states or otherwise misrepresents your affiliation with another person or entity;- That includes personal or identifying information about another person, or uses the name or likeness of another person for commercial purposes, without that person's explicit consent;- That infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights of any party, or Content that you do not have a right to make available under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships;- That is false, fraudulent, deceptive, misleading, deceitful, misinformative or uses "bait-and-switch" tactics;- That constitutes or contains "junk mail," "spam," "chain letters," "pyramid schemes," unsolicited commercial advertisement, "affiliate marketing," or "link referral code";- That constitutes or contains any form of advertising or solicitation if (1) posted in areas which are not designated for such purposes; or (2) emailed to Online Service web site users who have requested not to be contacted about other services, products or commercial interests;- That advertises any illegal services or the sale of any items the sale of which is prohibited or restricted by applicable law, including, without limitation, items the sale of which is prohibited or regulated by Kentucky law or the laws of the state of our newspapers;- That contains software viruses, worms, trojan horses, or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment;- That disrupts the operation of any of the Online Service web sites with an excessive number of messages (flooding attack) to such web sites, or that otherwise negatively affects other users' ability to use such web sites; or- That employs misleading email addresses, or forged headers or otherwise manipulated identifiers in order to disguise the origin of Content.Additionally, you agree not to:- Contact anyone who has asked not to be contacted or otherwise "stalk" or harass anyone;- Collect personal data about other users for commercial or unlawful purposes;- Use automated means, including scripts, spiders, robots, crawlers, data mining tools, or the like to download data from or upload data to any of the Online Service web sites; or- Attempt to gain unauthorized access to our computer system or to any other user's computer systems, or engage in any activity that disrupts, diminishes the quality of, interferes with the performance of, or impairs the functionality of, any of the Online Service web sites.Finally, you agree that regardless of your location any disputes arising out of the your use of the Online Service shall be prosecuted in the Circuit Court for the City of Shelbyville, Kentucky or the city of our newspaper you were using, or the United States District Court for Kentucky.Right to Reject AdvertisingWe reserve the right to edit, revise or reject any advertising. Individuals/Companies and other customers of our newspapers accept full legal responsibility for the content of the listings on the web site and agree to indemnify and harmless Host against any loss, damage, cost and expense (including, without limitation, attorneys' fees) which Host may incur, or become liable for, by reason of any and all claims or actions for libel, violation of any right of privacy, plagiarism, copyright infringement, and any and all other claims of any kind or nature in connection with advertising matter published pursuant to the Agreement.Force MajeureHost shall have no liability whatsoever in the event any act of God, or governmental authority, labor dispute; war (whether or not declared), terrorism, civil disobedience, riot, or other occurrences beyond its control shall in any way restrict or prevent the maintenance of our newspapers.CopyrightYou may download a single copy of the materials on this site for your own, noncommercial use. Content on our newspaper’s site may not be reproduced, modified, displayed, sold, distributed or used for public or commercial purpose or in any other way. All content on the site, including the resume databases and job listings, is the sole property of our newspaper and is protected by U.S. copyright and international treaties. Persons and entities accessing this site are prohibited from copying or adapting the HTML code used to generate Web pages or manipulating, deciphering, disseminating or reverse engineering any software that will compromise this site.BillingOur newspapers reserve the right to remove advertising if an arrangement for the billing process has not been met within a 24-hours period of posting.Registration and PasswordYou are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your information and password. You shall be responsible for all uses of your registration, whether or not authorized by you. You agree to immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your registration or password.The Company's LiabilityThe information on this web site may contain typographical errors or other inaccuracies. The web site may be down from time to time. Our newspaper makes no representations about the accuracy, reliability, completeness, or timeliness of the web site, access to the web site, links or the information on the web site. Your use of the web site and the information contained therein is at your sole risk.You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for the form, content and accuracy of any posting (including all information contained therein) placed by you on the web site.LANDMARK COMMUNITY NEWSPAPERS, LLC AND OUR NEWSPAPER DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE WEB SITE WILL OPERATE ERROR-FREE OR THAT THE WEB SITE AND ITS SERVER ARE FREE OF COMPUTER VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL DEVICES. THE WEB SITE, ACCESS TO THE WEB SITE AND THE INFORMATION ON THE WEB SITE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" . LANDMARK COMMUNITY NEWSPAPERS, LLC AND OUR NEWSPAPER DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING THE WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.The aggregate liability of Landmark Community Newspapers, LLC and our newspapers to any person for all claims arising from the use of the web site or the information contained therein is limited to the total sum of money such person paid to our newspaper for use of the web site and related services during the 90 days immediately preceding the event that gives rise to the claim.Disclaimer of Consequential DamagesIN NO EVENT SHALL LANDMARK COMMUNITY NEWSPAPERS, LLC AND OUR NEWSPAPER’S, ITS SUPPLIERS, OR ANY THIRD PARTIES MENTIONED ON THE WEB SITE BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS, OR DAMAGES RESULTING FROM LOST DATA OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE WEB SITE AND THE INFORMATION CONTAINED THEREIN, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT OUR WEB SITE IS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.Links to Other SitesThe web site may contain links to third party web sites. These links are provided solely as a convenience to you and not as an endorsement by our newspaper of the contents on such third-party web sites. Landmark Community Newspapers, LLC and our newspaper’s are not responsible for the content of linked third-party sites and do not make any warranty or representation regarding the content or accuracy of materials on such third-party web sites.TerminationLandmark Community Newspapers, LLC and our newspaper reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to terminate your registration, delete any or all of your postings, or block access to the web site and/or any other service to you by our newspaper’s and we take such action, with or without notice, and without any liability to the account holder or user.IndemnityYou agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Landmark Community Newspapers, LLC and our newspaper’s, its shareholders, directors, officers, employees, agents and representatives, from and against any claims, actions or demands, including without limitation reasonable legal and expert witness fees, alleging or directly or indirectly resulting from your use of the web site or your breach of the terms or conditions contained herein. Landmark Community Newspapers and/or our newspaper shall provide notice to you promptly of any such claim, suit, or proceeding and shall have the option to defend such claim with its selected counsel or assist you, at your expense, in defending any such claim, suit or proceeding.Prohibited UsesThis Site is not intended for use by persons located within the European Economic Area (EEA). We do not request or accept personal information concerning or supplied by persons who are located within the EEA at the time they access this Site. If you have accessed this Site from within the EEA, you should immediately discontinue your use. If you have supplied personal information to us in violation of this provision, whether through the registration of new user accounts or otherwise, please contact us at advertising@chronicleonline.comLandmark Community Newspapers, LLC and our newspapers have the right to modify these terms and conditions any time.
Featured Businesses
Insurance Den
5447 S Oakridge Dr, Homosassa, FL 34448
352-628-2331
Website
Langley Health Services
Dental Service
314 S Line Avenue, Inverness, FL 34452
352-419-4691
Website
Keller Williams Realty
Christopher Reeves
105 W Main Street, Inverness, FL 34450
352-287-9695
Website
Triple-C System
352-795-0178
Website
Edward Jones
Ed Gruber, CFP
9469 South Suncoast Blvd, Homosassa, FL 34446
352-382-0286
Website
Macrae's Of Homosassa Inc
Bait
5300 S Cherokee Way, Homosassa, FL 34448
352-628-2602
Website
City Of Inverness
Farmers Market
286 N. Apopka Ave., Inverness, FL 34450
352-726-3913
Website
A-1 Title Of The National Coast Inc.
Inverness
508 W Main Street, Inverness, FL 34450
352-563-2727
Website
Radio Shack / Batteries Etc.
Inverness
1027 Norvell Bryant Highway, Hernando, FL 34442
352-419-8842
Website
Senica Air Conditioning
Crystal River
1803 SE US-19, Crystal River, FL 34429
866-236-7419
Website
LifeStream Behavioral Center
Crystal River Outpatient Services
1554 N. Meadowcrest Boulevard, Crystal River, FL 34429
352-228-4470
Website
Goldiggers And Gunslingers
2416 Highway 44 W, Inverness, FL 34453
352-341-4867
Website
Suncrest Omni Home Health
Crystal River
914 N Suncoast Boulevard, Crystal River, FL 34429
352-628-4900
Website
Citrus Cardiology Consultants
Crystal River
5606 W Norvell Bryant Highway, Crystal River, FL 34429
352-795-9266
Website
The Hagar Group
Crystal River
2121 S.E. Hwy. 19, Crystal River, FL 34429
352-292-8215
Website
Citrus County Health Department
Citrus County
3700 West Sovereign Path , Lecanto, FL 34461
352-527-0068
Website
K2 Home Solutions
Unity Of Citrus County
Lecanto
2628 W Woodview Lane, Lecanto, FL 34461
352-746-1270
Website
Key 1 Realty Inc
Carole Lister
8015 S Suncoast Blvd, Homosassa, FL 34446
352-422-4620
Website
Aegis Medical Group LLC
Carlene Wilson / Internal Medicine & Pediatric Wellness Center
6038 W Nordling Loop, Crystal River,
34429
352-563-5070
Website
Lakeside Golf & Country Club
4555 E Windmill Drive, Inverness, FL 34453
352-726-1461
Website
Nature Coast RV
9800 N Citrus Avenue, Crystal River, FL 34428
352-364-9057
Website
Church Of Christ
Floral City
8599 E Marvin Street, Floral City, FL 34436
352-726-2965
Website
Meek Real Estate
1566 N Meadowcrest Boulevard, Crystal River , FL 34429
352-364-4132
Website
Citrus County Chamber Of Commerce
Inverness
106 W Main Street, Inverness, FL 34450
352-726-2801
Website
Hunter Springs Kayaks
36 Northeast 4th Street, Crystal River, FL 34429
352-228-4715
Website
The Cotton Club
626 N Citrus Avenue, Crystal River, FL 34428
352-563-2582
Website
Breakfast Station
Homosassa #5
7781 S Suncoast Blvd, Homosassa, FL 34446
352-503-2031
Website
Ira Fialko Pediatrics
6171 W Gulf To Lake Highway, Crystal River, FL 34429
352-563-0220
Website
Two Guys From Italy Sports Lounge
5792 S Suncoast Blvd., Homosassa, FL 34446
352-628-6955
Pinecone's Ice Cream Parlor
106 N Pine Ave, Inverness, FL 34450
352-419-4187
Fresh Scent LLC
561-317-2129
Website
North Oak Baptist Church
9324 N Elkcam Boulevard, Citrus Springs, FL 34433
352-489-1688
Website
Back2Bright
6938 W Grover Cleveland Boulevard, Homosassa, FL 34446
352-445-4840
Website
Baskin Robbins
Homosassa Wal-Mart
6885 S Suncoast Boulevard, Homosassa, FL 34446
352-621-3002
Website
Personal Computer Services of Sugarmill Woods
16 Calendula Court E, Sugarmill Woods, FL 34446
352-942-7494
Website
Johnny Cakes and Steaks
859 S US Highway 41, Inverness, FL 34450
352-765-3326
Website
Abundant Life Christian Fellowship
4515 N Tallahassee Road, Crystal River, FL 34428
352-795-5433
Website
Connor's Gifts
218 Tompkins Street, Inverness, FL 34450
352-344-9790
Website
Advanced Family Hearing Aid Center
Crystal River
2027 N Donovan Avenue, Crystal River, FL 34428
352-436-8148
Website
Find a local business
Online Poll
Polls indicate approximately 50% of the U.S. population would not get the COVID-19 vaccine when it becomes available to the public. How do you feel about getting the vaccine?
You voted:
A. Not in a month of Sundays.
B. Rather take my chances and roll the dice.
C. Plan to wait and see.
D. One of the first in line.
E. Sign me up now.
Vote
View Results
Back
Most read stories
Articles
Images
Videos
Commented
ArticlesHomosassa woman charged with sexual batteryAuthorities investigate fatal attack at county jailCrystal River man arrested for deadly attack against inmateMystery surrounds military grave markers found under shed at Citrus County homeAlleged home invader curses at judge, attorneys during court hearingCOVID-19 cases in Citrus County pass 5,000; jail infections plateauFarewell to a Crystal River iconHernando man charged with cruelty to animalsFive-year-old combating homelessness one glass of lemonade at a timeFire rescue battles blaze
Images
Videos
CommentedCitrus County's COVID-19 cases break 4,000; averages almost 50 infections a day (4)The future filled with
females (2)Trump may be coming to terms with loss he won't acknowledge (2)Grief, anger, disbelief: Trump voters face Biden's victory (2)Black Lives Matter flag becomes issue in Florida community (1)Public safety pros address the pandemic (1)Out the Window l Time to make a difference in Citrus County (1)Idaho health board meeting halted after 'intense protests' (1)Citrus County Mugshots Nov. 12, 2020 (1)I still do not understand (1)
Sign up for our Email Newsletter
For Email Marketing you can trust
© Copyright 2020 chronicleonline.com, 1624 N. Meadowcrest Blvd.
Crystal River, FL | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.