http://www.nuj.org.uk/privacy/cookies/
Privacy notice
This site makes use of cookies. If you
continue we'll assume you are happy to receive them.
Continue
Read our cookie policy
Winning for you at work
Username
Password
Menu
Home
About
News
Events
Work
Where
Rights
Campaigns
Contacts
HomePrivacy PolicyCookies
Cookies
This site does not use cookies to collect personally identifiable information about you.
However, if you wish to restrict or block cookies which are set as a result of visiting this website, or indeed any other website, you can do this with your browser settings. The Help menu within your browser should tell you how to do this. Useful information about cookies and how to control them on a wide variety of browsers can be found at the About Cookies website.
Please be aware that restricting cookies may impact on the functionality of this website.This site uses a limited number of third party suppliers to provide specific functionality and these cookies are included in the list below. Further information on the nature of the information collected and the options you have to control these are provided as links in this list.
Cookie NamePurpose
JSESSIONID
Used to store a unique random identifier for each visit to this website. No other information is written to this cookie on your computer/device. This cookie is required by the webserver software to remember certain settings such as whether you have logged into the site. This cookie is destroyed each time you close your browser and all information stored against this unique identifier is automatically deleted from the server 30 minutes after your last access of the web-site. This cookie is essential to ensure that all web-site functionality is available to you
Google User TrackingNIDSNID
Set by a number of Google services and libraries to store any user-preferences and to track users from site to site. As this cookie is set by a third party system it is impossible for us to specify under exactly which conditions it is set, but it appears to be set when the user views a page containing any one of a number of Google services (including ReCAPTCHA, embedded Google Maps and the like), and expires after six months.
Google User TrackingPREF
Set by a number of Google services and libraries to store any user-preferences and to track users from site to site. As this cookie is set by a third party system it is impossible for us to specify under exactly which conditions it is set, but it appears to be set when the user views a page containing any one of a number of Google services (including ReCAPTCHA, embedded Google Maps and the like), and expires after two years.
Google Analytics_utma__utmb__utmc__utmz
The website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. Google Analytics sets cookies in order to evaluate your use of the website and compile reports for us on activity on the site.Google stores the information collected by the cookie on servers in the United States. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. By using the website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.More information on Google analytics cookies is available here.Information on how to reject or delete this cookie is available here
Twitter
Twitter guest_id
Set by Twitter when the user views a page containing the Twitter profile widget (lists of recent tweets, etc). As this cookie is set by a third party system it is impossible for us to specify under exactly which conditions it is set, but it appears to expire exactly two years after it is first se
Twitter
orginal_referer_twitter_sess
Set by Twitter when the user views a page containing the Twitter profile widget (lists of recent tweets, etc). As this cookie is set by a third party system it is impossible for us to specify under exactly which conditions it is set, but it appears to expire after you close your browser.
Twitter
K
Set by Twitter when the user views a page containing the Twitter profile widget (lists of recent tweets, etc). As this cookie is set by a third party system it is impossible for us to specify under exactly which conditions it is set, but it appears to expire after one week.
You Tube
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
Set by Youtube videos embedded into pages (included in WSIWYG content by site admins). As this cookie is set by a third party system it is impossible for us to specify under exactly which conditions it is set, but it appears to be set when viewing a page with embedded Youtube videos on it, and expires after approximately nine months after the date it’s first set.
You Tube
PREF
Set by Youtube to store user-preferences relating to Youtube videos embedded into pages. As this cookie is set by a third party system it is impossible for us to specify under exactly which conditions it is set, but it appears to be set when playing an embedded Youtube video (not merely viewing the page), and expires as soon as your browser is closed
You Tube
USE_HITBOX
Set by Youtube relating to Youtube videos embedded into pages. As this cookie is set by a third party system it is impossible for us to specify under exactly which conditions it is set, but it appears to be set when viewing a page with an embedded Youtube video (not merely playing the video), and expires as soon as your browser is closed.
TINY MCE
TinyMCE_*_size
Set by TinyMCE WYSIWYG editor (eg, in the admin system) when a user resizes the WYSIWYG editor pane, to remember how large the user would like their WYSIWYG editor pane in future. Expires as soon as you close your browser.
Share this
Facebook
Tweet this
Linkedin
Del.icio.us
Digg
reddit
StumbleUpon
Print
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+
National Union of Journalists
72 Acton Street
London
WC1X 9NB
Tel: 020 7843 3700
Fax: 020 7837 8143
Home
Important information
Press area
Contact us
Terms & conditions
Sitemap
Accessibility
Privacy
Cookies
Website developed by netXtra
© 2020 National Union of Journalists
Request took 95ms