http://www.bucyrustelegraphforum.com/story/news/2020/08/18/help-build-stronger-bucyrus-through-community-thrives/3390390001/
Help build a stronger Bucyrus through A Community ThrivesBucyrus Telegraph-ForumView Comments BUCYRUS - The Bucyrus Telegraph Forum and its parent company, Gannett, are committed to helping build stronger communities.As part of Gannett’s USA TODAY Network, the Bucyrus Telegraph Forum will help build stronger communities through a grant and crowdfunding program called A Community Thrives.The program is part of the Gannett Foundation, the philanthropic arm of Gannett, and it supports nonprofit organizations’ leading projects focused on community building and has distributed nearly $6.7 million since 2017.Nonprofit community groups can apply now for the program at act.usatoday.com.The program is an extension of the company’s mission to enrich our communities by encouraging our readers and constituents to connect, act and work together to help our communities thrive.A Community Thrives offers the opportunity for nonprofit organizations to seek one of 16 national grants or one of hundreds of local grants that will be made across the country.Applications will be accepted this week through Sept. 11. The fundraising phase will be from Sept. 21 to Oct. 16. A review of the applications to select grant recipients will happen from Oct. 17 to Nov. 30. And grant recipients will be announced in early December.The top national grant is worth $100,000, and three of those will be awarded, along with seven $50,000 grants and six $25,000 grants.Recipients of the national and local operating grants will be required to meet Gannett Foundation selection criteria, which includes meeting a minimum local fundraising goal.The fundraising component of the program offers you the opportunity to donate to your favorite participating nonprofits and help them reach the goals that could help position them to receive A Community Thrives grant.Nonprofit applicants also have the opportunity to receive one of six Top Fundraiser grants awarded to a participating nonprofit that raises the most money online during the campaign, and one of 32 weekly bonuses awarded to participating nonprofits that win a weekly bonus challenge.Eligible applicants include registered 501(c)3 organizations (most nonprofits), municipal programs or entities such as libraries and public schools, and fiscally sponsored programs, which are individuals or programs partnered with a registered 501(c)3 organization.Examples of 2019 grant recipients include Adopt A Class foundation in Cincinnati, which received $15,000. The organization connects businesses and civic groups with students in economically challenged schools. “By pairing teams with individual classrooms, our adult mentors expose the students to a breadth of experiences and training to be job and career ready,” says the nonprofit’s website.Also in Cincinnati, a $20,000 grant went to Lydia’s House, which provides housing for women and their young children. The shelter has space for four women and up to six of their children. Women must be pregnant or have at least one child under the age of 5, and priority is given to women between the ages of 18 and 24.The Nashville Launch Pad in Tennessee received one of the $100,000 national grants.Launch Pad is “a ‘street-free sleep' initiative, fueled by a collective of concerned citizens within the LGBTQ and allied community, which strives to provide open and affirming safer sleeping shelters for homeless youth,” according to the group's website.View Comments