http://www.timesunion.com/help/
Help: Contact Us
I Would Like To ...
Contact the Times Union
Subscribe to the Times Union
Place a classified ad
E-mail a Times Union employee
Know the paper's postal address
Call the Times Union by telephone
Send a letter to the editor
Place an obituary
Arrange a tour of the Times Union
About the Website
Site Index
Advertise on Timesunion.com
Terms of service
Privacy policy
Copyright and reprint policy
Set up a link to our site
Timesunion.com FAQ
About the Newspaper
Advertise in the Times Union
Get home delivery
Community relations
Classroom Enrichment
Times Union FAQ
Where to buy the Times Union
CONTACT INFORMATION
Mailing Address: Box 15000, News Plaza, Albany NY 12212.
Main phone: (518) 454-5694
E-mail: To contact any employee by e-mail, use the initial letter of the first name and all letters of the last name at timesunion.com. For example: John Doe's e-mail would be jdoe@timesunion.com.
HOME DELIVERY
Subscribe: Get the Times Union delivered to your home.
E-Edition: Get the Times Union delivered to your PC.
Service inquiries: For delivery problems, vacation starts/stops, account information and other inquiries, call 518-454-5454 or visit our Subscriber Services site. Live reps are available:
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Friday: 8 a.m.-4 p.m.
Thursday: 6 a.m.-4 p.m.
Saturday: Closed
Sunday: 8 a.m.-11:30 a.m.
Billing inquiries: If you have a specific billing question, please visit www.timesunion.com/billingquestions. Once you complete the form, someone will get back to you within two business days.
Additional contacts:
Todd Peterson, vice president of circulation: tpeterson@timesunion.com
Dan DeNault, home delivery service specialist: ddenault@timesunion.com
Shelly Chartrand, customer service manager: schartrand@timesunion.com
ADVERTISING
Classified ads: To place an ad, call 518-454-5000 or use our online form.
Display ads, in print and online: Call 518-454-5588 or see our advertising guide.
Questions about your bill: Call our business office at 518-454-5595.
JOBS
Job seekers: Find a job or post your resume in our Jobs section.
Job recruiters: Post a job listing in our Jobs section.
Inquiries: For problems using our Jobs site or to report errors in a listing, contact Marcy Rollis at 518-454-5550 or mrollis@timesunion.com.
REAL ESTATE
Sell your home: List your home in print and online via our online form.
Inquiries: For problems using our Real Estate site or to report errors in a listing, contact Jeff Kiley at 454-5358 or jkiley@timesunion.com.
AUTOS
Buy/sell a car: Search our Autos section and place an ad to sell your car.
Inquiries: For problems or inquiries about our Autos site, contact Jeff Kiley at 518-454-5358 or jkiley@timesunion.com.
COMMUNITY RELATIONS
Community Relations Manager: For information on the Times Union’s role in the community, including charitable donations and advertising grants, contact Charmaine Ushkow, community relations manager, at cushkow@timesunion.com.
THE TIMES UNION HOPE FUND
To help: Check out http://www.timesunion.com/hopefund to discover ways to support after-school and summer programs for homeless and poor children.
CELEBRATIONS
To submit an engagement, wedding or anniversary announcement, call 518-454-5090, or fill out our online form.
OBITUARIES
To place an obit or memoriam, call 518-454-5085 or e-mail tuobit@timesunion.com.
LEADERSHIP
Publisher, CEO: George R. Hearst III,
ghearst@timesunion.com
NEWS EXECUTIVES
Vice President and Editor: Rex Smith,
rsmith@timesunion.com
Online Executive Producer: Trudi Shaffer,
tshaffer@timesunion.com
Managing Editor: Casey Seiler,
cseiler@timesunion.com
Editorial Page Editor: Jay Jochnowitz,
jjochnowitz@timesunion.com
Senior Editor, Features: Gary Hahn,
ghahn@timesunion.com
Senior Editor, News: Lisa Robert Lewis,
llewis@timesunion.com
Senior Editor, Engagement: Tena Tyler,
ttyler@timesunion.com
State and Investigations Editor: Brendan Lyons,
blyons@timesunion.com
BUSINESS EXECUTIVES
Vice President of Operations and Integrated Services: Dan Couto,
dcouto@timesunion.com
Vice President of Advertising: Tom Eason,
teason@timesunion.com
Vice President of Circulation: Todd Peterson,
tpeterson@timesunion.com
Chief Financial Officer: Kimberly Holland,
kholland@timesunion.com
Director of Cross-Media Business Development: Patti Hart,
pahart@timesunion.com
Director of Human Resources: Ruth Fantasia,
rfantasia@timesunion.com
Director of Engineering and Technical Services: Brad Calhoun,
bcalhoun@timesunion.com
NEWSPAPER
CALENDAR LISTINGS
Submission guidelines, in print and online: See our calendar listings page.
READER REPRESENTATIVE
A senior editor is available to discuss questions or comments about our content. Call 454-5432 or e-mail
tureaderrep@timesunion.com.
NEWSROOM
To send a news tip, suggest story coverage or submit news of your community, contact our editors at:
Local News: tucitydesk@timesunion.com.
Sports: tusports@timesunion.com.
Features editor: Gary Hahn, ghahn@timesunion.com.
State and investigations editor: Brendan Lyons, blyons@timesunion.com.
Sports editor: Bill Douglas, bdouglas@timesunion.com.
Business editor: Eric Anderson, eanderson@timesunion.com.
Staff writers: Find contact information for and the latest stories, blog posts, tweets and status updates from individual authors
CORRECTIONS
To notify us about a story error, contact the appropriate newsroom department above and put Correction in the subject line.
OPINION/PERSPECTIVE
Letters to the Editor: Submit your letter for publication in print and online.
Editorials and commentary: Send submissions to tucommentary@timesunion.com. For comments and questions, contact Jay Jochnowitz at jjochnowitz@timesunion.com.
PHOTO REPRINTS
To order prints of Times Union staff photographs that appeared in print or online, visit our Online Store. To request a photo be posted in the Online Store, or for comments and suggestions, e-mail onlinestore@timesunion.com.
TIMESUNION.COM
WEBSITE PROBLEMS
For tech support or to send feedback or suggestions: webmaster@timesunion.com.
ARCHIVES
For help searching our online archives, call 518-454-5694 or write to webmaster@timesunion.com and put Archives Help in the subject line.
BLOGS
To read posts and add comments, visit http://www.timesunion.com/blogs. If you have concerns about a blog issue, write to sfromma@timesunion.com and put Times Union Blogs in the subject line.
LINKING TO TIMESUNION.COM
You may post links on your website to content on timesunion.com. To obtain permission to copy and place our content on your site, write to webmaster@timesunion.com and put Permission Request in the subject line.
Cars
Get a new set of wheels
Drive off with the best car deals around: Search for a car | Place an Ad
Jobs
Start a new career
Make the right connection: Find a job | Tips on interviews, writing resumes | How much are you worth?
Real Estate
Find the home of your dreams
Real estate listings | Sell your home | Apartment search | Open houses