http://www.varsity.co.uk/terms-of-use
Menu
NewsFeaturesOpinionInterviewsScienceLifestyleArtsFashionFilm & TVMusicTheatreSportVioletVideo & Podcasts Shop
Write for us
Menu
NewsFeaturesOpinionInterviewsScienceLifestyleCulture
Arts
Fashion
Film & TV
Music
Theatre
SportVioletVideo & Podcasts
Shop
Varsity Online Terms of Use
By using Varsity Online you agree to be legally bound by these terms, which shall take effect immediately on your first use of Varsity Online. If you do not agree to be legally bound by all the following terms please do not access and/or use Varsity Online.
Varsity may change these terms at any time by posting changes online. Please review these terms regularly to ensure you are aware of any changes made by the Varsity. Your continued use of Varsity Online after changes are posted means you agree to be legally bound by these terms as updated and/or amended.
Use of Varsity Online
You may not copy, reproduce, republish, download, post, broadcast, transmit or otherwise use Varsity Online content in any way except for your own personal, non-commercial use. You also agree not to adapt, alter or create a derivative work from any Varsity Online content except for your own personal, non-commercial use. Any other use of Varsity Online content requires the prior written permission of Varsity Publications Ltd.
You agree to use Varsity Online only for lawful purposes, and in a way that does not infringe the rights of, restrict or inhibit anyone else's use and enjoyment of Varsity Online. Prohibited behaviour includes harassing or causing distress or inconvenience to any person, transmitting obscene or offensive content or disrupting the normal flow of dialogue within Varsity Online.
We allow you access to the registration areas of the site on the basis that:
5.1
your email address and password are personal to you and may not be used by anyone else to access Varsity Online;
5.2
you will not do anything, which would assist anyone who is not a registered user to gain access to any registration area of Varsity Online;
5.3
you do not maliciously create additional registration accounts for the purpose of abusing the functionality of the site, or other users; nor do you seek to pass yourself off as another user.
If, for any reason, we believe that you have not complied with these requirements, we may, at our discretion, cancel your access to the registration areas of Varsity Online immediately and without giving you any advance notice.
Disclaimers and Limitation of Liability
Varsity Online content, including the information, names, images, pictures, logos and icons regarding or relating to Varsity, its products and services (or to third party products and services), is provided "AS IS" and on an "IS AVAILABLE" basis without any representations or any kind of warranty made (whether express or implied by law), including the implied warranties of satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, compatibility, security and accuracy.
Varsity Publications Ltd will not be liable for any damages, including indirect or consequential damages, or any damages arising from use or loss of use, data or profits, whether in contract, negligence or other tortious action, arising from or in connection with the use of Varsity Online.
Varsity Publications Ltd does not warrant that functions contained in Varsity Online content will be uninterrupted or error free, that defects will be corrected, or that Varsity Online or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or bugs.
Advertising
You will see advertising material submitted by third parties on Varsity Online. Individual advertisers are solely responsible for the content of advertising material that they submit to us, including ensuring that it complies with relevant legislation. Varsity Online accepts no responsibility for the content of advertising material, including, without limitation, any error, omission or inaccuracy therein.
Intellectual Property
The names, images and logos identifying Varsity or third parties and their products and services are subject to copyright, design rights and trade marks of the Varsity and/or third parties. Nothing contained in these terms shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel or otherwise any licence or right to use any trademark, patent, design right or copyright of Varsity or any other third party.
All stories displayed on Varsity Online remain the copyright of Varsity Publications Ltd. No part of this content my be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted in any form or by any means, without the proper written permission of the Varsity Publications Ltd.
Contributions to Varsity Online
Where you are invited to submit any contribution to Varsity Online (including any listings, text, photographs, graphics, video or audio) you agree, by submitting your contribution, to grant Varsity Publications Ltd a perpetual, royalty-free, non-exclusive, sub-licenseable right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform, play, and exercise all copyright and publicity rights with respect to your contribution worldwide and/or to incorporate your contribution in other works in any media now known or later developed for the full term of any rights that may exist in your contribution, and in accordance with privacy restrictions set out in the Varsity Online Privacy Policy. We may also remove your contribution at any time at our strict discretion. If you do not want to grant to Varsity Publications Ltd the rights set out above, please do not submit your contribution to Varsity Online.
Further to paragraph 13, by submitting your contribution to Varsity Online, you:
13.1
warrant that your contribution;
13.1.1
is your own original work and that you have the right to make it available to Varsity Publications Ltd for all the purposes specified above;
13.1.2
is not defamatory; and
13.1.3
does not infringe any law; and
13.2
indemnify Varsity Publications Ltd against all legal fees, damages and other expenses that may be incurred by Varsity Publications Ltd as a result of your breach of the above warranty; and
13.3
waive any moral rights in your contribution for the purposes of its submission to and publication on Varsity Online and the purposes specified above.
General
If any of these terms are determined to be illegal, invalid or otherwise unenforceable by reason of the laws of any state or country in which these terms are intended to be effective, then to the extent and within the jurisdiction in which that term is illegal, invalid or unenforceable, it shall be severed and deleted from these terms and the remaining terms shall survive, remain in full force and effect and continue to be binding and enforceable.
These terms shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of England and Wales.