http://www.pal-item.com/story/news/local/2020/09/25/dangerously-dry-conditions-wayne-county-now-under-burn-ban/3532054001/
With dangerously dry conditions, Wayne County now under burn banMike EmeryRichmond Palladium-ItemRICHMOND, Ind. — Wayne County is under a burn ban until at least Oct. 2.The county's Board of Commissioners have declared a state of emergency because of dangerously dry conditions creating fire hazards. Upon request of county fire chiefs and members of the Wayne County Firefighters' Association, the commissioners implemented a county-wide burn ban effective at 1 p.m. Friday.The burn ban, which includes the entire county, initially lasts until Oct. 2; however, it will last until conditions improve. Commissioners will review the ban every seven days, and it will continue until rescinded by the commissioners.The emergency order bans:Campfires, other recreational fires;Open burning of any kind using wood or other combustible matter;Burning of debris, such as timber or vegetation;Use of burn barrels for open burning at residential structures;Discarding matches, ashes or other burning materials from a vehicle; and Use or discharge of aerial firework devices.The ban does not include gas or charcoal grills used solely for food preparation, fires within fireplaces or closely monitored fires in incinerators permitted by state law. Charcoal from grills should not be removed from the grills until thoroughly extinguished.Indiana American Water reports just 0.11 inches of precipitation during September, and none since Sept. 7. There were 3.47 inches of precipitation during August.The emergency order says that county fire personnel have responded to numerous wildfires throughout the county because of the dry weather, including fires resulting from open burning. The burn ban aims to reduce the threat to people and property.Anyone failing to comply with the emergency order could be punished by a fine up to $2,500.More information about the burn ban is available from Wayne County Emergency Management Agency at 765-973-9399 or the commissioners office at 765-973-9237.