https://www.environmentshow.com/privacy/
About
About The Environment Show
About Phil Stubbs, the producer
Frequently Asked Questions
Sections
Podcasts
Leaders
Films
Books
Events
Quotes
Best Ofs
Issues
Business
Cities
Climate
Conservation
Consumerism
Economics
Energy
Farming
Food
Housing
Oceans
Politics
Transport
Waste
Water
Weather
What you can do
Listen
On this website
On Apple
On Spotify
On Google
On Soundcloud
Via RSS
Follow
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Linkedin
Pinterest
Email to you
Partner
Support us (how & why)
Contribute (a story or expertise)
Donate (securely via paypal)
Sponsor or Advertise
Subscribe
Contact
Privacy Policy
Effective date: 26 April 2020.
This Privacy Policy reflects the importance we place on earning and keeping your trust.
Our commitment
We respect your privacy and will take great care with the information we collect from you. We are committed to keeping your personal information secure and private. That includes (and especially means) your email address. We are also committed to transparency about what information we collect and how we use your data.
Your consent
By using this website and our podcast you are consenting to the collection, use, and disclosure of your information as set out in this Policy. If you do not agree to be bound by this Policy, you may not access or use this site.
Terms of Use
This privacy policy is also part of the Terms of Use that govern your use of our whole website. A link to our Terms of Use is provided at the bottom of each page of this website.
When, how and why information is collected
Most of our website can be viewed without submitting personally identifiable information.
You can voluntarily provide personal information to us if you:
– have an enquiry
– want to receive updates from us
– participate in our promotional activities
– write a comment on a post or page
You can do so using avenues such as:
– the contact form on this website
– signing up to our email list
– emailing us using our email address
– writing in the comments box on posts and pages
We also collect general information about how people use this website – using analytics programs such as ‘Google Analytics’. The kind of information we collect includes pages viewed, number of views and visitors, and referring websites. We view this information in aggregate (rather than individually.) It helps us track and improve our services.
What kind of voluntary information we collect
If you wish to receive updates from us about our posts & podcasts or you wish to participate in our promotional activities, we usually only need your name and email address. For enquiries, we usually only need your name, your email address and the query itself. If you purchase a product or service from us we usually require your name, email address, billing address and payment source in order to make the transaction.
Other information you provide to us is usually optional in each case. It can include your business name, business website address, and how you heard about us. This information helps us provide better service to you.
If you choose to leave a comment on our website we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
How we may use information collected
We may use the information we collect through this website to:
– provide the information, products, and services you request
– contact you with products, offerings, community updates, and other information we believe will be of interest to you*
– receive donations and expressions of financial support for our work*
– contact you with information and notices related to your use of this site
– contact you for security or credit fraud prevention purposes
– contact you for any other purpose identified in an agreement between you and us.
We want to improve your experience of our website, podcast and services. To do this we may also use the information we collect through this website to:
– improve the content of our media (including website and podcast)
– improve the functionality and usability of the website
– improve our products and offerings
– improve our communication
– invite you to provide feedback to better understand your needs and interests.
* We will do these things in accordance with any privacy preferences you have expressed to us.
Email updates
The main thing you’ll likely be seeing from us is email updates on our stories, posts, podcasts, and occasional promotions. The Environment Show trades for Creative Nature Pty Ltd. Creative Nature may also let you know about services from The Environment Show’s sister businesses.
Please note we are very conscious that people receive a lot of emails these days so we will not overdo our updates.
Unsubscribing from email
If you no longer wish to receive emails from The Environment Show or Creative Nature Pty Ltd, you can unsubscribe at any time. Either click on the ‘unsubscribe’ link at the bottom of the email you received or send us a request via our email address.
Sharing data to third parties
The only time we would share your info with a third party is if: (1) you consent to it or (2) we’re required to by law or (3) it’s with companies helping us to deliver our service to you or (4) we sell this website or our business.
Re (2): We may disclose personal information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on us, (b) protect and defend our rights or property or (c) act to protect the safety of the public or users of the site.
Re (3): We occasionally work with other companies to help us provide our services. Those companies will only be permitted to obtain the information they need to deliver their part of the service. It’s always our aim to work with reputable suppliers and partners. (Ones who will protect that information.)
Re (4): Should we sell this site or our business, your personal information will be an asset transferred to the new owner.
We expect all third parties to whom we transfer your data to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law.
Storing your data
The Environment Show (Creative Nature Pty Ltd) undertakes to take all commercially reasonable steps to ensure your personal information is stored securely.
We have security measures in place to prevent the loss, misuse and alteration of the information we obtain from you. No system can be completely secure however and we make no assurances about the prevention of any such loss or misuse to you or to any third party (and no recompense for losses arising out of any such loss, misuse, or alteration.) It’s our intention to notify you if we become aware of such a data breach.
Cookies and similar technologies
A “cookie” is a small file placed on your device when you visit a site that can be understood by the site that issued the cookie.
We use cookies to collect analytics – information about the ways visitors use the website – such as which pages they visit, which links they use, and how long they stay on each page. We may also use these and similar technologies to help improve website features – such as personalising your experience when you use the website and showing targeted advertising.
We generally use the standard cookies of major web browsers. Cookies and similar technologies may provide data to us from third parties such as analytics providers like Google and sometimes through advertising networks like Facebook.
You can choose to disable cookies through your own web browser’s settings. However, disabling this function may diminish your experience on this and other websites.
Third-party links
This website may include links to third-party websites. Clicking on those links may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read and understand their privacy policies.
Embedded content from other websites
Posts on this website may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.) Embedded content from other websites behaves in the same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website. (One example is YouTube.)
Children under the age of thirteen
We are proud of this website and strive to ensure that it does not offend people of any age. However, it is not intended for children or minors under the age of thirteen years without the permission of a parent or guardian. If you’re concerned a child has submitted personal information on or through this website without the consent and supervision of a parent or guardian, you may contact us so we can take appropriate action.
Accessing, changing or deleting your personal information
We respect your right to access and make choices about the information you’ve provided to us on or through this website. On request, we can advise you what personal information we hold about you. You can also change or delete that information. (Note that there may be data we are obliged to keep for legal or security purposes.)
You will need to put your request in writing for security reasons. We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it.
If you simply don’t want to receive emails from us anymore, you can click on the “unsubscribe” link in the footer of our emails.
This Privacy Policy may change
We are continually improving and adding to the features and functionality of this website and the products we offer through the site. As a result of these changes or changes in the law, we may need to update or revise this Policy.
We reserve the right to update or modify this Policy at any time, without prior notice, by posting the revised version on our website. It can be accessed via the “Privacy Policy” link at the bottom of each page of this website.
Your continued use of this website after we’ve posted the revised Policy constitutes your agreement to be bound by the revised Policy.
How to contact us
If you have any questions or concerns about how we handle privacy, about this privacy policy or about our data practices please contact us by writing to us at phil@environmentshow.com
About FAQs Disclaimer Terms Privacy Contact
© 2020 The Environment Show. All Rights Reserved.Website by Zazen Designs.