http://www.ebu.ch/terms-of-use
Terms of useLast updated on 22 May 2018
These terms shall apply to the entire site ebu.ch referred to hereinafter as “the site”
Website operators. This Website is operated by the European Broadcasting Union (EBU) with registered office at L'Ancienne-Route 17A, Postal Box 45, 1218 Le Grand-Saconnex / Geneva, Switzerland whose phone number is +41 22 717 2111, fax number is +41 22 747 4000, and email address is info@ebu.ch. European Broadcasting Union shall be referred to as “we”, “our” and “us”.
Acceptance of the terms of use. Access to the site and its use shall be governed exclusively by these terms of use. The use of the site involves acknowledging, understanding and accepting these terms of use. You must undertake to refrain from using the site for unlawful purposes or by unlawful means or ones which are prohibited by these terms of use. If you do not agree to these terms of use, you shall not be authorised to access the site or to use it in any way whatsoever.
We reserve the right to amend, update or revise these terms of use at any time without notification or obligation. It is therefore your responsibility to check on a regular basis whether any changes have been made to the terms of use.
Disclaimer. The site is intended to provide general information on us and our activities. If applicable, the site may also offer the possibility of submitting a request for intervention within the framework of oursocial aim.
We shall strive to ensure that the content of the site is correct and regularly updated. However, we cannot guarantee the precise, reliable, appropriate, complete, up-to-date nature of the site content. The user hereby agrees that the site shall be accessed and used under his own responsibility. We shall not be held responsible under any circumstances for damage stemming directly, indirectly or fortuitously from the use of information provided on the site, the incorrect or inappropriate use of the site, an incorrect or faulty connection or any other use linked to hardware other than the site or any other specific hardware or software.
Intellectual property rights. The site and its content, including but not limited to texts, graphs, images, videos, soundtracks, photos, logos and icons, shall be protected by intellectual property rights or other rights and should not be copied, reproduced, distributed, used, adapted or translated in part or in their entirety without the written authorisation of us, without prejudice to the possibility of downloading and printing elements from the site exclusively for personal, non-commercial purposes, provided that the content is not altered and the copyright and trademark instructions are maintained.
Privacy Notice. When you use the site, we may collect and process certain personal data relating to you. Such personal data will be processed in accordance with the provisions of the Privacy Notice.
Links to other sites. The hyperlinks to third party websites available on the site are provided for your convenience. If you decide to use these links, you will leave the site. We cannot be held responsible for the content of third party websites.
Contact information. If you have any questions or concerns regarding the site or these terms of use, please feel free to contact us at info@ebu.ch
Applicable law and competent jurisdictions. Your access to and use of this site shall be governed by Swiss law. The courts of Geneva shall be granted exclusive competence for all disputes linked to the access to or the use of this site.
Scroll to top