http://www.newser.com/story/296619/legal-experts-not-surprised-by-breonna-taylor-results.html
X
Breaking News
More US Stories»
Teenagers, Allergies Gave FDA Vaccine Panel Pause
Texas Suit Signs Up More Than 100 House Republicans
Biden Blames Party Losses on 'Defund the Police'
FDA Panel Approves Pfizer Vaccine for US
Florida Takes Flak Over Controversial Home Raid
Trump, Limbaugh Warn of Trouble Ahead
Minn. Drive-Thru Sees 2-Day, $10K Pay-It-Forward Chain
Heart-Stopping Rescue After Boy Plunges Into 44-Foot Well
Time 's Person of the Year Comes Down to These 4
Biden Giving Big Role to a Familiar Face
Recall After Very Different Drugs 'Inadvertently' Bottled Together
Giuliani 'Better Than Ever' After COVID, Heading to Georgia
US
/
Breonna Taylor
Legal Experts Not Surprised by Breonna Taylor Results
Kentucky's strong self-defense laws made homicide charges unlikely, they say
By
Newser Editors,
Newser Staff
Posted Sep 24, 2020
12:34 PM CDT
Copied
Louisville police detain a man during a protest Wednesday.   (AP Photo/John Minchillo)
View 3 more images
(Newser)
–
Those hoping for murder charges against the police officers in the Breonna Taylor case took to the streets in cities across the US when no such charges were filed Wednesday. But the Louisville Courier Journal reports that many legal experts were not surprised. That's because of what the state attorney general calls Kentucky's "vigorous laws on self-defense." Taylor's boyfriend fired when the three officers broke down the apartment door, and when “a shot is fired by someone in the house, it is logical and pursuant to training that the officer or officers would return fire," a longtime Kentucky defense attorney tells the newspaper. Only one of the three officers is now facing charges, and they're not related to the shots that killed Taylor. Instead, officer Brett Hankison faces charges of "wanton endangerment" because bullets he fired went into a neighboring apartment.
story continues below
Which doesn't make sense to those advocating for Taylor. “If Brett Hankison’s behavior was wanton endangerment to people in neighboring apartments, then it should have been wanton endangerment in Breonna Taylor’s apartment too,” tweeted attorney Ben Crump, who is representing her family. “In fact, it should have been ruled wanton murder!” The Washington Post reports that Hankison will likely say he fired to save the lives of his fellow officers. Timing will be key: "If it was nearly instantaneous, he could argue he was returning fire in defense of others," says a former prosecutor. "If time elapsed, it will be harder for him to argue that he was defending the other officers.” Meanwhile, two officers who were shot in protests in Louisville are recuperating. One was released with a leg wound and the other, shot in the abdomen, is out of surgery, per the AP. A suspect has been charged.
(Read more Breonna Taylor stories.)
View 3 more images
321 comments
All storiesNext Story
My Take on This Story
Report a story error
Show results  |
5%
Hilarious
13%
Intriguing
17%
Depressing
45%
Brilliant
2%
Scary
18%
Ridiculous
To report an error on this story,
notify our editors
Popular on Newser
Trump, Limbaugh Warn of Trouble Ahead
1
University Officials Reveal Bombshell About Johns Hopkins
2
Ellen Suspends Show
3
Report: Chipotle Workers Stomped on Dozens of Rats
4
'This Is the Worst Moment of the Pandemic So Far'
5
On This Day:
December 10
10 Years of Headlines
Trending Now
Email This Story
Message (up to 1000 characters)
Check out this story on Newser.
Please complete reCaptcha
Report an Error
Type of error...
Typo
Factual Error
Incorrect Photo
Other
Send to Editors
Newser In Your Inbox
Get The Morning 8: The eight stories you need to know, bright and early.
View all Newsletters and sign up
Get our apps
Install our app
iPhone
iPad
Android
Newser App
Suggest a Story
Settings
Contact
About
Terms
Privacy
© 2020 Newser, LLC. All rights reserved.
We see that you're using an ad-blocker.
To read our stories, you'll need to
turn off your ad-blocker.
As an advertising-supported site,
Newser can't exist without ads.
Turn off your ad-blocker
(for Newser only)
One last step.
You have to do this part yourself.
But you're a smartie, and we'll help you out.
1. Click on your ad-blocker icon in your browser.
(It might look like this
or this
or this
)
2. Every ad-blocker is a bit different, but look for
an option like disable, whitelist, or trust and click it.
Thanks so much.
We use cookies. By Clicking "OK" or any content on this site, you agree to allow cookies to be placed. Read more in our privacy policy.
OK
Get the news faster.
Tap to install our app.
Access Newser even faster.Click here to install our app on your desktop.
X