http://www.journalistexpress.com/html/privacy.asp
Return to JournalistExpress
JournalistExpress: News & Research Portal for Reporters (www.journalistexpress.com) & Powered by CEOExpress Sites Privacy Policy
JournalistExpress: News & Research Portal for Reporters (www.journalistexpress.com) or other Powered by CEOExpress web sites (the "Powered by CEOExpress Sites") take your privacy seriously. Powered by CEOExpress Sites will never sell, rent or in any other way make your personal information available to a third party.
We collect information from our members during the registration process. This information is used to develop relationships with our members and to continually enhance the Powered by CEOExpress Sites. We hold our users and your privacy concerns in the highest regard. Maintaining your privacy is critical to us. Please take a moment to read our Privacy Policy for a better understanding of the measures we take to protect you.
We may make content or services from other Web sites, including our affiliated or co-branded ones, available to you from links located on Powered by CEOExpress Sites. These other Web sites are not subject to this Privacy Policy. We recommend that you review each individual Web site's Privacy Policy when asked for personal information when visiting them.
While we attempt to carefully screen our partners, Powered by CEOExpress Sites assumes no responsibility for the Privacy Policies on any of the sites outside of its direct control.
Cookies: By using Powered by CEOExpress Sites, you agree to the use of cookies. For use of the public page, cookies are not linked to any personally identifiable information, but allow some personalization of this page without having to sign in to a member account. For use of the member version, cookies allow you to view your personal page and remain logged in to your account.
Powered by CEOExpress Sites Privacy Policy:
How we use the information we collect
How is the information collected?
Managing your user profile
Powered by CEOExpress Sites rights and responsibilities
1. How We Use the Information We Collect
To customize the content you see on your pages.
For your convenience, forms on Powered by CEOExpress Sites are pre-populated to save you time.
For aggregate, statistical information on the audience so that we can continually refine and improve our product offerings.
Occasionally, we will communicate via email regarding new features and services that you may be interested in. You may "opt out" of these announcements at any time, though we may still use the email address you provide in order to respond to inquiries, or provide important information.
2. How is the Information Collected?
Registration: During the registration process we ask you to supply personal information such as your name and email address as well as general information such as your zip or postal code.
Powered by CEOExpress Sites collect this information to know our users better, with the goal of providing you with the best possible services.
Web Site Usage Information: We automatically collect IP addresses and Web site usage information when you visit Powered by CEOExpress Sites Web sites. This information helps us evaluate how our
subscribers use and navigate our Web sites on an aggregate basis, including the number and frequency of visitors to each Web page, and the length of their visits. We do not monitor usage on an individual basis.
Cookies: A cookie is a piece of data stored on your hard drive that is necessary to identify and dynamically build your customized page. This cookie is not linked to any personally identifiable information, but it allows you to have your personalized page without having to sign in. You may eliminate the cookie at any time by "signing out"
of your personal page. This option is prominently displayed on each Powered by CEOExpress Sites homepage.
Children: Powered by CEOExpress Sites are not directed at individuals under thirteen years of age (or older based on your country), and Powered by CEOExpress Sites do not intend to collect any personally-identifiable information from such individuals.
3.
Managing Your User Profile
You have the ability to modify your personal information that you have shared with Powered by CEOExpress Sites under "My Account," a link prominently displayed on the homepage. All fields of your personal
information are viewable. Everything except your User Name, which is needed to create your customized pages, can be modified. At any point after registration you can modify your demographic
data, email address, password and more. You also have the opportunity to choose whether or not to be on our mailing list.
We do continue to store your information, and do not delete your account customization after your cancel your account. This allows members to come back later and access their existing account. If you wish to have all of your information and customization removed from our database at any time, just contact us at webmaster@ceoexpressmail.com.
How to Opt-Out: You must provide registration information if you wish to use select features on Powered by CEOExpress Sites. When you receive an email communication from us you will be able to opt-out of future communications. You may also opt out of receiving any communication from us by contacting us at webmaster@ceoexpressmail.com.
4. Powered by CEOExpress Sites Rights and Responsibilities.
Security: The personally identifiable information we collect about you is stored in limited access servers. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain safeguards to protect
the security of these servers and your personal information. In case of a security breach, members will be notified within 72 hours.
Policy Modifications: Powered by CEOExpress Sites may edit this policy from time to time. We will post any changes here, so be sure to check back periodically. However, please be assured that these changes
will not use the personal information you submitted to us under this Privacy Policy in a manner that is materially inconsistent with this Privacy Policy without your prior consent.
Rights: Powered by CEOExpress Sites reserve the right to disclose and use personally identifiable information in special circumstances where it is necessary to enforce our Subscriber Agreement or Terms
and Conditions of Use. We may also disclose or use your personal information when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires us to do so.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on May 23, 2018
Contact Us | User Manual | Tell a Friend | Copyright & Disclaimer | Privacy Policy | Add One ClickCEOExpress Company | One Broadway, 14th Floor | Cambridge, MA 02142 | phone: 617.482.1200 | fax: 617.225.4440