http://www.michigansthumb.com/insider/article/USA-staff-helping-students-adjust-to-pandemic-15591923.php
https://www.michigansthumb.com/insider/article/USA-staff-helping-students-adjust-to-pandemic-15591923.php
USA staff helping students adjust to pandemic changes
Paige Withey, paige.withey@hearstnp.com
Published
8:00 am EDT, Thursday, September 24, 2020
Unionville-Sebewaing Area students were back in class a week before other Huron County schools reopened their doors and according to Superintendent George Rierson the successful reopening is attributed to the hard work of school staff and cooperation from students. (Mark Birdsall/Huron Daily Tribune) less
Unionville-Sebewaing Area students were back in class a week before other Huron County schools reopened their doors and according to Superintendent George Rierson the successful reopening is attributed to the ... more
Image
1
of
/
3
Caption
Close
Image
1
of
3
Unionville-Sebewaing Area students were back in class a week before other Huron County schools reopened their doors and according to Superintendent George Rierson the successful reopening is attributed to the hard work of school staff and cooperation from students. (Mark Birdsall/Huron Daily Tribune) less
Unionville-Sebewaing Area students were back in class a week before other Huron County schools reopened their doors and according to Superintendent George Rierson the successful reopening is attributed to the ... more
USA staff helping students adjust to pandemic changes
1
/
3
Back to Gallery
SEBEWAING — Unionville-Sebewaing Area Schools were the first in Huron County to open their doors to returning students this fall, and according to Superintendent George Rierson, the new school year is going well in many ways, despite all the changes made in response to the coronavirus pandemic.
Changes made for the upcoming year include students not using lockers. Students are required to stay with the same peer group as much as possible and are no longer transitioning rooms for different classes. Instead all their classes are conducted in one room.
“It all comes down to cooperation from students,” Rierson said. “They have been handling it all very well, adapting to the new health and safety measures.”
Students in Kindergarten through the fifth grade are not required to wear masks within their classrooms. According to Rierson, for young learners to wear a mask, it may hinder their ability to learn how to communicate and read, as teachers are also able to learn from students’ expressions whether something is clicking. Students in grades six through 12 are required to wear a mask while in class.
“It’s a new experience for everyone,” Rierson said. “Some students need reminding just like everyone else adjusting to mask requirements. Everyone has a clear understanding that it is a necessary precaution to protect the health and wellness of students, staff, and families.”
“Having the majority of students learning in class is a common goal within the community,” he added. “We are certainly glad to be back.”
While many aspects of the school day have changed, students are still able to participate in all the activities they would have previously, including band. Rierson said as of right now, band is conducted outside and the school continues to find new ways of allowing students to participate moving forward. Rierson attributes the successful start of the school year to USA teachers and staff.
“Our teachers' commitment to their students is remarkable,” said Rierson. “They had to implement a lot of technology, but they were able to provide instruction and promote learning in many new ways.”
Although the superintendent said it will be nice to get back to traditional teaching methods without the additional barriers, through this experience students and staff are seeing the benefits of incorporating virtual learning elements to the classroom.
“We are able to support students in a number of ways from different locations,” Rierson said. “We are able to provide a more personalized learning experience for each student and maintain that support in the event of another shutdown or even if one family has to quarantine.”
“I think these resources will be beneficial even after the pandemic, to fit a variety of student needs,” he added. “It is an area of active interest for the district.”
Insider
City of Bad Axe has adapted to working from home
Nunn: It's amazing how quickly things change
Creenan: You won't find me making a fuss over decorations
Film tax credit again proposed in state legislature
Newsletter Signups
News Now: Free daily email newsletter
Breaking News: Emails as major news happens
Most Popular
1
Walmart temporarily closes Bad Axe store
2
Sanilac County health officer on COVID: 'I think we really let our guard down'
3
COVID: Huron County surpasses 1,000 cases
4
Upper Thumb sees 97 new coronavirus cases, two new deaths
5
Two Harbor Beach schools to Travel the Christmas Journey
6
Bad Axe man dies in two-vehicle crash
7
Man charged with drunk driving for the 13th time
Follow Us On Facebook
View Comments
© 2020 Hearst Communications, Inc.