https://www.vaildaily.com/privacy-policy/
E-Edition|Submissions|Advertise|Contact Us|English|SpanishPrivacy PolicyEffective Date: 5/1/2020Swift Communications, Inc. (“Swift Communications,” “we,” “us,” and “our”), owns this website (this “Site”) and all other sites on which it has posted this Privacy Policy (this “Policy”). This Policy explains how Swift Communications uses your information when you use this Site and your choices in connection with how we use your information. Please take a few minutes to review this Policy before using this Site.Our Commitment to TransparencySwift Communications is committed to providing the information you need to make informed choices about the ways you use this Site. This Policy describes the personal information we collect when you use this Site, for example, by registering with this Site, creating a blog, subscribing to one of our newspapers, or submitting news items. It also describes how we use the personal information you share with us, some of the steps we take to protect your privacy and your choices with respect to how we use your personal information. “Personal information” is information about an identified or identifiable individual. Examples of personal information include your name, your e-mail address, and your photograph. If you have any questions about this Policy or our privacy practices, please contact us by e-mail at digitalsupport@vaildaily.com or by mail at 40780 US-6, Avon, CO 81620.This Policy is Part of Our Terms of UseThis Policy is part of the Terms of Use that govern your use of this Site. A link to our Terms of Use is provided at the bottom of each page of this Site.This Policy May ChangeThis Policy describes Swift Communications’ current policies and practices with regard to the personal information we collect through this Site. We are continually improving and adding to the features and functionality of this Site and the services we offer through this Site. As a result of these changes (or changes in the law), we may need to update or revise this Policy. Accordingly, we reserve the right to update or modify this Policy at any time by posting the revised version of this Policy behind the link marked “Privacy Policy” at the bottom of each page of this Site. For your convenience, whenever this Policy is changed, we will alert you by posting a notice on our home page for sixty days. We will also update the “effective date” at the top of this page. . If we make changes that materially affect your privacy rights we will notify you of the changes by posting a prominent notice on our website or using other methods that we select, such as sending you an email. If more than sixty days goes by between your visits to this Site, be sure you check the effective date to see if this Policy has been revised since your last visit. You may access the current version of this Policy at any time by clicking the link marked “Privacy Policy” at the bottom of each page of this Site.Types of Personal Information We CollectInformation You Provide to us. Swift Communications collects the personal information you provide when you use this Site to register for an account, subscribe to one of our newspapers, or submit news items or use our social networking tools such as when you: comment on news stories, create blogs, submit photographs and videos and send public or private messages to your friends on the Site. This includes your contact information, such as your name, e-mail address, postal address and telephone number or your billing information, such as your credit or debit card information and the content of the communications. We process your payment card payments using a third party and only see the last 4 digits of the number and the maker of the card. If you choose to participate in one of our surveys or sweepstakes – we will collect the information you provide in your answers. Information Sent to Us by Your Web Browser. We collect information that is sent to us automatically by your Web browser. This information typically includes your IP address, the identity of your Internet service provider, the name and version of your operating system, the name and version of your browser, the date and time of your visit, and the pages you visit. Please check your browser if you want to learn what information your browser sends or how to change your settings. Generally, we do not link the information provided by your browser to information that identifies you by name. More About IP Addresses. An “IP address” is a unique number that is automatically assigned to your device when you connect to the Internet. It is used to identify your device’s “location” in cyberspace, so that the information you request can be delivered to you. If you use a dial-up connection or a connection that assigns dynamic IP addresses, your device will be assigned a new IP address each time you connect to the Internet. If, however, your device is permanently connected to the Internet using a static IP address, the IP address assigned to your device will generally be the same each time you use your device. IP addresses do not include your name, email address or other information that identifies you personally, but in some cases, they can be used to identify you. For example, if you have registered with this Site, we may link your IP address to account information that identifies you personally. We may also provide your IP address to our third-party service provider who can use it to identify your state and zip code. This gives us valuable demographic information about the individuals who use this Site. Our service providers are bound by contract to use the IP addresses we provide only for this purpose. In addition, if, for example, we suspect fraud or a threat to the security of this Site, we may share our server logs-which contain users’ IP addresses-with the appropriate investigative authorities, who could use that information to trace and identify individuals.“Cookies” and Other Tracking Technologies“Cookies” are small pieces of information that are stored by your web browser software on your computer’s hard drive or temporarily in your computer’s memory. We or our third party providers place and store Internet cookies on your hard drive. Cookies can save any of the types of information noted above. Cookies enable us to personalize your viewing experience. When you revisit our website, we can recognize you by the cookie and customize your experience at this website accordingly. For example, we use cookies to recognize your access privileges to this website, track website usage and traffic patterns, identify you and keep track of your preferences, prevent fraudulent activity or improve website security, assess the performance of the website, add advertisements for goods or services of interest, and estimate the website’s audience size.You can find out more about the cookies we use from each of the categories in the table below.Categories of CookiesPurposesDescriptionStrictly NecessarySecuritySome cookies help us detect, prevent, and mitigate malicious and fraudulent activities on our Services. Security cookies also support and enable other security features.FunctionalAnalytics and ResearchWe use some cookies to collect information about how people are using our Services. For example, these cookies allow us to know which pages are visited the most often, our site’s page load times and page response times. Overall, these cookies provide us with analytical information about how our Services are performing and how we can improve them.FunctionalPreferences and SettingsYour preferences may be stored in our cookies so you do not have to reset them every time you visit our Services. These cookies allow us to remember the choices you make to tailor this website and provide enhanced features and content to you. For example, these cookies can be used to remember your user name and region information.FunctionalSocial Media PluginsIn order to enhance your internet experience and to make the sharing of content easier, some of the pages on our Services contain tools or applications that are linked to third party social media service providers such as Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, or Google. Through these tools or applications the social media service provider may set its own cookies on your device. We do not control these cookies and you should check the social media service provider’s website for further details about how they use cookies.AdvertisingAdvertisingThese cookies are used to deliver advertisements that are more relevant to you and your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign. They remember that you have visited a website and this information may be shared with other organizations such as advertisers. This means after you are done using our Service you may see some advertisements about our Services elsewhere on the Internet and that For example, if you visit a number of sports pages on our websites, you may be placed in a “sports enthusiast” interest category and may be presented with advertisements associated with sports in subsequent Internet searchesTo learn about your choices regarding cookies & how to opt out of interest based advertising, click here. If you do not wish to receive cookies, you may set your browser to reject cookies or to alert you when a cookie is placed on your computer. You may also delete our cookies as soon as you leave this Site. Although you are not required to accept our cookies when you visit this Site, if you set your browser to reject cookies, you will not be able to use all of the features and functionality of this Site. If you choose to opt out, we will place an “opt-out cookie” on your computer. The “opt-out cookie” is browser specific and device specific and only lasts until cookies are cleared from your browser or device. The opt-out cookie will not work for some cookies that are important to how our Site works (“essential cookies”). If the cookie is removed or deleted, if you upgrade your browser or if you visit us from a different computer, you will need to return and update your preferences. Google Analytics: We use tools provided by “Google Analytics” to collect some information we listed above about your use of the Services. We use the information we get from these tools to improve the Services. In order to collect this information, Google Analytics may set cookies on your browser or mobile device, or read cookies that are already there. Google Analytics may also receive information about you from apps you have downloaded that partner with Google. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable information. To learn what you can do about how Google Analytics use your information click here.Information Collected From Third PartiesIn order to provide you with the Services, we collect and store information from the following third parties:We receive from third party data brokers: information about individuals that includes their cookie stream information and information collected through tags. We also receive information from public databases like the census bureau.We receive information from social media networks if you choose to engage with our social media widgetWe combine information collected through the app or cookies on our customers’ sites with information we receive from data brokers and public databases to analyze it to better understand your behaviors and attributes and to improve our content offerings.How We Use Personal Information Collected Through This SiteWe process your information for the following purposes as necessary to provide the services to you and perform our contract with you or to take steps at your request, before entering a contract :to provide the information, products and services you request;to provide you with effective customer service;to contact you with information and notices related to your use of our Sites;We process your information for the following purposes as part of our legitimate interest in the improvement and marketing of our services as well in the security of our services. We apply appropriate safeguards to protect your information as described here and here:for security, credit or fraud prevention purposes;to provide you with a personalized experience when you use our Sites;to contact you with special offers and other information we believe will be of interest to you (in accordance with any privacy preferences you have expressed to us);to invite you to participate in surveys and provide feedback to us (in accordance with any privacy preferences you have expressed to us);to better understand your needs and interests;to improve the content, functionality and usability of this Site and other sites owned by Swift Communications;to improve our products and services; andto improve our marketing and promotional efforts;In our processing of your information, we also share your personal information to defend our rights and those of others, to efficiently maintain our business and to comply with the law as described in how we share personal information. Please see Your Choices below for information about the choices you have about the ways we use your personal information.How We Use Survey InformationFrom time to time, we may post a survey on this Site or, if we have your contact information and your consent, we may send you a questionnaire or survey. Your participation in any survey is always voluntary. We compile statistical information from the responses to our surveys. These statistics do not identify you personally. These statistics help us understand the needs and preferences of the groups we serve and improve the content and functionality of this Site. In addition, when we conduct a poll that gauges reader reaction to a particular news event, we may make the results of that poll available on this Site.How We Share Your Personal Information With OthersFor our legitimate interests:We share your information with our service providers, among our entities, in connection with a business transaction, to prevent harm, to comply with the law and to protect our legal rights. The legal basis for this is our legitimate interest in providing our services, complying with the law, and protecting our rights and those of others. We apply appropriate safeguards for this sharing of your information as described below. Third-Party Vendors. Swift Communications shares personal information collected through this Site with third-party vendors who act for or on behalf of Swift Communications. For example, we use third-party vendors to design and operate our websites, including this Site; to conduct surveys; and to help us with our promotional efforts. These third-party vendors would need information about you to perform their functions. These companies are required by contract to keep your personal information confidential and may use it only to provide services on our behalf. With our newspapers. We use content you post to public areas of this Site in connection with our news gathering and reporting activities. For example, we may select certain photographs you submit on or through this Site for publication in one of our newspapers. We may or may not use your name in connection with such use.Your ChoicesIn General. We respect your right to make choices about the ways we collect, use and disclose your personal information. In most cases, we will ask you to indicate your choices at the time we collect your personal information. For example, when you register with this Site, we provide you with an opportunity to opt into receiving certain communications from us. . Access, Update or Correct Your Personal Information If you are a registered member of this Site, you can access, update or correct your personal information through your account settings. Otherwise, you may need our help. If you wish to access, update or correct your personal information, please contact us by e-mail at digitalsupport@vaildaily.com or by mail at 40780 US-6, Avon, CO 81620. We will respond to you within a reasonable time and, in any case, within the time limits established by applicable law. We may ask you for additional information to verify your identity. In most cases, we will provide access and correct or delete any inaccurate information you discover. In some cases, however, we may limit or deny your request if the law permits or requires us to do so or if we are unable to verify your identify. We will retain your information after your account is deleted under the circumstances described in “How Long Do We Keep Your Information?” Mailing lists: If at any time you wish to be taken off our mailing lists, please contact us by e-mail at digitalsupport@vaildaily.com or by mail at 40780 US-6, Avon, CO 81620. Please provide your full name, postal address and e-mail address so that we can find you on our mailing lists. Once we have the information we need, we will remove you from our mailing lists as you have requested. Please give us a reasonable amount of time to honor your request. You can also opt out by clicking the “opt out” link in each electronic newsletter or promotional e-mail we send you. We will continue to send you notifications necessary for the services related to your e-mail address. Google Analytics: See http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/ for information about how Google uses the information provided to Google Analytics and how you can control the information provided to Google. To prevent your data from being used by Google Analytics, you can download the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on for Google Analytics which can be found here https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout Online advertising: To opt out of interest based advertising or to learn more about the use of this information by our Service Providers you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative (http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp) or the Digital Advertising Alliance (http://www.aboutads.info/choices/). If you choose to opt out, we will place an “opt-out cookie” on your computer. The “opt-out cookie” is browser specific and device specific and only lasts until cookies are cleared from your browser or device. The opt-out cookie will not work for some cookies that are important to how our websites and mobile apps work (“essential cookies”). If the cookie is removed or deleted, if you upgrade your browser or if you visit us from a different computer, you will need to return to the links above to re-select your preferences. Cookies: If you would like to opt out of accepting cookies altogether, you can generally set your browser to not accept cookies or to notify you when you are sent a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. Please note that certain functions of this Website may not function properly if your web browser does not accept cookies. If you choose to opt out, we will place an “opt-out cookie” on your computer. The “opt-out cookie” is browser specific and device specific and only lasts until cookies are cleared from your browser or device. The opt-out cookie will not work for some cookies that are important to how our websites and mobile apps work (“essential cookies”). If the cookie is removed or deleted, if you upgrade your browser or if you visit us from a different computer, you will need to return and update your preferences Objectionable Content: On certain pages of this Site, we may provide to you a tool to report objectionable content posted by other Site users. If that tool is not available, you can report such content by e-mailing us at digitalsupport@vaildaily.com or by sending a written report to 40780 US-6, Avon, CO 81620. We will review all such requests and will remove content that we determine should be removed, in our sole discretion and in accordance with our Terms of Use (including this Policy) and applicable law. Please be aware, however, that if the content has already been distributed to other websites or published in other media, we may not be able to recapture and delete it. Also, a back-up or residual copy of the content we remove from this Site may remain on back-up servers.EU Individuals: Your Rights Under the General Data Protection RegulationIf EU data protection law applies to our use of your information, you have rights that are explained below. The rights available to you depend on the reason for our use of your information. These rights include:The right to access: You have the right to ask us for copies of your personal information. This right has some exemptions, which means you may not always receive all the information we process.The right to rectification: You have the right to ask us to rectify information you think is inaccurate. You also have the right to ask us to complete information you think is incomplete.The right to erasure: You have the right to ask us to erase your personal information in certain circumstances.The right to restrict processing: You have the right to ask us to restrict the processing of your information in certain circumstances.The right to object to processing: You have the right to object to processing if we are able to process your information because the process is in our legitimate interests.The right to data portability: This only applies to information you have given us. You have the right to ask that we transfer the information you gave us from one organization to another, or give it to you.The right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority. A list of Supervisory Authorities is available here: http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm.If you need further assistance regarding your rights, please contact us using the contact information provided below <a href=”/contact-us”>click here</a> and we will consider your request in accordance with applicable law. Please note that these rights are not absolute and certain exemptions apply. In some cases, our ability to uphold these rights for you may depend upon our obligations to process personal information for security, safety, fraud prevention reasons, compliance with regulatory or legal requirements, or because processing is necessary to deliver the services you have requested. Where this is the case, we will inform you of specific details in response to your request.How Long We Keep Your InformationYou can delete your account or request that we delete your account by writing us at digitalsupport@vaildaily.com. We will keep your information only for as long as it is relevant and useful for the purpose for which it was originally collected. We retain your information after you request deletion for longer periods for specific purposes to the extent that we are obliged or authorized to do so in accordance with applicable laws and regulations and/or as necessary to protect our legal rights or for certain business requirements. Some examples of specific reasons we would retain some data for longer periods of time are:Freedom of speech and historical archiving: We may need to retain certain information, and in particular information posted or published publicly if it is necessary for exercising our freedom of expression or necessary for archiving in the public interest as permitted by law.Security, fraud & abuse prevention. We may need to retain certain information to protect you, other people, and us from fraud, abuse, and unauthorized access.Financial record-keeping. When you make a payment to us we are often required to retain this information for a longer period of time for purposes of accounting, dispute resolution and compliance with tax, anti-money laundering, and other financial regulations.Complying with legal or regulatory requirements. We may need to retain certain information to meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request, as required to enforce our terms of service, including investigation of potential violations.Direct communications with us. If you have directly communicated with us, through a customer support channel, feedback form, or a bug report, we may retain reasonable records of those communications.Even if you delete your account, keep in mind that the deletion by our third party providers may not be immediate and that the deleted information may persist in backup copies for a reasonable period of time. For any privacy or data-protection-related questions, please write to digitalsupport@vaildaily.comSteps We Take to Safeguard your Personal InformationWe maintain reasonable administrative, physical and technological measures to protect the confidentiality and security of personal information you submit on or through this Site. For example, when collecting credit card information for online purchases, we offer secured-service transactions that encrypt your information in transit to thwart others from intercepting or misusing it. Unfortunately, no website, server or database is completely secure or “hacker proof.” We therefore cannot guarantee that your personal information will not be disclosed, misused or lost by accident or by the unauthorized acts of others. Further, we cannot control dissemination of personal information you post on or through this Site using our social networking tools, and we strongly urge you not to post any personal identifying or financial information using our social networking tools.Do Not Track DisclosureWe do not support Do Not Track (“DNT”). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked. You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser. For further details, visit donottrack.us.Use of Our Social Networking ToolsIf you register as a member of this Site, you will have access to a variety of social networking tools. For example, members of this Site can comment on news stories, create blogs, and submit photographs and videos. As a member of this Site, you can connect with other members through the “Add Me As a Friend” feature. Site members can also send each other both “public” and “private” messages. Much of the content you submit on or through this Site using our social networking tools is available to the general public. Other social networking tools allow you to restrict the visibility of content you submit to people you have “friended.” However, restricting access in this manner does not guarantee that you will maintain control over personal information you post on or through this Site. It is possible that someone you “friend” will distribute such content to the general public, for example, by posting it on another website. Therefore, you should not submit any content you do not wish to make available to the general public, and you must take special care to make sure your submissions comply with our Terms of Use. In particular, your submissions must not violate the privacy or other rights of others, for example, don’t share other people’s information without their consent.Children Under the Age of ThirteenThis Site is not intended for use by persons under the age of eighteen years without the permission of a parent or guardian. We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use personal information from children under the age of 16. If we become aware that a child under the age of 16 has submitted personal information to us through the Site, we will immediately delete such information. If you believe that a child under the age of 16 has submitted personal information on or through this Site, please contact us by e-mail at digitalsupport@vaildaily.com or by mail at 40780 US-6, Avon, CO 81620 so that we can take appropriate action.Transfers of information not from the EEAThe laws in the United States may not be as protective of your privacy as those in your location. For example, United States law does not provide you with the right to access, modify and delete personal information in all cases. Further, government entities in the United States may have certain rights to access your personal information. When transferring personal information to and processing personal information in the United States we will implement appropriate safeguards and process the personal information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Notice. By using our Websites or our Services, you agree to the transfer and processing of your personal information to the United States.Contact UsIf you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us by e-mail at digitalsupport@vaildaily.com or by mail at 40780 US-6, Avon, CO 81620. Home Trending Sections