https://www.newsquest.co.uk/digital-subscription-terms-and-conditions
Home
About Us
Leadership
Contact Us
Our Solutions
Publishing
News Brands
Careers
Sales Academy
Our People
Editorial Training
News
Digital Subscription Terms and Conditions
IMPORTANT NOTICE: IMPORTANT NOTICE: YOU MUST CAREFULLY READ AND THEN AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET OUT BELOW BEFORE SUBSCRIBING. IF YOU DO NOT WISH TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, YOU WILL BE UNABLE TO SUBSCRIBE.
Validity These terms and conditions apply only to subscriptions taken out directly with Newsquest Media Group. Subscriptions taken out via third parties (e.g. iTunes or Google Play) are subject to the conditions of the third party. Subscribers must be 18 years of age or older.Once set up your subscription entitles you to access our digital content as outlined below.Premium Access – Unlimited advert-light access to the website you have subscribed to and access to associated news apps (where applicable)Premium Plus Access - Unlimited advert-light access to the website you have subscribed to and access to associated news apps (where applicable). Access to the PageSuite e-edition (digital replica) and associated apps (where applicable).For our website terms and conditions please click here - https://www.newsquest.co.uk/terms-conditions/ .To ensure access to our apps, you may need to occasionally update them. Failure to make the newest updates when asked may mean you are unable to access the apps.To subscribe to our products, you will be required to register on our website. You will be asked to provide a valid email address and you will also be asked to create a password. These details will be the details you use to sign into your digital subscription.You will also be asked to state your GDPR preferences. These preferences can be updated at any time by visiting your account.For our full registration terms and conditions please click here -  https://www.newsquest.co.uk/terms-conditions/If at any time we increase our subscription prices, we will give you at least 14 days’ notice and the new price will only become effective from the next payment date. You will have the option to cancel your subscription before the new rate applies.
Payment All our subscriptions are recurring and can be set up on a monthly or annual basis by Credit/Debit Card. Your subscription will be taken out the same day each month unless the payment fails. Your payment date will be the date you start the subscription e.g. if you start the subscription on the 10th of the month you will be charged again on the 10th of the following month. Some offers may have a different initial payment term, but this will be communicated at the time of purchase e.g. If the offer is £2 for 2 months, you will pay £2 on the day the subscription starts and then would start paying the full monthly rate after 2 months.All subscriptions require a payment card to be attached to the account. However, the card details are not stored on our database, we are only passed limited information from our payment vendor and all data is encrypted.If your payment card expires you will receive an email asking for the card to be updated. You can provide a new card by signing into your account and adding it under the subscriptions tab. If your card expires and is not replaced by a valid card your subscription will expire. If this happens you will need to re-subscribe.
Offers & Promotions Subscription offers and incentives are subject to availability and may be changed at any time.If you cancel your subscription before the end of the term associated with the gift offer, we will refund the subscription minus the cost of the gift. If the offer includes a free gift, your gift will be sent within 60 days unless otherwise communicated. Free gifts apply to subscriptions in the UK only. Some offers may not be available to previous subscribers.
Cancellation Policy To cancel your subscription please email digitalsubscriptons@newsquest.co.ukYou can cancel both a monthly or annual subscription within 14 days of purchase and receive a full refund. After this time, the following terms will apply-If you have a monthly subscription your cancellation will take effect at the next payment date. Your access will remain active until this date. There are no refunds for unused parts of your subscription. If you have an annual subscription your subscription will be changed from recurring to cancel at the end of the current term. Your access will remain active until this date. There are no refunds for unused parts of your subscription.To ensure that no further payment is taken, cancellation must be processed at least 48 hours before the next payment is due.
Cancellation or suspension We can suspend or cancel your subscription agreement and your ability to use the website and its community forums, reader comments and blogs with immediate effect at any time for any reason, including but not restricted to your serious or repeated breach of our website terms and conditions - https://www.newsquest.co.uk/terms-conditions/We will notify you of such termination at your registered email address and invalidate your access to the site. If you have paid for a subscription, you can request a refund for the remaining balance left on the account.
Technical issues If you are having technical issues, in the first instance please visit our subscriptions FAQs page. This page has useful information as well as a technical issue contact form. This page can be found under the subscription button in the top left-hand corner of our websites.
Data Protection Full privacy terms can be found here - https://www.newsquest.co.uk/privacy-policy
Contact Details You can contact us by emailing digitalsubscriptions@newsquest.co.uk
Version: toa_2020.07.20
We are a media company with a difference. We are committed to bringing a voice to your region.
Our Businesses
S1
Newsquest Specialist Media
Exchange Enterprises
Newsquest Contract Print
Zoom In Leaflet Solutions
Navigation
About Us
Leadership
Contact Us
Our Solutions
Publishing
News Brands
Careers
Sales Academy
Our People
Editorial Training
News
Terms & Conditions
Marketing Services
ReachEdge
Contributor Terms
Terms of Advertising
Diversity Statement
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Prize Competition Rules
Newsquest Pension Trustee Limited - Privacy Notice
WIN and Orr Pollock Pension Schemes
Standard Data Processing Addendum
GDPR Compliance for Advertisers
Supplier Terms & Conditions for Goods and Services
Modern Slavery Act Statement
Tax Strategy
Gender Pay Gap Reporting
Digital Subscription Terms and Conditions
Pension Fund Chair Statement
© 2020 Newsquest Media Group