https://www.seattletimes.com/help/
Skip to content
Frequently asked questions
Subscriber login, profile, and subscription managementBilling and payments for subscriptionsDigital accessSubscription options and pricesMobile appsAccess via email newsletters, RSS, search engines, and social mediaCommenting on articles on seattletimes.comCommenting code of conductHome delivery issues and vacation holdsPermissions and licensingClassified advertisingNewsroom submissions, questions, feedback, find an obituaryHow to submit a letter to the editorHow to submit an Op-EdWebsite designMore information
Subscriber login, profile, and subscription managementBilling and payments for subscriptionsDigital accessSubscription options and pricesMobile appsAccess via email newsletters, RSS, search engines, and social mediaCommenting on articles on seattletimes.comCommenting code of conductHome delivery issues and vacation holdsPermissions and licensingClassified advertisingNewsroom submissions, questions, feedback, find an obituaryHow to submit a letter to the editorHow to submit an Op-EdWebsite designMore information
Subscriber login, profile, and subscription managementQ: I have to log in repeatedly to view articles on seattletimes.com. I've tried checking "Keep me logged in" at log in, but I am still having problems. How do I stay logged in?A: To remain logged in to seattletimes.com, your browser must have cookies enabled. If your browser privacy settings are set to "Never Remember History" (Firefox), "Clear History when Firefox closes" (Firefox), "InPrivate Browsing" (IE) or "Delete Browsing History on Exit" (IE), your cookies will be deleted each time you close the browser. You need to change these settings to preserve your login status for more than one browsing session.
If you are using an iOS device (iPhone or iPad), make sure the "Private Browsing" Safari setting is turned off.
To learn more about cookies and how we use them, refer to our Privacy Statement. If you are still having trouble staying logged in, please call customer service at 1.800.542.0820 (mobile phones only outside of the U.S. and Canada).
Q: If I use Google or Facebook to sign up or log in, how is my social account affected?A: Your social accounts won't be affected in any way. Using Google or Facebook is just another option for logging in, and many users link their social accounts so they can log into seattletimes.com with one click.
Q: What does it mean to link my seattletimes.com account with my Facebook or Google account?A: Linking your social accounts allows you to log into seattletimes.com by clicking on the "Log in with Facebook" or "Log in with Google" buttons. Some people prefer this to entering their username and password upon login. Linking your seattletimes.com account is for convenience only. It does not affect your posts, "likes" or any other social media activity.
Q: How do I change my email address or password?A: Log into your account, and you can change your information there. You can also update your email and password on your Profile page. If you are a subscriber, you have the added option of updating on your "Subscription" page.
Q: I no longer want to log in with a social account. How do I change to another email?A: You can unlink your social login on your Profile page. Subscribers can also do this on the Subscription page. When you unlink the social account, that email will remain associated with your Seattle Times account and you can use it to log in, but you will need to create a password. The first time you log back in, select "Forgot password?"
Q: How do I retrieve my password?A: Go to the log in page, then click the "Forgot your password?" link and follow the steps on screen.
Q: How do I change my personal or public profile information?A: Log in to your profile on seattletimes.com to change your email, password and profile information.
Q: How do I manage my subscription?A: You are not already, log in to your Subscription page in "My account" on seattletimes.com to place a vacation hold, sign up for paperless billing or autopay, update your payment information and more.
Q: I am having difficulty with my subscription and getting access to seattletimes.com. How do I get help?A: Please use our online contact form or call us at 1.800.542.0820 (mobile phones only outside of the U.S. and Canada).
Billing and payments for subscriptionsQ: How are digital subscriptions billed?A: We accept major credit and debit cards (Visa, Master Card, American Express) or you can set up your subscription to deduct directly from your banking account. PayPal and Amazon Pay options will be available by the end of 2018. Most digital-only subscriptions are automatically billed every four weeks.
Q: How are home delivery subscriptions billed?A: New subscriptions are automatically renewed, and you will be charged in advance of each billing cycle unless you choose to cancel. We offer a variety of payment methods for home delivery subscriptions, including automatic billing by credit card, checking account and adding PayPal, Amazon Pay by the end of 2018.
Q: I have an issue with my bill. How do I take care of it?A: For billing problems, please contact Customer Service at customercare@seattletimes.com or 1.800.542.0820 (mobile phones only outside of the U.S. and Canada).
Q: I am not getting my bill. How do I fix this?A: For billing problems, please contact Customer Service at customercare@seattletimes.com or 1.800.542.0820 (mobile phones only outside of the U.S. and Canada).
Q: How do I cancel a subscription?A: Please call Customer Service at 1.800.542.0820 (mobile phones only outside of the U.S. and Canada) to cancel a subscription.
Q: Can I get a refund for weeks for which I've already paid?A: Yes. If you cancel before your current renewal date, you will receive a refund for the portion of your paid subscription that was not used.
Q: How do I go paperless for my billing statements?A: To stop receiving paper statements each time your bill is due, go to Paperless billing and click the "Off" button to turn paperless billing on. If you are not logged in, log in first. In less than two weeks you will start getting your monthly bill sent via email.
If you change your mind, go back to the page by selecting "Subscription" in the menu and click the "On" button to turn paperless billing off.
Please note that it might take up to two weeks for the change over. During this time, you may receive a paper statement from us if your bill was already in progress.
Digital accessQ: How do I search for an article?A: You can search for articles on seattletimes.com by selecting Search at the top of the page; then on the results page, refine your search by Date, Type, Author or Section. If you are a subscriber, you have two more options. Print Replica for web or mobile apps includes a 90-day archive of editions. And The Seattle Times Newspaper Archive gives subscribers access to a collection of digitized printed pages dating back to 1896.
Q: How often is the website updated?A: The site is updated 24/7 with stories, photos, video, blog entries, reader comments and other news.
Q: Do you post all of the content from the print edition online?A: We publish all of the stories, columns and photos produced by Seattle Times staff, but some of the wire services do not allow us to post their material online. So the print edition contains some syndicated columns, graphics and other content not available online.
Q: Why does The Seattle Times require a subscription for complete digital access?A: The expenses associated with creating unique, original news content are significant. Traditionally, the great majority of the cost was underwritten by advertising. With the changing media business model, that revenue no longer covers costs to the same degree. As a result, in order to maintain the same high quality, unique news gathering, it is necessary to charge for unlimited digital access, just as is done for the printed product.
Q: If I am already a home delivery subscriber, how do I get digital access?A: Every print subscription includes unlimited access to seattletimes.com, Seattle Times mobile apps for iOS and Android, and Print Replica for iPad and Android tablet, an online version of the printed paper. To get started log in to your subscriber account.  If you don't have an email associated with your subscription, link your print and digital subscription. Digital access allows you to read unlimited articles, log in to our apps, and manage your account online: schedule delivery holds, go paperless, update payment info, pay your bill and more.
Q: If I am already registered on seattletimes.com for newsletters, commenting and forums, will I have unlimited access to seattletimes.com?A: Seattletimes.com requires a subscription for unlimited access. Your seattletimes.com registration is not a subscription. To become a subscriber, see our offers.
If you are already a subscriber, you can use your subscriber login for unlimited access to seattletimes.com and to manage your account online. And you can log in to our mobile apps and Print Replica. If you are a print subscriber but don't have a digital account or when you log in you are not recognized as a subscriber, go to Link your print and digital subscriptions to get set up to enjoy all our digital products.
Q: If I do not have a subscription, can I still access seattletimes.com?A: Yes. Non-subscribers can view a limited number of articles before a subscription is required. If you created a free account, you can manage your profile information and comment on articles. To become a full subscriber with unlimited access to all Seattle Times digital products, see our offers.
Q: If I currently subscribe, but don't want online access, will I be affected?A: No. Digital access is automatically included in all home delivery subscriptions but not required. If you choose to enjoy the benefits of a digital account at any point, it is available to you.
Q: As a subscriber, will I still see ads on seattletimes.com?A: Yes. We operate the largest newsroom in the region, and subscriptions alone do not cover the costs. We still rely on ad revenue to continue offering a high level of service and quality journalism, and ads help us bring it to you at an affordable price.
Q: I currently subscribe and there are multiple people in my household. Do we all have unlimited digital access?A: You may share your subscription with the same unlimited access privileges with one family member in your household. Go to the Subscription page in “My account.” You need to logged in. At the bottom of the page, go to Shared Subscriptions and add an email to send an invitation.
Q: What is Print Replica and where can I find it?A. Print Replica is available exclusively to Seattle Times subscribers. It’s an exact digital copy of the printed newspaper that can be viewed, printed or downloaded from any device. It is available for the web and as an app. Print Replica for the web can be viewed across all your devices, desktop computer, tablets and phones. For more information, view the Print Replica FAQs.  The Print Replica app is available for Android and iOS mobile devices. For more information, view the app FAQs.
Subscription options and pricesQ: How do I subscribe to The Seattle Times?A: You can subscribe online or call Customer Service at 206.464.2121 or 1.800.542.0820 (mobile phones only outside of the U.S. and Canada).
Q: What subscription options are available?A: We offer several subscription packages from digital only to 7-day print, so you can choose the one that best meets your needs. All print subscribers have full access to Seattle Times content on all of our digital platforms, including seattletimes.com, the digital Print Replica and The Seattle Times apps for Apple and Android devices. (Kindle and Nook e-reader editions not included.) You can find all subscription options here.
Q: Do you have any group, corporate or educational discounts?A: For information on current subscription discounts, please contact us online or call 206.624.7323 or 888.624.7323.
Q: I'm an international user. How do I start a subscription?A: To subscribe from outside of the U.S., please contact Customer Service at 1.855.413.1914 (mobile phones only outside of Canada and the U.S.) during business hours of 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Pacific Standard Time, Monday through Friday; 7 a.m. to noon on weekends and holidays, or by emailing customercare@seattletimes.com.
Q: Is access to seattletimes.com included as part of my Kindle or Nook subscription?A: Seattletimes.com access is not included as part of your Kindle or Nook subscription. However, if you are a current home delivery, digital bundle or seattletimes.com only subscriber, and your device has a Web browser, you can access seattletimes.com with your current subscriber account. If you are a print subscriber, but do not have a digital account to log in to our digital products or are not recognized as a subscriber when you log in, go to Link your print and digital subscriptions to get set up.
Q: I currently only subscribe to a Seattle Times mobile app or Print Replica. Can I also access seattletimes.com?A: No, you will need to upgrade your subscription. To do so, please call customer service at 1.800.542.0820 (mobile phones only outside of the U.S. and Canada). However, you may use your mobile subscriber account to log in to seattletimes.com to comment on articles, manage newsletters (including Subscriber Rewards) and participate in forums.
Mobile appsQ: I already subscribe to The Seattle Times. Do I have to pay extra for access to the apps?A: No! If you are a Seattle Times subscriber (digital or print), our mobile apps for Apple and Android and Print Replica for iPad and Android tablet are included in your subscription. Log into the app using your Seattle Times subscriber information.If you forgot your password, visit this link and follow the “Forgot Password?” prompt.If you are a print subscriber but do not have an email associated with your subscription, go to link your print and digital subscription and follow the instructions. Once you’ve created a digital account with seattletimes.com, you can log in to the app.
Q: When I subscribe to a mobile app through the App Store, will I get access to the website as well?A: No. Only The Seattle Times app is included. This does not include access to seattletimes.com or any of our other products.
Q: I purchased access to the app from the App Store, but I’m already a subscriber to The Seattle Times. How do I get a refund?A: To cancel and receive a refund for a purchase made through the App Store, report a problem with your purchase by clicking on “Report a Problem” in any of your email receipts from Apple, or by visiting reportaproblem.apple.com. When prompted for a description of the problem, we recommend selecting “Didn’t mean to purchase this item” option. Apple will then review your request for a refund.
If you have additional questions, please contact us.
Once your subscription via the App Store is cancelled, you can log in to The Seattle Times iOS app using your seattletimes.com account login information.
Q: If I purchase access to The Seattle Times iOS app on my iPhone, will I be able to log in on a different device like an iPad? I upgraded to a new phone, will my subscription still work?A: Yes, as long as you use the same Apple ID across devices, you will be able to access The Seattle Times iOS app on any device, including phones, tablets, other iOS-enabled devices. If you do not know your Apple ID, you can view it on your Apple device by going to Settings > iTunes & App Store.You can restore your subscription on a new device by opening The Seattle Times iOS app, clicking on the User icon in the top right of the home screen, and clicking “Restore Subscription”.
Q: I’m not a subscriber, but I have a seattletimes.com account. Why do I get an error when I try to log in to the app?A: Currently, only subscribers are allowed to log in to the app.
Access via email newsletters, RSS, search engines, and social mediaQ: I like to share articles from seattletimes.com on my social networks. If my friends don't have subscription, will they be able to access them?A: Yes, non-subscribers will be able to view a limited number of articles without being required to subscribe, regardless of where they have accessed seattletimes.com content. If the content you've shared moves them past this limited number of articles, they will have to subscribe to access it.
Q: I receive newsletters and an RSS feed from The Seattle Times. Is my access to those restricted?A: If you currently receive any newsletter or an RSS feed from The Seattle Times, you will continue to do so. If you click on the links included in those communications and are not a current subscriber, they will count toward your limited number of free articles.
If you'd like to receive any of our newsletters, click here.
Please use this structure for RSS feeds. We apologize for any inconvenience.
Main site: https://www.seattletimes.com/feedSections: https://www.seattletimes.com/SECTION/feedAuthors: https://www.seattletimes.com/author/FIRSTNAME-LASTNAME/feed
Q: How do I sign up for news alerts and email newsletters?A: If you already have a login for seattletimes.com, go to our newsletters page or you can find it in the "My account" menu. Select the Breaking News Alert or any other newsletter you'd like to receive. You will need to log in if you are not already.
Q: If I use a search engine to come to seattletimes.com, does this count towards my limited access?A: Yes, non-subscribers will have a limited number of articles they can view without being required to subscribe, regardless of where they have accessed seattletimes.com content from. If your use of search engine links moves you past this limited number, you will be prompted to subscribe for unlimited access.
Q: How do I manage my Subscriber Rewards program email?A: The Subscriber Rewards program offers subscribers great deals in their inboxes every week. Go to the newsletters page and select the Subscriber Rewards newsletter. You will need to log in if you are not already.
Commenting on articles on seattletimes.comWhy does seattletimes.com have comments?
We want the stories, visuals, columns and editorials we publish to be a starting point for conversation, not a dead end. One of the things that separates seattletimes.com from the printed newspaper is our ability to interact with you. That means answering your questions, hearing your concerns and listening to your ideas. We also know the value of neighbors being able to engage in enlightened conversation about the issues in our region. Commenting on stories is part of that community conversation.
If I am already registered to comment on seattletimes.com or receive newsletters, will I have unlimited access to seattletimes.com?
A: A subscription is required for unlimited access to seattletimes.com. Your seattletimes.com registration is not a subscription. You can find subscription options here.
If you are already a subscriber, you can simply use your subscriber login to comment on articles and manage newsletter preferences (including Subscriber Rewards). Or you can link your existing seattletimes.com registration to your subscriber account. Get started here.
Why was my comment removed? What does it take to get suspended or banned?
Please refer to our Code of Conduct, which outlines the rules for commenting.
Due to the volume of comments received and reviewed, we cannot respond to individual questions about why a specific comment was allowed or removed.
We no longer have the staff resources to consider a commenter's past conduct when making a decision to suspend or ban them. If you break the rules once, you'll be suspended; if you break them again, you'll be banned. In both cases, you will be notified of the decision and the reason behind it.
How do I report a comment that breaks the rules?
Bring it to our attention by clicking on the "report" link that appears with each comment. We will review it as soon as possible (at times there could be a delay of a few hours).
Who reviews the reported comments?
The Seattle Times' digital audience team and other staff in the newsroom.
As a Seattle Times subscriber, can I still be suspended or banned from commenting?
Yes, the Code of Conduct applies to all users, regardless of subscription status. If you violate the Code of Conduct, your commenting privileges may be suspended or revoked, but you will still be able to read articles.
Will you tell me when I’ve been suspended or banned? Will you tell me why? And can I be reinstated?
If you are suspended or banned from commenting, we will notify you via the email address associated with your commenting account, and we will note which provision of the Code of Conduct was violated.
The first violation of the Code of Conduct results in a 24-hour suspension -- essentially, a warning. If you break the rules again after that, you'll be banned. Bans are permanent.
Why are you censoring peoples’ opinions?
The Seattle Times reserves the right to allow or disallow any kind of content that doesn't meet its standards as outlined in the Code of Conduct, Terms of Service and this FAQ. The Times is under no obligation to publish every comment it receives. Generally, a comment is removed not because of the opinion it expresses but because it violates those basic rules.
What about my right to free speech?
The right to free speech described in the First Amendment concerns the relationship between the U.S. government and its citizens. Any private business can require certain standards of conduct, as we do with our Code of Conduct.
Why can’t I comment on wire stories?
As of May 15, 2017, The Seattle Times is not accepting reader comments on news stories originating with The Associated Press, The New York Times, The Washington Post, Bloomberg and other wire services. The intent is to focus our newsroom's time and energy on discussions related to news stories covered by our staff, and foster constructive conversation around local news and issues.
Why don’t you make commenters use real names?
We have considered requiring real names, and decided not to for a few reasons.
First, we don't have the resources to independently verify that names used by commenters are indeed real. Some sites have tried to get around this by connecting comments to Facebook profiles. But Facebook's verification mechanisms are imperfect as well, and not everyone has a Facebook profile. We think you shouldn't have to join another site to have conversations on ours. Plus, our commenting vendor — unlike Facebook — keeps users’ data private.
Another reason for not requiring real names: Research on commenting communities shows that using real names doesn't actually compel people to act more civilly toward each other. Comments on Facebook posts offer countless examples of this.
There's also evidence that, when commenters are all using their real names, people with names that suggest they're women or people of color are more likely to be harassed, and we don't want to invite those kinds of attacks into our community.
The folks who built our commenting tool published an enlightening piece on this subject; we invite you to read it.
What is the "respect" link for?
This allows you to convey respect for a particularly thoughtful, well-reasoned contribution from a fellow reader. You may use it once per comment.
Why don’t you pre-screen all of the comments?
We do actively moderate and pre-screen comments on some stories when there's a high likelihood the discussion will stray off topic. But we don't have the staff resources to read and approve every comment on our site before it is posted. That's why we provide readers the tools to help us keep the conversation civil through the "report" and "respect" links. We encourage readers to report comments that violate the Code of Conduct.
Why do you require registration in order to comment?
It helps keep spam out of the comments. It allows us to better control the legitimacy of commenters, and to more easily suspend or ban those who break the rules. And adding the step of having to be registered and logged in deters the hit-and-run troll.
Can I comment with my subscriber account, or do I need to register separately?
Your subscription includes access to post comments. You do not need to register separately. However, if someone else in your household would like to comment under their own identity, they would have to register separately.
Can I change the way I view the comments?
Yes. By default, you'll see featured comments first. If no comments have been featured on that thread yet, you'll see all the comments chronologically beginning with the newest first. At the top of each comment thread (above the first comment), you'll see options to sort the comments in other ways.
Can I see another user's commenting history?
No. However, you can see your own commenting history, and you can see how long someone has been a member of the commenting community.
Can I edit or remove a comment after I've posted it?
You have the option to edit a comment for up to 5 minutes after you post it. But you cannot remove a comment, so please be absolutely sure you want to make such a comment publicly. Comments are indexed by search engines, and they also could remain on our site for many years.
Why do comments close 72 hours after an article is published?
You can still read others' thoughts after 72 hours, but indeed will not be able to contribute your own. Limiting commenting on old stories keeps our moderators focused on the stories that have the most readers at the time.
Why do old stories not have comment threads anymore?
We changed commenting systems in April 2019. Unfortunately, issues with technology, different vendors and resources kept us from being able to preserve old comments when we made this change.
What are some other ways to share my thoughts on news stories and topics of the day?
If you'd like to give input on issues raised in an article, and that article doesn't have a comment thread, you've still got several other opportunities. Here are a few of them:
Contact the author of the article. Seattle Times writers' contact info is at the bottom of their articles.
Share the article on your social media channels and discuss it there.
Write a letter to the editor.
Submit a guest column to be considered for publication on the Opinion page.
Use this form under "Contact the newsroom."
Reach out to any of us individually. Staff contact info is here.
Commenting code of conductThe Seattle Times’ commenting community is a civil space where people who live in or otherwise care about the Pacific Northwest can have meaningful, informed conversations about the facts presented in The Times.
Our newsroom strives to reflect the vibrancy and diversity of the region and tell the story of its continuing transformation. We aim to be a model of innovative, audience-supported regional journalism, to strengthen democracy, build community, encourage constructive discourse and enrich people’s lives.
Seattle Times staff retains the prerogative to determine what is published on seattletimes.com. To that end, just as we hold our journalism to high ethical standards, we hold comments published alongside our work to high ethical standards.
This is a living document. We expect to revise these guidelines in response to community feedback and behavior.
Tips for constructive commenting
Our commenters represent a variety of identities, perspectives and life experiences, which inform the well-reasoned opinions they share with their neighbors on our site. Here’s how you can help us foster an inclusive, respectful environment for everyone who visits or participates in the comments:
Read the entire article before commenting.
Show others the kindness you would want them to extend to you. Consider what impact your words could have on other commenters, on people featured in the article, and on their loved ones. Would your comment do justice to your own humanity if someone expressed those exact same sentiments, in the exact same way, to you?
Provide information that enhances or adds context to the article, or that could advance our future reporting on the subject at hand.
Ask questions that are related to what’s in the article.
Respond to the substance of a comment, not the person making it.
Be careful when employing sarcasm; tone doesn’t always come across in writing.
Flag comments that violate the rules. This is the quickest way to draw our attention to a problem — far more effective than emailing us, tweeting at us or getting into a prolonged fight with a fellow commenter.
Unacceptable behavior
If your comment reflects any of the following, it will be removed and you may be suspended from commenting on seattletimes.com. If you violate this code of conduct repeatedly, you will be permanently banned.
Disparaging an identity or ideology, or any other behavior that embodies or emboldens bigotry. This includes, but is not limited to racism, misogyny, ableism, anti-Semitism, Islamophobia, homophobia and transphobia.
Harassment, bullying, insults, name-calling, or any other personal or ad hominem attack. If you believe you have the stronger point, write it concisely in your own comment and move on.
Trolling — including doxxing, sealioning, whataboutism and aggressively instigating unproductive interactions.
Deliberately disrupting or distorting the discussion by using all capital letters or excessive symbols.
Violating someone’s privacy, including posting their personal information.
Causing, inciting, threatening or advocating for violence or harm.
Obscenities, profanities and slurs, including with symbols in place of letters, and including acronyms that are commonly known to represent profanity.
Posting copyrighted material.
Comments promoting a product or service, or soliciting money. Campaign ads or other such promotional material.
Spam of any kind, including posting the same comment more than once or repetitively posting a single term with slight variations to test the rules.
Promoting, encouraging or making light of illegal activity.
Straying off topic.
Presenting falsehoods as facts, including promoting or perpetuating conspiracy theories.
Impersonating someone else.
Abusing the flagging system — for example, reporting a comment that doesn’t break the rules simply because you disagree with it or dislike the person who wrote it.
A commenting history that indicates that you visit seattletimes.com solely to disparage journalists or The Times in the comments without contributing anything to community discussions. (Respectful, constructive criticism is encouraged.)
Comments longer than 3,000 characters. Please do not break a longer comment into multiple shorter posts; they will be deleted.
Seattle Times staff retain sole discretion to moderate, suspend or ban anyone whose behavior we determine to be a detriment to the atmosphere of our site. We will take into account both individual comments and a commenter’s past behavior when making these decisions.
More information about how commenting works
Comments containing links to sites that do not conform to these guidelines will also be removed. In some cases, we might pre-moderate comments containing links.
If a comment is removed, all replies to that comment are hidden.
Decisions to remove a comment, or to suspend a user, are final. A user who has been banned may appeal to customercare@seattletimes.com to request the ban be changed to a suspension at our staff’s discretion. A user may make only one such appeal; there are no third chances.
Stories from wire services, such as The Associated Press or New York Times, do not have comment threads. We are focusing our limited staff time on discussions around stories produced by The Seattle Times.
Comment threads automatically close to new submissions 72 hours after an article is published. Seattle Times staff may also use our discretion to close comments on an article at any time for a variety of ethical and/or practical reasons.
Talk to us
If you have questions about anything related to our commenting community, please email customercare@seattletimes.com.
Commenting isn’t the only way to share your thoughts about the news. Reporters’ contact information is listed on their articles so you can reach out to them directly. You can also submit a letter or Op-Ed about a local topic to be considered for publication in the Opinion section.
Home delivery issues and vacation holdsQ: Where do I send comments or requests about newspaper home delivery?A: Please send comments and requests regarding home delivery to customercare@seattletimes.com or call Customer Service at 206.464.2121 or 1.800.542.0820 (mobile phones only outside of the U.S. and Canada). You may also manage your subscription online.
Q: How do I report a home delivery issue?A: Go to the Subscription page in "My account." Log in if you are not already. Scroll down to "Newspaper Options" and click the "Report an issue" button.
Q: How do I place my home delivery on vacation hold?A: As a service for print subscribers, we can temporarily stop your print newspaper delivery. During this time, although your newspaper will not be delivered, your subscription continues with full access to all our digital platforms, including seattletimes.com, mobile apps for iOS and Android and the digital Print Replica, and exact copy of the printed paper online.
To place your home delivery subscription on vacation hold, go to the Schedule a delivery hold page; Log in if you are not already. You can also get there by going to "My account" on the Subscription page. In "Newspaper Options" click the "Manage holds" button.
Select your dates and submit your hold. You can manage your holds online: change or cancel at any time within the allotted time periods, and schedule multiple delivery holds at one time.
Q: When I go on vacation, can I put my digital subscription on hold?A: Digital content is available anywhere there is an Internet connection, so we don’t offer vacation suspensions for our digital products. When you put your print subscription on hold, your digital access will not be affected.
Permissions and licensingQ: Do I need permission to use content from The Seattle Times? A: Yes. With the limited exceptions described on this page, all use of content from The Seattle Times requires permission from our resale department.  Please see our copyright statement for information on copyright.
Note: If the content you are interested in is credited to a source other than The Seattle Times, please contact that party directly. The Seattle Times is not able to grant permission for content not produced by our staff.
Q: Do I have to pay to use Seattle Times content?
A: Yes. We charge licensing fees for all reuses of our content with a few exceptions (see below for what you can do with out requesting permission). Licensing fees are calculated on a variety of factors, and we offer lower rates for non-profits and smaller companies.  Because of the complexities, we require all requests be submitted in writing by filling out our Permissions and licensing form at seattletimes.com/permissions.
Q: What am I allowed to do without requesting permission? A: You may generally print or share content on a limited basis. Please read below for common types of usages that we  allow without permission:
Reprinting articles: You may make up to 10 copies of an article for personal use, to share with family or friends.
Embedding content: You may embed or share content such as video, articles, and social media posts as long as you use the associated sharing tools to directly post the content to your personal or business social media account (Twitter feed, Facebook page etc.),
Linking to seattletimes.com: You may use a headline  from The Seattle Times along with a summary that links directly to the article on seattletimes.com from your website, social media account or via email. Please note that readers who visit seattletimes.com may encounter limited access if they do not subscribe to The Seattle Times.
You may not directly post any images, multimedia or text in any media without prior consent from The Seattle Times.
Q: Can I buy photos or illustrations that appeared in The Seattle Times?A: Yes, most of our staff photos are available for sale as prints. Visit the Seattle Times photo store  to find a gallery of our most requested photography. To order an image you cannot find in the photo store, please fill out our photo request form.
Q: Does The Seattle Times release photos that were not published?A: No, we only sell photographs and illustrations that appeared in the newspaper or on our website. No outtakes are available for sale or licensing.
Q: Can I republish an article in my print publication or website?A: You may license content produced by The Seattle Times under certain circumstances. If you are interested in making copies for business or commercial use or republishing  text, please contact the Copyright Clearance Center.
Q: What about photos? Can I use a photo in my publication or website? A: We license staff photos on a case-by-case basis.  If you are interested in licensing an image for reuse, please fill out our permissions & licensing request form for a quote.  To expedite the process, be sure to note as much information as you can about the photo (i.e. publication date, photographer name etc.) and state your intended use when filling out the form. All requests must be in writing.
Q: May I alter images?A: No. Even if you license or purchase one of our images, photographs and graphics must be used as published. We allow limited re-sizing, but you must not crop, overlay text or make any changes to the original photograph or graphic.
Q: Does The Times provide a research service? A: We do not typically provide research services. To request a reprint of an article, you must first gather all the necessary information about the article, such as headline and date published. To order a photo, you must provide us with a description, publication date,  photographer's name.
Q: May I use quotes or excerpts from an article?A: In rare cases we allow quotes to be used if the use does not alter the original intent of the article. This is done on a case-by-case basis with careful review by our staff. Please fill out our permissions & licensing request form with specifics on your request.
Q: My business appeared in The Seattle Times, and I'd like a copy of the article to keep as a memento. How do I request one?
A: We offer three options for those who want a keepsake for their scrapbook or for display in their home or office:
Keepsake pages display articles exactly as they appeared in the newspaper and come in a variety of sizes. Visit The Seattle Times Photo Store to order high quality reproductions suitable for framing.
Custom reprints highlight the specific article you request in a custom design that separates it from other articles and ads in the newspaper. Prices vary based on the amount of design work necessary and the usage of the custom reprint.  Fill out our permissions & licensing request form to get a quote.
Back issues of The Seattle Times newspapers featuring your article, click here or email backissues@seattletimes.com. Back issues are complete newspapers, and are available for papers published within the last six months.
Q: Can I use The Seattle Times logo on my Web site? A: Prior permission is required from The Seattle Times for the use of any of our logos or mastheads. To obtain permission, please fill out our permissions & licensing request form with complete information on how you wish to use our logo.
Q: What if I have more questions about using Seattle Times content?A: Please contact our resale and permissions department at resale@seattletimes.com during business hours: Monday - Friday 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Pacific Standard Time (PST).
Classified advertisingQ: How do I place a classified ad?A: Use our online form to place an ad in the newspaper, online or both. Select the type of ad you wish to place from the menu at the top of the page. For further assistance, please call 206.624.7355.
Q: How do I edit the text or photos in my classified ad?A: Log into your account to manage your online classified ads. For Autos, Employment or Real Estate ads, please select the appropriate option from the menu at the top of the page. If you've forgotten your password, there are password reminder links located near each login form. If you need further assistance with your online-only ad, please email support@nwsource.com.
Corrections to print classified ads can be made by calling our Classified Advertising Department.
Local: 206.624.7355
Washington state: 800.624.7355
Out of state: 800.628.8285
Q: When are the classified ads updated?A: Online classified ads are updated within the hour. For print classified updates and deadlines, please call 206.624.7355.
Newsroom submissions, questions, feedback, find an obituaryQ: How do I send the newsroom my question or feedback about an article, photo or news coverage?A: We welcome your questions and feedback about our content. Please use our online contact form.
Q: How can I give you suggestions or feedback related to the functionality, usability or features of seattletimes.com?A: We welcome your feedback about our digital products. Use our online contact form or call us at 1.800.542.0820 (mobile phones only outside of the U.S. and Canada).
Q: How do I contact the newsroom with a news tip or story idea?A: Send us a brief description via email or call us at 206-464-2204. You may also use our online contact form.
Q: I would like The Seattle Times to correct a published article. How do I request that?A: At The Seattle Times, we strive to make news reports fair and accurate. If you have a question or concern about our news coverage, please send us your comments via email or call us at 206.464.3310. If applicable, please include a link to the article.
Q: How do I find an obituary?A: For paid death notices, search by the full name (first and last), date or keyword on the Obituaries page. These notices are archived online for one year. You can locate articles on prominent individuals who died during the current week. You can also search our online archive for news obituaries published since Feb. 1, 1996. Obituaries posted prior to that date are available on microfilm at your public library periodical archive. For historical obituaries, you can also search our digitized newspaper pages from 1900 through 1984 by accessing our fee-based Seattle Times Historical Archive.
Q: How do I send a letter to the editor?A: Letters (not exceeding 200 words) must include your full name, address and telephone number for verification. Letters become the property of The Seattle Times and may be edited for publication. High volume prevents our acknowledging receipt of submissions. Email your letter to letters@seattletimes.com, fax it to 206.382.6760 or mail it to: Letters Editor, The Seattle Times, P.O. Box 70, Seattle, WA 98111. See our Letters FAQ for more information.
Q: How do I submit an event for the entertainment and recreation listings?A: To submit your event for inclusion in Seattletimes.com and The Seattle Times entertainment and recreation calendars, fill out the event submission form or fax your press release to 206.464.2239. Event submissions for the newspaper must be received at least 14 days in advance of publication. Listings are free, but inclusion is not guaranteed. We reserve the right to edit items for content and space.
Q: How do I get a copy of a photo that ran online or in the print edition?A: Photos of our staff-produced, published photos may be purchased for personal use. Find more information and an order form here. If you have more questions, email photosales@seattletimes.com or call 206.515.5058.
Q: May I put one of your articles or photos on my website, newsletter, book, etc?A: Seattle Times content may not be reproduced, publicly displayed or distributed without express, specific permission. Any such use of The Seattle Times’ content without prior written permission constitutes a violation of federal copyright law. For permission to reprint or reuse an article or photo, please contact our permissions department at resale@seattletimes.com or call 206-464.3113.
Q: May I submit photos to be published in the paper or online?A: Yes, you may send us your photo from a recent weekend in the Northwest or a travel photo from a recent trip outside the region. Submit images online here. If you have a breaking news photo, please feel free to send it to photo@seattletimes.com. Include the “who, what, when, where and why,” and be sure to include your contact information. If we want to use your photo, we will contact you.
How to submit a letter to the editorLetters to the editor are an important part of the Opinion section. Our readers share a wide range of perspectives on current issues.
Letters that are well-written, have a clear opinion and responsive to current events are more likely to be chosen for publication. The Seattle Times editors always try to give preference to the paper's critics in choosing letters to be published. Opinions that differ from those presented elsewhere on the editorial and opinion pages are also given priority. The Seattle Times also seeks to publish letters from a range of readers of diverse backgrounds. Letters represent The Seattle Times’ broad readership rather than serve as a platform for officials of organizations or government agencies.
When submitting a letter, please include the topic or headline and date of the article, editorial or opinion piece to which your letter refers.
Letters to the editor should be 200 words or fewer. A writer decreases his or her chances of being selected for publication if the letter exceeds that length. Please do not expect us to publish letters from a single writer more frequently than once every three months to give other readers a chance to express their opinions. If your letter is selected for publication, you may be contacted for identity verification or if we have questions about its content.
You may mail or email your letter, and all letters must include your full name (no initials), address and telephone number(s) for verification. Only your name and city of residence are published. Letters become the property of The Seattle Times and may be edited.
Email to: letters@seattletimes.com
Mail to: Letters Editor, The Seattle Times, P.O. Box 70, Seattle, WA 98111
Writing guidelines: Dos and Don’ts
DO: Have an opinion and state it forcefully — Many letters submitted are explanations of an issue or a restatement of a news article, rather than knowledgeable arguments about an issue. Those won’t make the cut.
DO: Be civil and constructive — It’s perfectly appropriate to strongly criticize ideas, reasoning or positions that you disagree with. But it is not appropriate to make personal attacks.
DO: Present an organized opinion — It's usually better to begin with the premise of your opinion and topic being addressed, rather than assembling the facts and presenting a conclusion at the end.
DO: Be timely — We prefer letters about current events rather than something that happened months ago. Address issues covered by The Seattle Times in the past several weeks. Make sure a letter submission contains the most recent updates on a news topic.
DO: Include name and contact information — Include your full name (no initials), address and telephone number(s) for verification. Only your name and city of residence are published. We do not publish letters written anonymously or under pseudonyms.
DO: Cite sources and provide context — Please include URLs for statistics, facts and reports mentioned in your letter submission. This helps the editor fact-check letters.
DO: Submit a letter only to The Seattle Times — If your letter has been sent to another publication or published elsewhere in print, on a personal blog or on Facebook, we will not be able to use it.
DO: Submit as text  — Please include the text of the submission in the body of the email or in an attached Microsoft Word document. Please do not send us files in PDF format.
DO: Keep letter submissions short — 200 words or fewer.
DON’T: Send a PR pitch or send a letter as part of a mailing campaign — Don’t submit a letter related to your organization’s event or as part of a mailing campaign. News tips should be sent to newstips@seattletimes.com.
DON’T: Demand review of editing or headlines — Most editors are willing to discuss editing changes for brevity or clarity but are seldom patient with nitpicks. Titles on letters submitted are rarely used because of specific formatting requirements for print and digital publication. Headlines are written by someone who specializes in that skill.
DON’T: Use specialized jargon — Use common English.
DON’T: Follow-up contact — There's no need to call first to ask if we're interested. If we want to publish it, we'll contact you within five business days.
DON’T: Demand a letter be removed once it is published — The Seattle Times does not remove content online once it has been published. If something needs correcting, please follow up with the letters editor.
Questions?
Contact the letters editor at 206-464-2763.
How to submit an Op-EdThe Seattle Times welcomes submissions of guest commentaries. We receive more than a hundred unsolicited Op-Eds every week and have spots for only a few.
To be considered, a submission should have a strong opinion and be no longer than 650 words.
A guest column is for making arguments or comments on public policy or issues in the news. It is not a place for organizations or agencies merely to report on programs.
We give highest priority to local writers writing about local topics.
We require first-publication rights for print and online to all of our Op-Ed submissions. If your Op-Ed has been published elsewhere in print, on a personal blog or on Facebook, we will not be able to use it.
When we use a freelance article from you, you retain ownership of any copyright to the article and the right to resell it, subject to our right to edit, publish, republish and reproduce the article in publications and reprints of The Seattle Times Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates. This includes non-exclusive rights to use the article, in whole or in part, in electronic media, including searchable databases and electronic publications in any form and medium, which may include commercial database services where your work may be individually accessed.
Where to Send
Please send your submission by email: oped@seattletimes.com
If you do not hear from us within five business days, we likely will not be using your submission.
Please include the text of the submission in the body of the email or in an attached Microsoft Word document.
We do not publish Op-Eds written anonymously or under pseudonyms.
Please include a headshot of the author, minimum size 200 KB, and a biography of 30 words or fewer.
Please include Web URLs for statistics, facts and reports mentioned in your Op-Ed submission.
Writing guidelines: Do's and Don'ts for Op-ed Writers
DO have an opinion and state it forcefully. Many opinion pieces submitted are explanations of an issue rather than knowledgeable arguments about an issue.
DO be civil. It's perfectly appropriate to strongly criticize ideas, reasoning or positions that you disagree with. But it is not appropriate to make personal attacks.
DO present the case from the top down. It's usually better to begin with the premise of your opinion rather than assembling the facts and presenting a conclusion at the end.
DO be timely. Editorial sections prefer articles about current events rather than something that happened last year.
DO be patient. We usually work at least a week in advance.
DON'T submit Op-Eds that are written by organizations and then shopped around for an author or authors. That's a petition, not an Op-Ed.
DON'T key the Op-Ed off an invented "public awareness" event, such as Intellectual Property Day or Public Hospital Week. Indeed there might be something valuable and newsworthy to say about issues related to those or other areas, but the Op-Ed will be judged on its authentic news value, not on a created awareness event.
DON'T demand review of editing or headlines. Most editors are willing to discuss editing changes for brevity or clarity but are seldom patient with nitpicks. Titles on articles submitted are rarely used. Headlines are written by someone who specializes in that skill.
DON'T submit the same piece to different publications at the same time. Editors hate to see a piece on their desk appear in another print or online publication. As a general rule, ride one horse at a time.
For questions:Mark Higgins, deputy opinion editor / digital, (206) 464-2094
Website designQ: How do I navigate the website? Where do I find the comics, games, obituaries, etc.?A: Things look a little different at seattletimes.com, but the content you value is still there. We reorganized the website with readers in mind, providing multiple ways for you to find your favorites. At the top of each page, you’ll see the main categories for the page you’re on. (For example, the home page features the top level sections of seattletimes.com. If you go to the Sports section, you will see the main sports categories and links to local teams.)
You can always go back to the main categories of seattletimes.com by clicking on the new navicon menu located on the top left corner of any page.
Q: Where are the blogs?A: Blog content is now posted directly to the relevant section or subsection. Sports-related posts (such as Husky or Seahawks blogs) can be found in Sports, All You Can Eat is now in Food & Drink, and so on.
Q: I got a 404 page with a broken link. What do I do?A: We are sorry if you find a broken link, but if you see something wrong, please let us know so we can fix it as soon as possible. Contact us at seattletimes.com/contact to share your feedback. We value your input.
Q: A recent update to Google Chrome disabled Java by default, which prevents some games and puzzles on seattletimes.com to work correctly. As a Google Chrome user, how do I reenable Java to continue playing these games?A: There are two options:
Option 1: Use a browser other than Chrome (IE or Firefox) as they both have not disabled Java.Option 2: You can re-enable Java in Chrome version 42 and later by following these steps:
1. In your URL bar, enter: chrome://flags/#enable-npapi2. Click the Enable link for the Enable NPAPI configuration option3. Click the Relaunch button that now appears at the bottom of the configuration page
More informationQ: How do I get more information?A: If you would like more information or have additional questions, please use our online contact form or contact Customer Service at customercare@seattletimes.com or 1.800.542.0820 (mobile phones only outside of the U.S. and Canada).