http://www.nytco.com/policy
LAST REVISED: April 22, 2019
Cookie Policy
This Cookie Policy explains how cookies and similar technologies (collectively, “Cookie(s)”) are used when you visit our Site. A “Site” includes our websites, emails and other applications owned and operated by The New York Times Company (the “Company,” “our,” or “us”) as well as any other services that display this Cookie Policy. This policy explains what these technologies are and why they are used, as well as your right to control their use.
We may change this Cookie Policy at any time. Please take a look at the “LAST REVISED” date at the top of this page to see when this Cookie Policy was last revised. Any change in this Cookie Policy will become effective when we make the revised Cookie Policy available on or through the Site.
If you have any question, please contact us by email at privacy@nytimes.com, or write to us at the following address: The New York Times Company, 620 Eighth Avenue, New York, NY 10018, attn.: Privacy Counsel.
1. What Is A Cookie?
A cookie is a small text file (often including a unique identifier), that is sent to a user’s browser from a website’s computers and stored on a user’s computer’s hard drive or on a tablet or mobile device (collectively, “Computer”). A Cookie stores a small amount of data on your Computer about your visit to the Site.
We may also use “web beacons” (also known as “clear GIFs” or “pixel tags”) or similar technologies on our Site to enable us to know whether you have visited a web page or received a message. A web beacon is typically a one-pixel, transparent image (although it can be a visible image as well), located on a web page or in an email or other type of message, which is retrieved from a remote website on the internet enabling the verification of an individual’s viewing or receipt of a web page or message. A web beacon helps us to understand whether you came to our website from an online advertisement displayed on a third-party website, measure successes of email marketing campaigns and improve our website performance. They may also enable us to relate your viewing or receipt of a web page or message to other information about you, including your personal information. In many instances, web beacons rely on cookies to function properly, and so declining cookies will impair their functioning.
We place and access Cookies on your Computer; these Cookies are known as “first-party Cookies.” Cookies may also be placed and accessed by some of our third-party vendors, which are known as “third-party Cookies” and are described below. Some Cookies are “session Cookies,” which means that they are temporary Cookies that are only stored on your device while you are visiting our Site. Other Cookies are “persistent Cookies,” which means that they are stored on your device for a period of time after you leave our Site.
You can choose whether to accept Cookies by changing the settings on your browser. However, if you disable this function (or keep this function disabled, as set by default by certain browsers), your experience on the Site may be diminished and some features may not work as intended.
2. What Cookies Do We Use?
Below we list the different types of Cookies that are used on the Site that you are visiting.
To the extent any personal information is collected through first-party Cookies, our Privacy Policy applies and complements this Cookie Policy. Personal information collected through a third-party Cookie is subject to the privacy policy of that third party, and not our Privacy Policy.
Essential Cookies
Essential Cookies enable you to navigate the Site and to use its services and features. Without these necessary Cookies, the Site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like it to and we may not be able to provide the Site or certain services or features.
nytco-cookie-policy
Shows user’s decision to opt-in to using cookies
A first-party persistent cookie that expires within 4 months.
Preference Cookies
Preference Cookies collect information about your choices and preferences, and allow us to remember language or other local settings and customize the Site accordingly.
A17-fonts_cookie_sans-serif
Used to determine whether the site’s custom sans serif fonts have been loaded so that the default fonts can be swapped out.
Without this cookie the page display would block until the custom fonts are loaded
A first-party persistent cookie that expires within 1 day.
A17-fonts_cookie_serif
Used to determine whether the site’s custom serif fonts have been loaded so that the default fonts can be swapped out.
Without this cookie the page display would block until the custom fonts are loaded
A first-party persistent cookie that expires within 1 day.
Analytics Cookies
Analytics Cookies collect information about your use of the Site, and enable us to improve the way it works. For example, Analytics Cookies show us which are the most frequently visited pages on the Site, help us record any difficulties you have with the Site. Analytics Cookies allow us to see the overall patterns of usage on the Site, rather than the usage of a single person. We use information from Analytics Cookies to analyze the Site traffic, but we do not examine this information for individually identifying information.
_ga
Used to distinguish users
A first-party persistent cookie that expires in 2 years.
_gid
Used to distinguish users
A first-party persistent cookie that expires in 24 hours.
_gat
Used to throttle request rate
A first-party persistent cookie that expires in 24 hours.
3. How Do I Manage Cookies?
You can change your Cookie settings above by opting out of all Cookies.
You may refuse or accept Cookies from the Site or any other website at any time by activating settings on your browser. Most browsers automatically accept Cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline Cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline Cookies, you may not be able to sign in or use other interactive features of our Site that depend on Cookies. Information about the procedure to follow in order to enable or disable Cookies can be found at:
Chrome
Safari
Safari Mobile (iPhone and iPads)
Firefox
Microsoft Edge
For more information about other commonly used browsers, please refer to http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/.
Please be aware that if Cookies are disabled, not all features of the Site may operate as intended.
To opt-out of participating in Google Analytics data follow the instructions: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Your Tracker Settings
We use cookies and similar methods to recognize visitors and remember their preferences. To learn more about these methods, including how to disable them, view our Cookie Policy.
By clicking ‘‘I accept,’’ you consent to the processing of your data by us and third parties using the above methods. You can always change your tracker preferences by visiting our Cookie Policy
I Accept
Manage Trackers
Company
People
Diversity
History
Awards and Recognition
Social Responsibility
Journalism
Experience
Careers
Newsroom
Technology
Product and Design
Marketing
Investors
Collaborate
Contact
Press
Calendar
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
California Notice
Search for:
Menu