http://www.hearst.co.uk/cookie-policy/
Menu
Contact us
Breadcrumb
Cookies Policy
This Cookies Policy applies to the Digital Service linking to this Cookies Policy and forms part of the Privacy Notice, which describes our data handling practices and is available here. On the Digital Services, the Hearst group of companies ('we', 'us', 'our' or 'Hearst') and third parties, including our advertising- and marketing-related service providers and partners, use a variety of technologies including cookies ('Cookies and Similar Technologies'). Cookies and Similar Technologies vary depending on the Digital Services and include cookies, web beacons, tags, scripts, pixels, local shared objects (including HTML5 cookies) and software development kits ('SDKs').  You can read more below about the types of cookies we use, why we use them and how you can exercise your choices regarding Cookies and Similar Technologies.
WHAT ARE COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES?
The Digital Services automatically log certain information about visits to the Digital Services using Cookies and Similar Technologies, such as the number and frequency of visitors, technical information about browsers and devices used to access the Digital Services, and information about crashes or other technical issues.  The Cookies and Similar Technologies which log this information are necessary to allow the Digital Services to function.
We and third parties may automatically collect certain information through Cookies and Similar Technologies about your activities over time across the Digital Services as well as across third-party sites, apps or other media.  Cookies and Similar Technologies may be included in our web pages, mobile apps, emails, and other digital content.  They may assign or collect unique cookie IDs or other identifiers associated with your browser or device.  They may collect information while you are using our Digital Services or while they are running in the background of your device.
Cookies and Similar Technologies on the Digital Services may be served directly by Hearst (referred to as 'first-party cookies') or by others such as advertisers and data analytics companies (referred to as 'third-party cookies').
Cookies and Similar Technologies are browser- and device-specific and may endure for different periods of time.  Some are deleted automatically once you close your browser or exit the Digital Service. These are sometimes referred to as 'session cookies'. Other cookies are 'persistent cookies', meaning that they remain on your device after your browser is closed.
WHICH COOKIES DO WE USE AND WHY DO WE USE THEM?
Our Cookies Dashboard provides information on the different categories of Cookies and Similar Technologies that the Digital Services use, the companies that serve them and why we use them. The Cookies Dashboard is always available from our websites. If you have any questions about our use of Cookies and Similar Technologies please contact us using the details provided in the 'Contact Us' section of our Privacy Notice.
YOUR CHOICES, INCLUDING OPT-OUTS
Cookies and Similar Technologies help us, our service providers and business partners provide and customise the Digital Services. You have the right to choose whether or not to accept certain Cookies and Similar Technologies. However, if you choose to refuse or remove Cookies and Similar Technologies, this could affect the availability and functionality the Digital Services.
Please use the Cookies Dashboard to adjust your preferences. Additionally, depending on how you access the Digital Services, you may exercise your choices through other channels as indicated below:
Website (Browser) Opt-Out
Most browsers accept cookies by default. You may be able to change the settings to have your browser refuse certain Cookies and Similar Technologies or notify you before accepting cookies. To do so, please follow the instructions provided by your browser which are usually located within the 'Help', 'Tools' or 'Edit' facility. Some third parties also provide the ability to refuse their cookies directly by clicking on an opt-out link and you should review the cookies policy of the relevant third party to find out more about their cookies.
You can also follow the instructions provided by the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance ('EDAA') here to opt-out of Cookies from companies that have chosen to participate in the EDAA’s opt-out scheme.
Mobile App Opt-Out
To limit tracking for advertising purposes on your mobile device, you can review and adjust the settings provided by your device manufacturer, such as 'Limit Ad Tracking' for iOS or 'Opt-out of interest-based ads' for Android.
Please keep in mind that as the mobile environment continues to evolve, additional opt-out mechanisms or privacy settings may become available. We encourage you to review the information on opt-outs and settings that device manufacturers, technology companies and industry associations make available to you also.
More Information
For further information about Cookies and Similar Technologies and how to exercise your choices, please visit www.allaboutcookies.org and www.youronlinechoices.eu.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about our use of cookies, please contact us as described in the Privacy Notice.
Last updated:  24 May 2018
Let's work together
Please get in touch using the form below to speak with a member of the Hearst Solutions team.
Enquiry type
Select enquiry type
General
New Business
Careers
First name
Last name
Email
Phone
Company
Website
Message
Budget
Budget
None
£500-£5000
£5000+
Hearst UK will also email you about our products and services as detailed in our Privacy Notice. Tick this box if you'd rather not receive these emails.
Solutions
Sectors
Brands
The Beacon
Case Studies
About us
Media Centre
Careers
Contact us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy policy
Cookies policy
Advertiser Terms
Complaints Policy
Environmental Policy
Statement of Investment Principles
Modern Slavery Statement
Reports
© Hearst UK, The National Magazine Company Ltd.   Registered in England Number 112955
Close
Solutions
Sectors
Brands
The Beacon
Case Studies
About us
Media Centre
Careers
Contact us
Search