http://www.usatoday.com/money/companies/2006-05-11-biz-privacy-usat_x.htm
NSA SURVEILLANCEOpinion: Congress in the dark | Specter: My bill would provide lightACLU, NSA to head to courtVP pressured panel, Specter saysSenators won't grill phone companiesFCC: NSA probe impossiblePre-9/11 records help flag suspicious callingMore
WHAT THE PHONE COMPANIES HAVE TO SAYStatements from the three telephone companies that USA TODAY reported helped the National Security Agency collect records of domestic phone calls without court authorization.AT&T"AT&T has a long history of vigorously protecting consumer privacy. Our customers expect, deserve and receive nothing less than our fullest commitment to their privacy."We also have an obligation to assist law enforcement and other government agencies responsible for protecting the public welfare, whether it be an individual or the security interests of the entire nation."We prize the trust our customers place in us. If and when AT&T is asked to help, we do so strictly within the law and under the most stringent conditions. Beyond that, we don't comment on matters of national security."BellSouth"BellSouth does not provide any confidential customer information to the NSA or any governmental agency without proper legal authority."Verizon"We do not comment on national security matters, we act in full compliance with the law, and we are committed to safeguarding our customers' privacy."
'Climate has changed' for data privacy
Updated 5/12/2006 9:15 AM ET
By Paul Davidson, USA TODAY
A USA TODAY report Thursday that a U.S. spy agency has been secretly collecting phone-call records of millions of Americans is just the latest case of companies turning over private customer data to the government.
Since the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks, airlines, websites and Las Vegas hotels have divulged private customer information to federal authorities hunting for terrorists or criminals.
"The climate has changed, and many companies give less weight to the privacy interests of their customers," says David Sobel of the Electronic Privacy Information Center (EPIC).
FINANCIAL PRIVACY: Banks, insurers required to report suspicious activity
Yet privacy advocates say the new case is more egregious because phone records are afforded even greater protections and the information was obtained without a warrant.
"It's an inexcusable violation of the trust we place in the phone company to maintain the privacy of communications," says Kevin Bankston of advocacy group Electronic Frontier Foundation. The group sued AT&T in January for aiding the National Security Agency in eavesdropping.
The NSA obtained the call records from AT&T, Verizon and BellSouth, which are working under contract with the NSA, USA TODAY reported. Qwest refused to turn over its information out of legal concerns. The NSA did not get approval from a special court set up to OK electronic surveillance of suspected terrorists.
It's unclear whether the government used another legal tool, such as a "national security letter," which allows the FBI to secretly obtain customer records without court approval.
Sobel, though, said national security letters "always have been used fairly surgically" as part of specific investigations.
The Bush administration has argued the USA Patriot Act gives it wide authority to protect citizens. Other customer-data cases:
• The most similar incident occurred after the 2001 attacks, when airlines including American, Delta, JetBlue and Northwest shared millions of passenger records with the government or federal contractors.
Yet the airlines were simply violating their own policies not to disclose customer records, and those promises "were never very clear," says Marc Rotenberg, EPIC's executive director. The Transportation Department dismissed a complaint against Northwest because its policy merely said it would not sell data. It didn't address sharing it with the government.
• When intelligence suggested a possible 2003 New Year's Eve attack in Las Vegas, the government began assembling records of about 270,000 hotel guests and airplane passengers who visited the city Dec. 22 to Jan. 1, the Las Vegas Review-Journal reported. Yet there was no specific and credible terrorist threat, the newspaper said.
• Last year, the Justice Department demanded that AOL, Yahoo, Microsoft MSN and Google hand over customer search records in a bid to prove that filtering software doesn't screen kids from online porn. Only Google refused, and a judge ultimately ruled that the search giant need turn over only 50,000 Web addresses, not the 1 million originally subpoenaed. Also, Justice said the information would not identify individuals.
Posted 5/11/2006 10:24 PM ET
Updated 5/12/2006 9:15 AM ET