http://www.sej.org/sejorg-privacy-and-security-policies
Jump to navigation
Mobile Navigation
Home
Headlines
Calendar
SEJournal
Donate to SEJ
HeadlinesEJToday: Top Headlines
WatchDog Alert
River of News
SEJournal OnlineSpecial Reports
TipSheet
Reporter's Toolbox
WatchDog
Backgrounders
BookShelf
EJ Academy
EJ InSight
Features
FEJ StoryLog
Freelance Files
Inside Story
SEJ News
InitiativesSEJ Annual Conferences
SEJ Awards for Reporting on the Environment
Awards, Grants, Fellowships & Workshops
Climate Change Guide
Diverse Perspectives
Freedom of Information
Fund for Environmental Journalism
Mentor Program
SEJ Regional Conferences, Meet-Ups and Webinars
Young Journalists and the News
WatchDog Alert
CalendarAll Events
Awards
News Events/Press Conferences
Professional Meetings
SEJ Annual Conferences
SEJ Regional Conferences, Meet-Ups and Webinars
Workshops and Fellowships
Other Events
LibrarySEJ Publications
Blogs and More
Books
Environmental Issue Areas
Featured Journalists
Freelance
Jobs
Reporting Tools
SEJ Canada
SEJ Español
Source Lists
Teaching Tools
Useful Links
About SEJVision and Mission
History
SEJ Bylaws, Policies, Agreements and Guidelines
SEJ Executive Director's Report
SEJ President's Report
Accolades
Board & Staff
Board Meetings
Donate
Form 990s
Funding Sources
Join SEJ
Obituaries/Deaths in the SEJ Family
Past SEJ Board Presidents
Renew Your Membership
Sign Up for SEJ Discussion Listservs (members only)
Strategic Plan
Subscribe to SEJ Info Mailing Lists
Volunteer With SEJ
SEJ - The Short List
Climate Change Policy Likely To Permeate Executive Under Biden
What will climate change policy look like under a Biden administration? If nothing else, it appears it will be broadly based across a wide range of executive branch operations. This week’s TipSheet walks you through the top 10 federal departments, agencies and spending centers and how they will pivot to focus on global warming.
GO
Gratitude and Grit at the End of 2020
That's what SEJ Board President Meera Subramanian offers — and asks for — in her latest report on the state of the Society of Environmental Journalists. Plus, board elections, bylaw amendments and webinar initiatives.
GO
SEJ's Fund for Environmental Journalism Awards $46,516 in New Rapid Response Grants
December 1, 2020 — SEJ's Fund for Environmental Journalism has awarded an additional $46,516 for 13 new story projects selected via its Rapid Response story project grants on a wide range of environmental issues and regions.
GO
Donate to SEJ
Journalists are heroes of democracy. This holiday season, we're asking you to honor your journalism heroes by supporting SEJ's work to increase and improve environmental journalism. If you have a journalism hero, tell us using #HonoringTheHeroes. Make a contribution to SEJ in their name and we'll add them to our Wall of Heroes. And you'll both know that you're helping the reporters who tell the world's greatest stories.
GO
SEJ Publication Highlights
Searching for Narrative in the Groundwater Where It Happens
12/09/2020 –
A graduate field scientist-cum-multimedia storyteller trains her eye on the confounding challenges of western water, with award-winning student reporting on three family farms that face the draining of critical groundwater basins. Could land that drought makes untenable for farming be restored as habitat for endangered species? That, plus how the “ladder of abstraction” helped her tell the tale. The most recent entry in EJ Academy.
VIEW ARTICLE
Grant Gives Reporter Time To Immerse in Sewage Story
12/09/2020 –
The “underworld” of sewage treatment had fascinated one journalist for years. But it was only after winning a reporting grant that Christine Woodside had the luxury of spending dozens of hours to focus on how one old, malfunctioning plant left a local community appalled and angered. Woodside shares the details in the latest installment of SEJournal’s newest column, FEJ StoryLog.
VIEW ARTICLE
Reporter, Wearing Two Hats, Journeys Into Filmmaking
12/02/2020 –
For Boston Globe environment reporter David Abel, a side project shooting video of the 2013 Boston Marathon sealed his passion for nonfiction filmmaking, one that has since yielded four high-profile nature documentaries. In EJ InSight, Abel traces that path and details how he balances his environment reporting and filmmaking. Plus, view images from Abel’s documentary work.
VIEW ARTICLE
Enjoy our selection of quotes celebrating journalism and free speech. Submit yours! Click here.
"I have a foreboding of an America in my children's or grandchildren's time, when the United States is a service and information economy ... when awesome technological powers are in the hands of a very few, and no one representing the public interest can even grasp the issues; when the people have lost the ability to set their own agendas or knowledgeably question those in authority."
— Carl Sagan, “The Demon-Haunted World,” Random House, 1995
Headlines
Earth Still Sailing Into Climate Chaos, UN Says, But Course Could Shift
NYTimes, 12/10/2020
In Georgia, Hit by Hurricanes and Drought, Climate Change Is on Ballot
Inside Climate News, 12/10/2020
SW US Communities And Hispanics Most Likely To Have Arsenic-Laden Water
EHN, 12/10/2020
"Abandoned Oil And Gas Wells Leave The Ocean Floor Spewing Methane"
Daily Climate, 12/10/2020
550+ Green Groups Call for Biden to Act on Plastics Pollution in 2021
DeSmog, 12/10/2020
Climate Crisis Is Killing Some of Earth's Oldest Living Things
NYTimes, 12/10/2020
Vilsack Gets Lukewarm Response From Reformers As Biden USDA Pick
The Hill, 12/10/2020
"Coronavirus Slows Safety Reforms In Bangladesh Ship-Breaking Industry"
Thomson Reuters Fdn., 12/10/2020
"Newsom Taps New Head Of Powerful California Air Board"
AP, 12/10/2020
"Why The Fate Of Scotland's Salmon Depends On Its Forests"
DW, 12/10/2020
ALL HEADLINES
Find out about our
Freedom of Information
Task Force.
SEJ 30th Anniversary Conference: #SEJ2020/Virtual &
#SEJ2021/Boise, ID
Board Business
(SEJ members only; log-in required)
Journalism Job Links
Sign Up for SEJ Listservs & Info
SEJ.org is a treasure chest of information useful to your reporting. Search website content by environmental issue, including:
Follow us on FaceBook
Follow SEJ: @sejorg
Follow SEJ Members:
@https://twitter.com/sejorg/sej-members
If you're a member, join the SEJ Members Facebook group
WHY Join SEJ?
SEJ's mission is to strengthen coverage of environment, energy, health and climate news, by supporting the journalists who report that news. The benefits of joining include: access to grants for environmental reporting; mentoring by experienced journalists; and members-only e-mailing lists for sharing professional tips, news, and information. SEJ members meet and learn face-to-face from fellow members, other media professionals and topic experts, at our annual conference and volunteer-organized regional gatherings.
Journalists, students and educators:
Advertisements
Advertise with SEJ
Upcoming Calendar Events
Monday, December 14, 2020
DEADLINE: HCN Climate Justice Fellow
Friday, December 18, 2020
DEADLINE: Donald W. Reynolds Journalism Institute Fellowships
Friday, January 8, 2021
DEADLINE: George Polk Awards
Donate to SEJ
SEJ's Board of Directors is actively seeking donations from individuals from all walks of life.
Tweets by @sejorg