http://www.theleafchronicle.com/story/news/local/clarksville/2020/09/24/blackhorse-vs-clarksville-city-pay-legal-fees-under-requested-amount/5858814002/
Clarksville to pay Blackhorse lawyers $30,000, instead of $800,000 sought, judge rulesJimmy Settle Nicole YoungClarksville Leaf-ChronicleThe city of Clarksville this week is claiming another victory in its long-standing legal battle with Blackhorse Pub & Brewery owners Jeff and Sherri Robinson, but the couple says the battle is only halfway over.In a new ruling, a trial court judge has ordered the City of Clarksville to pay the couple $30,000 in attorney fees. They originally requested $800,000.The ruling says only two local attorneys out of five lawyers, including two Nashville attorneys, representing the Robinsons and their Franklin Street Corporation should be compensated in connection with the one claim out of six on which they were successful.In November 2019, a Montgomery County Circuit Court jury returned a verdict in favor of the Robinsons’ Franklin Street Corporation on a claim of inverse condemnation, the last remaining count in the lawsuit, which argued that the city had “taken” a small part of land owned by the plaintiffs when it installed a sewer line near the Robinsons’ Blackhorse Pub & Brewery at 132 Franklin St.The jury awarded the Robinsons damages of $8,335 plus attorney fees. They had sought more than $10 million.Davidson County Circuit Court Judge Joseph P. Binkley Jr., who was assigned the case after local judges recused themselves, issued the ruling on the Robinsons' attorney fee request last week, the city said in a Monday news release.Mayor Joe Pitts called the judge’s order “a major legal victory for the citizens of Clarksville.” “The city has successfully defended itself against a torrent of legal claims and maneuvers seeking millions of dollars in damages and more than $800,000 in attorneys fees,” Pitts said in the release. “To date, the city has prevailed on five of six claims brought by the Robinsons. On the single count they won, a jury awarded the plaintiffs $8,335 in damages and the judge awarded them $30,000 in lawyers fees."These results vindicate the city’s decisions to protect taxpayers’ interests in court and adhere to the principle that the city should not pay off meritless claims, and should not pay more than a reasonable amount for legally valid claims."In awarding attorneys fees, Binkley wrote that the Robinsons’ “attorneys' explanations of time entries do not provide the required sufficient detail ... for the Court to determine that the stated hours were actually and reasonably spent in the prosecution of the inverse condemnation claim.”Binkley wrote that the “most appropriate and fair method to assess the attorney fees is to determine the range that comparable attorneys would charge to try an inverse condemnation case in Clarksville.”Jeff Robinson acknowledged the judge's latest ruling later Monday, but said his side disagrees with it, and several other prior rulings in the case."It will be added to our list of appeals, which can finally get started now," Robinson said, adding that despite the lower assessment of $30,000 the city incurred, the city's cost of trying the case against him continues to pile up on local taxpayers' tab. On the city council floor recently, that running total has been quoted at close to $1.5 million.The council recently rejected another proposal led by Councilman David Allen to settle the entire matter for around $1.2 million.Robinson's camp is now pursuing appeals and a federal suit."The city has successfully prevented us from expanding the Blackhorse for four years, though," Robinson said. "Other than that, the city has accomplished nothing but paying big fees to Nashville lawyers. There is no resolution. The federal suit is just getting going."The court battle began while Kim McMillan was Clarksville mayor. It was inherited by the Pitts administration."Since there is no alley as (former) Mayor (Johnny) Piper originally promised, Mayor Pitts has to call me for permission to access the city utilities behind our buildings," Robinson said. "We are probably halfway through this battle. It’s always amazed me that Mayor Pitts has put so much time and money into this effort to prove the city doesn’t have to honor its promises and to try to take a citizen's private property without paying for it."In making this latest determination in the city's favor, the Court relied heavily on the affidavits of Clarksville attorneys Dan L. Nolan, Roger A Maness, Mark A. Rassas and M. Joel Wallace, which the city presented in its response to the plaintiffs’ request for award of fees, according to the city's release.The affidavits outlined hourly fees and charges. They also led the judge to conclude that "a reasonable amount of time to prepare and to try this inverse condemnation case to a jury verdict is approximately 100 hours,” the order said.The legal battle continuesThe Robinsons originally sued the city in 2016, alleging six separate causes of action.The claims included breach of contract, violation of civil rights, promissory estoppel and inverse condemnation. Five claims, all but the inverse condemnation count, were dismissed by the court prior to trial.The promissory estoppel claim, a central issue in the dispute pertaining to an "alleged promise by (Piper)," as the city phrases it, upon which the plaintiffs were seeking millions of dollars in damages, was dismissed outright by Binkley in October 2019.Binkley granted the city’s motion for summary judgement, agreeing with the city on its arguments that there was no written contract or enforceable promise to build an alley; that the City Council never approved anything other than the purchase of the property and the installation of utilities; and if then-Mayor Johnny Piper had made a verbal promise, it could not be enforced beyond his term of office; and that even if there were a promise made solely by a mayor, it is not binding on the City Council since all such actions must be approved by the City Council as a body as required by the City Charter; that the 2002 City Council could not bind future administrations to a prior mayoral promise; and that the Robinson’s claim was barred by the statute of limitations. But the battle continues: The Robinsons and Franklin Street Corporation have filed a motion for new trial on the inverse condemnation claim, and they have filed an appeal in the Tennessee Court of Appeals in which they argue their five other claims should not have been dismissed prior to trial.In addition, Franklin Street Corporation has recently filed yet another lawsuit in federal court alleging the same claims as in the state court action.  The city has already filed a motion to dismiss that lawsuit.Reach Jimmy Settle at jimmysettle@theleafchronicle.com or 931-245-0247.