http://www.easternecho.com/page/privacy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy was adapted from the Automattic privacy policy, and is licensed under a Creative Commons Sharealike license.
This privacy policy applies to the following web sites and services: easternecho.com.
Visitors
Like most website operators, The Eastern Echo collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. The Eastern Echo's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how The Eastern Echo's visitors use its website.
The Eastern Echo also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. The Easter Echo does not use such information to identify its visitors, however, and does not disclose such information, other than under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information, as described below.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to The Eastern Echo's websites choose to interact with The Eastern Echo in ways that require The Eastern Echo to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that The Eastern Echo gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who comment to an email address. In each case, The Eastern Echo collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with The Eastern Echo. The Eastern Echo does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
The Eastern Echo may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. For instance, The Eastern Echo may monitor the most popular articles or comments on the easternecho.com site. The Eastern Echo may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, The Eastern Echo does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
The Eastern Echo discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on The Eastern Echo's behalf or to provide services available at The Eastern Echo's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using The Eastern Echo's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. The Eastern Echo will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, The Eastern Echo discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only when required to do so by law, or when The Eastern Echo believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of The Eastern Echo, third parties or the public at large. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. The Eastern Echo takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. The Eastern Echo uses cookies to help The Eastern Echo identify and track visitors, and their website access preferences. The Eastern Echo visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using The Eastern Echo's websites, with the drawback that certain features of The Eastern Echo's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by The Eastern Echo and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, The Eastern Echo may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in The Eastern Echo's sole discretion. The Eastern Echo encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Legal Actions & Disputes
By accessing this website, user agrees that jurisdiction and venue for any and all legal actions or disputes against The Eastern Echo and any of its employees shall be governed by the laws of the United States of America and the State of Michigan.
Most Popular
12/6/2020, 2:25pm
Campus Area Crime Map: Dec. 1 through Dec. 5
By Tyler Gaw
The campus–area crime map is a report of criminal activity that has been reported in the Ypsilanti-area as well as on the campus of Eastern Michigan University.
12/6/2020, 8:51pm
Review: 'Adventure Time: Distant Lands' brings back a childhood favorite for many
12/6/2020, 8:41pm
College of Business goes virtual with 2020 Digital Marketing Workshops and Entrepreneurship Speaker Series
12/6/2020, 8:48pm
Review: Miley Cyrus serves up a Rock n' Roll masterpiece with new album 'Plastic Hearts'
Podcast
11/29/2020, 9:35am
The Factory Report: Rob Murphy, EMU Men's Basketball Coach
11/22/2020, 9:12pm
Podcast: National Family History Day feat. Eagle Nutrition Services
11/16/2020, 5:43pm
Podcast: College of Engineering and Technology launches middle school STEM program; Local election results; Eagles lose to Ball State
11/14/2020, 8:40pm
Podcast: How EMU freshmen are adapting to life in a pandemic
Tweets by TheEasternEcho