http://www.newtownbee.com/privacy-policy/
Log In
Reset Password
To purchase photos visit http://photos.newtownbee.com
Close
Welcome, User
Login
Register
Newtown, CT, USA
Newtown, CT, USA
Search
Welcome, UserLoginRegisterSubscribe
Contact
Newtown, CT, USA
Newtown, CT, USA
Search
Contact Us/About Us
Place An Ad
Photo Reprints
Submission Forms
Article Archive
News
Business
Features
Police Reports
Sports
Education
Living
Cultural Events
Games
Health
Religion
Restaurants
Way We Were
Opinion
Editorials
How To Submit A Letter To The Editor
Letters to the Editor
Calendar
Obituaries
Classifieds
How to Place a Classified Ad
Subscribe
Contact
The Bee Publishing Company is committed to providing visitors to The Newtown Bee Online with a website that respects their privacy. We do not automatically gather any personal information from you, such as your name, phone number, or email address. This information is only obtained if you supply it voluntarily.
When you visit this website, our web server automatically collects a limited amount of information essential for the operation and security of our website and any other sites that reside on the server. Some of this information (eg. browser type) does not identify who you are. Other information, such as your Internet Domain name or Internet Protocol (IP) address, may identify you depending, in large part, on the naming standards followed by your Internet service provider. You may wish to ask them about their policies and practices in this regard. We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked, by us, to personally identifiable information.
The Bee Publishing Company is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways that will generate unwanted email, phone calls, or direct marketing for you. We may share some aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.
This web site contains links to other sites. The Bee Publishing Company is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this website.
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our site so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
Recent Posts
Recent Comments
We Will Not Forget
Board Of Education Union Coalition Leaders Present Petitions To Governor NewArts Virtual ‘Christmas Carol’ Mixing Seasoned Actors With Local Talent School Leaders Respond To Parent Concerns Over Remote Learning
Weekly Question: What Is The Best Act Of Kindness You Have Ever Received?
Absolutely absurd......."Most Trump supporter do not give the true reason they voted for him because they are ashamed to say, or do not realize themselves, it is about race."Fighting The Deadly VirusRegarding the last line, an objective reading of statute shows that the state regulates carry of firearms through its permitting process.
Firearm sales and hunting regulation are two area's that ordinances have been challenged and struck down on based on preemption, but the logic follows.
I believe firearms should be regulated at the state level, so there is consistency across the 169 towns. As for potentially passing a local ordinance, it will ultimately be a court that decides its legality and I cannot in good conscious commit the taxpayers of Newtown to shoulder the exorbitant legal costs of defending an action I believe would be in violation of state statute, and doing so would violate the Town's Code of Ethics.
My comments are my own and not on behalf of the Legislative Council of which I am a member.Council Votes To Research Open Carry Of Firearms On Town PropertyIs it legal to leave your handgun in a locked car?Support For The Three Town Gun OrdinancesFirstly, it is very easy to register and vote in Connecticut and America and I am glad to see people exercise that right.
I am not against absentee voting, but feel it should be safe and secure.
It is not with ballot harvesting because it introduces an unaccountable third party between the voter and election officials, with little to no way to prove wrong doing with short of an unsolicited confession.
Both of the instances above were targeted against people of color, and serve only to further disenfranchise both voters and candidates in those communities. Nothing dissuades and suppresses voters more than feeling the system is rigged and their vote does not matter.
Restoring confidence in elections by bolstering election integrity should be a bipartisan goal.Expanded Absentee Voting Increases Abuse OpportunitiesMany people seem to like the options of how to vote, why not support them and strive towards even a higher percentage of registered votes casting their ballot. No reason to have to travel to the voting locations, this is 2020, not 1975. Since you only vote once why would you care if we have a longer voting time than one day, hey how about a national Voter day.
Lets do all we can to encourage voting.Expanded Absentee Voting Increases Abuse Opportunities
<< Dec 2020 >>
SMTWTFS
29
30
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
1
2
This Week's Poll
Can you write in cursive?YesNo What's cursive? HandwritingOther227 votes · 227 answersVoteResults
Subscribe
Login/Subscriber
Services
Privacy Policy
About Us
Contact Us
How to Submit a Press Release
The Newtown Bee
THE NEWTOWN BEE | 5 CHURCH HILL ROAD | NEWTOWN CT 06470
203-426-3141
Copyright ©2019 The Newtown Bee / All rights reserved