http://www.alexcityoutlook.com/site/privacy.html
Sign Up
Log In
Dashboard
Logout
My Account
Dashboard
Profile
Saved items
Logout
Home
About Us
Calendar
Contact Us
Subscribe
Terms of Use
Submission forms
News
COVID-19 Special Coverage
Alexander City
Dadeville
New Site
Camp Hill
Jacksons Gap
Tallapoosa County
Coosa County
Lake Martin
Education
Arts & Entertainment
Crime
Sports
Benjamin Russell
Dadeville High School
Horseshoe Bend
Reeltown High School
Central Coosa
Southern Prep
Auburn
Alabama
CACC
Youth sports
Outdoors
Sports columnists
Opinion
Letters to the Editor
Our View
Columnists
Obituaries
Multimedia
Photo Galleries
Videos
e-Edition
Classifieds
Toggle navigation
Menu
Home
PRIVACY POLICYAt Tallapoosa Publishers, Inc (TPI), privacy is a top priority. In regard, we provide the following policy on information gathered on our sites (alexcityoutlook.com, thewetumpkaherald.com, tallasseetribune.com, lakemagazine.life, and lakemartinmagazine.com) with respect to the use of cookie collection and storage.INTRODUCTIONKey terms applicable to user privacy:INFORMATION NOT COLLECTEDpersonally identifiable information (PII)data collected with an intention to identify and make contact with a person, such as name, address, phone number or email address, also known as PIIany information about any child 18 years and youngerINFORMATION COLLECTEDnon-personally identifiable informationIP address, browser types, operating systems, domain names, access dates and times, referring website addresses, online transactions and browsing and search activity non-PIIHOW NON-PII INFORMATION IS USEDAs part of our ongoing efforts to deliver the most applicably targeted advertisements to our clients, TPI may use log files, web beacons, and cookies to collect data from browsers, advertisers and third-party sites to aggregate information.TPI may use non-PII to improve targeting and optimization in order to deliver more relevant advertisements. This information enables us to determine well-performing advertisements, to more effectively match advertisements to your interests, assists us in improving the operation of our services, help us maintain the quality of our services and enables us to provide general statistics to our business partners.  TPI may perform statistical analyses of its sites to measure consumer acceptance, to gauge relative interest in various parts of the sites and to inform advertisers as to how many consumers have seen or “clicked” their advertising banners. In performance of these analyses, we will disclose user behavior information to third parties in aggregate form. We will in no way give your personal information to any third party without your expressed consent.Although it is not the policy of TPI to sell or make available information to unrelated third parties, TPI may occasionally share information with other divisions in the company. We may also inform advertisers of the results of such analyses. Under any circumstance, TPI will refer only to general, aggregate usage data from these analyses – never identity-specific information.Users should keep in mind when posting usernames or email addresses on bulletin boards, social media or in other user-posted content areas, that information along with any information in their postings can be read by any third parties and may result in unsolicited messages from other posters or third parties. TPI cannot be held responsible for solicitation under these circumstances.SECURITYTPI uses reasonable and appropriate security measures to protect users’ non-PII data.CHILDREN’S PRIVACYTPI is very sensitive to the issue of privacy rights of children. No information should be submitted to or posted at our sites by persons under 13 years of age. TPI does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 and does not sell such information. If we discover we have received any information from a child under 13 in violation of this policy, we will delete that information immediately. If you believe TPI has any information from or about anyone under the age of 13, please contact us immediately at the address listed below.Children should have permission from parents before sending any information about themselves (such as their names, email addresses and phone numbers) over the internet to us or to anyone else. We will not knowingly allow anyone under 13 to register with us or to provide any other personal information.
Lake Scene Directory
Alexander City, AL
Right Now
41°
Fair
Humidity: 95%
Feels Like: 41°
Heat Index: 41°
Wind:
0 mph
Wind Chill: 41°
UV Index: 0 Low
Sunrise: 06:35:59 AM
Sunset: 04:37:27 PM
Dew Point: 39°
Visibility: 10 mi
Today
Clear skies. Low 38F. Winds light and variable.
Tonight
Clear skies. Low 38F. Winds light and variable.
Tomorrow
Intervals of clouds and sunshine. High 66F. Winds light and variable.
UpcomingRadar7 Day
Online Poll
Have you finished your Christmas shopping?
You voted:
Yes
No
Vote
View Results
Back
© Copyright 2020 Alex City Outlook, 548 Cherokee Road Alexander City, AL | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.