http://www.acadiananow.com/story/news/local/2020/09/24/traford-pellerin-shooting-lafayette-police-use-force-policy-revised-requires-de-escalation/3524300001/
LOCALLafayette police revises use-of-force policy, bans chokeholds, requires de-escalationAshley WhiteLafayette Daily AdvertiserLafayette police officers no longer can use chokeholds, must use de-escalation techniques and must intervene when they see another officer use unreasonable force.The changes are among the revisions made to the Lafayette Police Department's use-of-force policy. The updates come a month after Lafayette police officers shot and killed 31-year-old Trayford Pellerin, a Black man, after being called to a disturbance with a person with a knife in August. Work on the updates, which include ideas from the national 8 Can't Wait Campaign for police reforms, began after the death of George Floyd in May when a Minneapolis police officer kneeled on his neck.Crime:Lafayette police seeking suspect in second-degree murder case after shootingTwo Lafayette attorneys brought the national campaign ideas to Carlos Harvin, chief of minority affairs for Lafayette Consolidated Government. Harvin then spearheaded a committee to address the police department's use-of-force policy, said Jamie Angelle, spokesperson for the city-parish government.The Lafayette chapter of the NAACP also requested the campaign's suggestions be implemented following the Aug. 21 death of Pellerin, who authorities said had a knife when he tried to enter a Northeast Evangeline Thruway convenience store. The department was already practicing a majority of the initiative's recommended policies, Angelle said.The revisions include banning chokeholds and strangleholds, except in the case of "reasonable use of deadly force in the defense of  human life, and never as an effort to recover ingested evidence."Related:Police training cited as defense in many use-of-force cases, but experts say it's outdated.Officers must now use de-escalation techniques, which was practiced and taught but not in the department's use-of-force policy. Training included initial and annual de-escalation courses provided by a consultant group. "De-escalation shall be used on all potential use-of-force incidents when safe and feasible," according to the policy update. "De-escalation may include the use of such techniques as verbal skill, warnings, time, distance, positioning, and additional personnel and resources."The policy revision included a section mandating officers to intervene and notify the appropriate supervisory authority if they see another employee engage in unreasonable use-of force or if they become aware of a violation of department policy or law. That intervention must be immediate when the action could result in injury or death, or violates constitutional or civil rights. The updated use-of-force policy also keeps rules from an earlier policy, including requiring officers to issue a verbal warning before firing their weapon. Another retained police states officers may only use deadly force when they reasonably believe it is necessary to defend their own life or that of another person in immediate danger of death or serious physical injury. The revisions also include changes to the use-of-force reports completed by officers, who are now required to track and report de-escalation efforts and instances when an officer brandishes their gun to gain compliance. Those reports are now to be analyzed by the Internal Affairs supervisor identifying trends related to race, age and gender of people involved; trends or patterns resulting in injury; and the impacts of findings on policies, practices, equipment and training. The changes are in the process of being reviewed and approved, Angelle said. The committee that recommended the revisions includes Harvin, Interim Police Chief Scott Morgan, Services Captain Brad Ridge, Training Director Sgt. Toby Delahoussaye, attorney Faith Flugence and Xavieria Jeffers, and community member Alzina Dural.To read all of the changes, see the press release issued by Angelle below.Contact Ashley White at adwhite@theadvertiser.com or on Twitter @AshleyyDi.