http://www.icfj.org/privacy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
The International Center for Journalists is committed to protecting the privacy of individuals we serve. We request and manage personal information only so individuals can apply to our programs or receive our newsletters. You are not required to share any information with us, but without it we may be unable to include you as a participant in our exciting programs or provide you with our free services and information. We never sell personal information, and we share it only for the purpose of running our programs, as outlined below.
If you subscribe to any of our mailing lists on ICFJ or IJNet websites, we ask only for your email address. You can unsubscribe at any time. To do so, there are simple instructions at the bottom of each email or you may contact us via the websites.
If you apply to an ICFJ program, we ask for your email address and basic contact information such as your physical address. We use this to inform you about acceptances and updates on the program. If you are accepted into an ICFJ program, the information from your application will be used to facilitate your participation, as described below. We will delete your information after a period of three years.
If you participate in an ICFJ program or work as a consultant for our programs, we will ask you to sign an agreement so that we can use your information to make travel plans, process visas, make payments, etc. This information may include your email address, general contact information, passport details and bank information. We will delete your information three years after the program has ended.
If you are a donor or funder of an ICFJ program, please see our donor privacy policy.
If you are a participant in ICFJ research, including surveys and interviews, we will operate in accordance with the highest journalism and academic research ethics and standards: always require you to opt-in as participants in our research; explicitly require you to opt in to provide personal or identifying data at the point of data collection; offer you the opportunity to be identified in our published research and to participate in our research longer term if you desire; ensure that identifying information is removed from the research data and that the data are aggregated prior to publication, except when research participants have explicitly opted in for identification; ensure that research data are accessible only to ICFJ research staff and academic partners bound by the same privacy and data protection principles; ensure that research data is stored and protected according to the principles detailed below.
How we protect data
ICFJ stores all personal data on professionally maintained servers that are secured by a firewall and encrypted, cloud-based services, which can be accessed only by ICFJ staff and our IT team. To run our programs and communicate effectively with you, we may store personal information on third-party platforms, including SalesForce, MailChimp, Survey Monkey, and FormAssembly.
Our websites
The ICFJ and IJNet websites are committed to providing you with professional insights and training opportunities. We do not collect personal data on our websites.
We use Google Analytics to help us improve our usefulness to you. The analytics show us general, not personal, information such as how users interact with the site (including browser names and operating systems and whether a reader accesses the site from a computer or mobile device. You can find out more information about Google’s privacy policy, including how to opt-out of Google Analytics tracking.
Google Analytics and other services may use web browser cookies to improve the user experience. You can manage your cookie settings in your web browser or disable them. If you disable cookies, some features of our websites may not function properly.
Contacting us
Our privacy policy is subject to change to ensure that we’re doing our best to protect your data.
If you have any questions about this policy, please contact us or send an email to communications@icfj.org.
This document was last updated on June 19, 2020.
Utility Menu
About
Staff
Board of Directors
Advisory Board
Founders
Jobs
Finances
Annual Review
Policies
News
International Journalists' Network
ICFJ Tribute to Journalists 2020
I helped journalists use satellites to track environmental destruction in the Amazon.
— Gustavo Faleiros, Former ICFJ Knight Fellow
Sign up for ICFJ updates
Submit