http://www.iolaregister.com/terms-of-use
Subscribe
News
Ask the Register
Local News
National News
State News
World News
Sports
Athletes of the Month
Opinion
Editorials
Columnists
Letters to the Editor
Community
Announcements
Around Town
Lifestyle
Powers That Be
Marketplace
Obits
More
Photos
Special Sections
Registered Podcast
Place a Public Notice
Search Public Notices
Menu
Search
Log in
Terms of Use
WEBSITE TERMS OF USE
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE
These Terms of Use describe the terms and conditions under which you, the
user, are granted the right to use the websites operated by The Iola Register,
Inc. (“The Iola Register”) and certain of The Iola Register’s subsidiaries,
including this website (the “Website” or “Websites”).
USER AGREEMENT
BY USING THIS WEBSITE, YOU REPRESENT YOU ARE OF LEGAL AGE AND AGREE TO BE
BOUND BY THESE TERMS OF USE, AND ANY SUBSEQUENT MODIFICATIONS, AND THE OTHER
POLICIES POSTED ON THE WEBSITE. Your use of this Website is contingent on the
foregoing agreement, and if you do not agree, you must cease using the Website.
Your electronic acceptance of these Terms of Use and other posted policies
through your use of this Website shall have the same force and effect as if you
had actually signed an agreement embodying these terms. The Iola Register may
change these Terms of Use at any time by posting changes on this page of the
Website. It is your responsibility to review these Terms of Use prior to each
use of the Website. By continuing to use the Website, you agree to any such
changes.
WEBSITE AND CONTENT
Website Availability
We may change, suspend or discontinue availability of any aspect of the
Website at any time. We may also impose limits, registration requirements or
fees on certain features or services or restrict your access to parts or the
entire Website without notice or liability.
In addition, the Website contains links to other Internet sites, resources,
and sponsors or advertisers on the Website. We are not responsible for the
availability of these outside resources, or their contents, and accordingly,
you should direct any concerns regarding any link or other website to the site
administrator or webmaster of such site.
Copyright
All content on the Website is protected by copyright, and owned or
controlled by The Iola Register, or the party accredited as the owner or
provider of the content. You must abide by all copyright notices, information,
or restrictions contained in any content accessed through the Website.
Personal Non-Commercial Use
This Website is for your personal and noncommercial use only. Any other use
of the content is prohibited without prior written permission from The Iola
Register (see Contact Us at the end of these Terms of Use), or the copyright
owner identified in the copyright notice in the content.
Links/Advertisements/Search Engines
The Website may link to other sites operated by third parties. The inclusion
of any link to such sites does not imply endorsement or recommendation by the
Website, or by The Iola Register or its affiliates of these sites but is for
your reference and convenience only. We are not responsible for the content or
accuracy of any off-site pages or any other sites linked to the Website.
Linking to any other off-site pages or other sites is at your own risk and
subject to the terms and conditions of use of those sites.
The Website also contains advertisements by third parties. Unless otherwise
specifically stated on the Website, we do not endorse or make any
representation or recommendation regarding the quality, or accuracy of any
products or services featured in, or linked to any advertisement that appears
on the Website.
Unless otherwise prohibited under these Terms of Use, you are permitted to
create hyperlinks to the content on the Website (including “deep linking” to
articles or pages within site), provided that (1) the hyperlink text accurately
describes the content as it appears on the Website, (2) no “scraping” of the
content by any means (i.e., extracting content from the Website and
reformatting it, aggregating it with other content or redistributing it other
than in its complete originally displayed format), (3) under no circumstances
may you “frame” the Website or any of its content or copy portions of the Website
to a server, except as part of an Internet service provider’s incidental
caching of pages and (4) each page within the Website must be displayed in full
(including all trademarks, branding, advertising and promotional materials),
unaltered without any accompanying frame, border, margin, design, branding,
trademark, advertising or promotional materials not originally displayed on the
page within the Website. We reserve the right at any time in our sole
discretion to revoke this permission generally, or your right to use specific
links. If you have any questions regarding these linking policies you may
contact us, or if you wish to link in a manner not authorized in these Terms of
Use, you must get our prior written permission (see Contact Us below).
Search engines and indexing agents are required to obey the Robots.txt file
relating to the Website and its contents.
Commercial Transactions
Certain portions of the Website may act as a venue to allow anyone to offer,
sell, and buy items from one other. However, the Website is not a store or
“e-commerce” provider, and it is the SOLE RESPONSIBILITY of users to complete
transactions. The Website has no control over the quality, safety or legality
of the items advertised, the truth or accuracy of the posts, the ability of
sellers to sell items or the ability of buyers to pay for items. We cannot
ensure that a buyer or seller will actually complete a transaction, and we do
not transfer legal ownership of items.
No Representations or Warranties
The Iola Register and its affiliates make no representations or warranties
as to the validity, truthfulness, accuracy or legality of any content on the
Website, including without limitation any content submitted by any user (see
Legal Terms below).
USER CREATED CONTENT
Submissions
You must be at least 13 years old to contribute content to this Website. If
you are under legal age, your use of this website is contingent upon a legal
guardian reviewing and approving this website’s Terms of Use. Any submission or
website use on your behalf represents approval by your legal guardian.
By submitting any material (text, photos, videos or other content) to The
Iola Register either through the Website or physical delivery, you agree to be
bound by these Terms of Use. It is your responsibility to review and understand
these terms at the time of your submission.
Through your submission of any materials of any kind (whether text, photos,
video or other content), you grant to The Iola Register and its affiliates the
irrevocable, nonexclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, fully paid-up, transferable
and sub licensable right and license to host, index, cache, tag, encode, use,
copy, modify, adapt, transmit, excerpt, remove, publish, distribute, publicly
display and perform, and create derivative works of, in each case in any media
now or hereafter known and in any manner for any non-commercial or commercial
purpose (collectively “Use”) the content submitted by you with no monetary
compensation at any time. By making any submission, you waive any moral rights
you may have if the materials are changed in a manner not agreeable to you. The
Iola Register has no obligation to provide attribution for any content you
post. If you do not agree to these terms, do not submit any content.
Nothing in these Terms of Use prohibits you from redistributing or selling
your original content to other parties.
You are solely responsible for all content that you post, email or otherwise
make available through the Website. For all content provided by you, you agree
to indemnify The Iola Register and its affiliates as provided in Legal Terms
below.
Content Submission Rules and Restrictions
By submitting any content, you represent and warrant that: (i) you either
own the content or have all necessary rights to use and submit it; (ii) all
information you provide is true, accurate and complete, and does not violate
these Terms of Use or the terms of any third party license; and, (iii) the
content will not cause injury, embarrassment or harm to any person or entity.
You agree to obtain written consent from any persons shown in any photo or
video you post on the Website. You further agree to obtain all necessary
consents from persons identified in or implicated by your submission. If a
minor is identified in a photo or video you submit on the Website, you must
obtain consent from the minor’s parent or legal guardian, as appropriate.
You agree not to submit any content in any interactive areas including
forums, chat rooms, discussion boards, emails or otherwise that:
• is libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, grossly inflammatory,
false, misleading, fraudulent, inaccurate, unfair or otherwise illegal;
contains photographs or illustrations in poor taste;
• is threatening, abusive or disruptive to other users (including without
limitation repetitive, meaningless messages, personal attacks, content
constituting spam, etc.)
• abuses or discriminates on the basis of race, religion, nationality,
gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability, etc., or refers to
such matters in any manner prohibited by law;
• infringes any party’s intellectual property rights, including without
limitation copyrights and trademarks;
• impersonates another person or misquotes another person;
• violates or inappropriately encourages the violation of any municipal,
state, federal or international law, rule, regulation or ordinance or violates
any party’s rights; or
• offers, promotes or advertises any goods or services or solicits any funds
or consideration, except in areas of the Website specifically designated for
such purpose
· violates any right of the Website or any third party.
In addition, you agree not to contact any users of the Website (including
through off-line communication) for the purpose of threatening, harassing or
abusing them due to their content submissions on the Website.
You are solely responsible for the content you submit. The Iola Register
does not and cannot review every submission made and is not responsible for the
content of any submissions. However, content that is deemed inappropriate or in
violation of these Terms of Use, in The Iola Register’s sole discretion, will
be removed from public view. You may contact us if you disagree with any
removal (see Contact Us below); however, all decisions regarding content and
compliance with these Terms of Use will be determined by The Iola Register in
its sole discretion. If you disagree with these conditions, do not submit any
content.
Real Estate Advertising
It is illegal under The Federal Fair Housing Act (“FHA”) to advertise “any
preference, limitation, or discrimination because of race, color, religion,
sex, handicap, familial status, or national origin, or intention to make any
such preference, limitation, or discrimination.” In addition to the federal
guidelines, state laws may also prohibit discrimination based on specific
factors. The Iola Register will not knowingly accept any real estate
advertisements in violation of state or federal laws. All persons are hereby
informed that all dwellings advertised on the Website are available on an equal
opportunity basis.
Identity and Privacy
You must use a consistent handle or account name for any submissions you
make, and you may not submit content under another person’s name. If you are an
elected official, you must submit content identifying yourself as such when
posting about a political issue. “Sock puppets” are not permitted (i.e., using
a fake or alternate identity to post content for a deceptive purpose, such as
without limitation, praising a person or company without disclosing an
underlying affiliation with that person or company).
We reserve the right to include your real name on your internet postings if
required through registration or otherwise provided to us, or when republishing
your material in a printed edition of one of our publications.
The Iola Register does not warrant or claim to have verified the identity of
any user. There may be users who participate under a false identity.
For information on our privacy policies regarding personal information
gathered on the Website, please see our Privacy Policy link at the bottom of the
page.
Real-world Meetings
The Website offers some social networking opportunities, including enabling
users to create profiles that are designed to allow individuals to meet each
other for any purpose. In addition, any posting to the Website will be publicly
viewable, and your identity may be discovered by other users. We cannot vouch
for the safety of offline meetings of individuals you meet through the Website,
and such meetings are held at your sole risk and liability. Furthermore, you
are advised to be careful not to accidentally divulge personally identifying
information about yourself, including but not limited to your telephone
number(s), street addresses, URLs or email addresses publicly on the Website.
If you do provide this information on the Website or to a third party who you
met through the Website, it is at your sole risk. In addition, if you choose to
submit content to the Website in an area that requires that your real identity
be disclosed, you do so at your sole risk and liability.
WEBSITE REGISTRATION
Registration
Some areas of the Website may require registration in order to gain access
or submit content. You may not create more than one account unless expressly
permitted in the registration rules. If you create multiple accounts, you are
prohibited from creating the appearance that multiple accounts controlled by
you are in fact all different individuals.
It is your responsibility to maintain the confidentiality of your password,
if one is established. You are entirely responsible for any and all activities
that occur on this Website under your account, and you agree to notify The Iola
Register immediately of any known or suspected unauthorized use of your
account, including loss, theft or unauthorized disclosure of your password.
Termination
You agree that at our sole discretion, and in our sole judgment, we or our
agent may terminate your account at any time with or without cause.
Termination for cause may include, but is not limited to:
Violations of these Terms of Use
Violations of other posted rules of conduct
Violations of law or intellectual property rights
Harassment, bullying, or belittling conduct toward individuals, companies or
other third parties
An expression of your unwillingness to abide by these terms and conditions
or other clearly posted site rules
Failure to abide by the instructions for guidelines of forum moderators,
editors or other authorized members of the community to provide such
moderation.
Failure to provide real, verifiable information about your true identity where
requested or instructed
Termination of a user’s account may include any of the following actions:
A complete deletion (non-recoverable) from all files, databases and any and
all storage mechanism of the user’s files, uploads, content, and personally identifiable
information. In such a case, neither The Iola Register nor its affiliates,
partners or vendors have any obligation to retrieve or restore deleted data, or
otherwise make good in any fashion the loss of such data.
User data, including without limitation submitted content, errant code or
personal information, may also be hidden from public view, but not destroyed.
In such a case, neither The Iola Register nor its affiliates, partners or
vendors are under any obligation to retrieve or restore such data.
Users who are terminated are prohibited from creating new accounts without
prior written consent of The Iola Register. Users who are terminated for cause
may apply for a new account after more than 30 days has passed, and The Iola
Register will determine in its sole discretion whether to reinstate. Users may
also appeal account termination by writing to:
Web Editor
The Iola Register
302 S. Washington Ave.
Iola, KS 66749
When applying for a new account, or appealing a termination decision, please
include print outs of all relevant data, e-mails, postings, including the
domain name where the primary account was held and the date the account was
terminated. Once your termination is under review, all subsequent communication
will be through e-mail, so please be sure to include a current and working
e-mail address with your letter. You acknowledge and agree that The Iola
Register will make the final determination in its sole discretion as to any
terminated account, or re-application for a new account after termination and
that this represents your sole and exclusive remedy for any terminated account.
LEGAL TERMS
No Representations or Warranties as to Website
THE WEBSITE AND ALL CONTENT PROVIDED BY The Iola Register OR ITS AFFILIATES,
OR ITS THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS IS DISTRIBUTED ON AN “AS IS” BASIS. The Iola
Register AND ITS AFFILIATES MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES THAT
OPERATION OF THE WEBSITE (OR SERVICES OR PRODUCTS OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE)
WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE AND DO NOT PROVIDE ANY WARRANTY AS TO THE
USE, SUFFICIENCY OR ACCURACY OF ANY CONTENT. ALL WARRANTIES, CONDITIONS,
REPRESENTATIONS, INDEMNITIES AND GUARANTEES AS TO PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
PROVIDED BY The Iola Register AND ITS AFFILIATES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
ARISING BY LAW, CUSTOM, PRIOR ORAL OR WRITTEN STATEMENTS BY The Iola Register,
ITS AFFILIATES, ITS AGENTS OR OTHERWISE (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY
IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE,
SATISFACTORY QUALITY, TITLE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT) ARE HEREBY OVERRIDDEN,
EXCLUDED AND DISCLAIMED.
Limitation of Liability
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL The Iola Register OR ITS AFFILIATES (OR THEIR
DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES OR AGENTS) BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PERSON FOR ANY
CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, OR LOST
PROFITS OR LOST DATA, WHETHER FORESEEABLE OR UNFORESEEABLE, ARISING FROM YOUR
USE OF THE WEBSITE, ANY APPLICATIONS AVAILABLE THROUGH THE WEBSITE, OR ANY OF
THE WEBSITE CONTENT OR OTHER MATERIALS ON, ACCESSED THROUGH OR DOWNLOADED FROM
THE WEBSITE. IN ADDITION, AND NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY
CONTAINED HEREIN, The Iola Register AND ITS AFFILIATES’ LIABILITY TO YOU FOR
ANY CAUSE WHATSOEVER, AND REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF THE ACTION, WILL AT ALL TIMES
BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT PAID, IF ANY, BY YOU FOR THE WEBSITE PRODUCT OR
SERVICE ACCESSED BY YOU, BUT IN NO CASE WILL SUCH LIABILITY TO YOU EXCEED
$1000. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT IF NO FEES ARE PAID BY YOU FOR THE WEBSITE, YOU
SHALL BE LIMITED TO INJUNCTIVE RELIEF ONLY, UNLESS OTHERWISE PERMITTED BY LAW,
AND SHALL NOT BE ENTITLED TO DAMAGES OF ANY KIND FROM The Iola Register OR ITS
AFFILIATES, REGARDLESS OF THE CAUSE OF ACTION.
Indemnity
You agree at your expense to indemnify and hold harmless, The Iola Register
and its affiliates and each of their respective partners, suppliers, licensors,
officers, directors, shareholders, employees, representatives, contractors and
agents, from any and all claims, suits, actions and investigations, and any
costs, expenses, liabilities or damages therefrom (including attorneys’ fees
and court costs) arising from or relating to any allegation regarding: (a) your
use of the Website; (b) the Website’s or The Iola Register or its affiliates’
use of any content or information you provide, as long as our use is not
inconsistent with these Terms of Use; (c) information or material posted or
transmitted through your registration account or user ID, even if not posted by
you; and, (d) any violation of these Terms of Use by you (collectively
“Claims”).
The Iola Register reserves the right to select counsel and conduct the
defense or settlement of any such Claim, which shall not relieve you of your
obligation to indemnify as provided above.
Governing Law and Venue.
The agreement regarding these Terms of Use has been made in and shall be
construed and enforced in accordance with Kansas law, without regard to its
principles of the conflicts of law. Any action to enforce this agreement shall
be brought in the District Court of Allen County, Kansas, and you hereby waive
any objections to such action. Any cause of action you may have with respect to
the Website or these Terms of Use must be commenced within one year after the
claim or cause of action arises or such claim or cause of action is barred.
Severability; Waiver.
If any provision of these Terms of Use is found to be invalid by any court
having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not
affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms of Use, which
shall remain in full force and effect. No waiver of these Terms of Use shall be
deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or condition or any other
term or condition.
Copyright Violations.
Users are prohibited from uploading, posting or otherwise transmitting on the Website any materials that violate another party’s intellectual property rights. When we receive proper notification of alleged copyright infringement, we promptly remove or disable access to the allegedly infringing material and terminate the accounts of repeat infringers in accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act. If you believe that any material on the Website infringes upon any copyright which you own or control, please notify us at editor@iolaregister.com. (Please direct all general questions to news@iolaregister.com.
Informational Purposes
The information on the Website is provided solely for informational
purposes, and does not constitute professional advice. You should not rely on
this Website except as an informational resource.
CONTACT US
General Questions:
If you have any questions about these Terms of Use, please contact us in one
of the following ways:
E-mail us at: news@iolaregister.com and
insert only the words “Re: Terms of Use” in the subject line header of the
email.
Write to us at:
Web Editor
The Iola Register
302 S. Washington Ave.
Iola, KS 66749
Call us at: (620) 365-2111 and ask for the web editor.
Copyright violations E-mail us at: news@iolaregister.com  and insert only the words “Re: Copyright Violation” in the subject line header of the email.