https://www.ivymags.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Last updated June 20, 2014
Privacy is important to the Ivy League Magazine Network (“ILMN”). The following describes the information we collect and the ways we use that information. By using the site, you are consenting to the collection, use and storage of the personal information described below.  We have endeavored to make this Privacy Policy as clear as possible. If, however, you have any questions, comments or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please let us know by sending an email to info@ivymags.com.
Information We Collect
ILMN collects information on visitors to our website. This information includes the full name, company/business name, email addresses address and other information that you may volunteer, such as comments or requests.
How We Use This Information
To facilitate the provision of your requested services
For billing purposes
To improve our products and services
For our own research
Sharing Your Information
We do not ever share or sell your personal information for commercial purposes except to provide services you have requested, and only if we have your permission. We may also share information with third parties in limited circumstances, including when complying with legal process, preventing fraud or imminent harm, ensuring the security of our network and services, or when your actions violate our Terms of Service.
Cookies
Cookies are small bits of electronic information that a website sends to your browser and are stored on your hard drive.  Cookies are not required to browse our site.
Questions? Contact Us
It’s extremely important to us that you are confident that your privacy is respected. If you have any concerns, questions, or ideas on how we can do a better job at this, please let us know by emailing us at info@ivymags.com.
Changes and Updates to Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be revised periodically and this will be reflected by the date above. Please revisit this page to stay aware of any changes. Your continued use of the ILMN website constitutes your agreement to this Privacy Policy and any future revisions.
AboutCapabilitiesAd SpecificationsContactMore