http://www.leesvilledailyleader.com/story/news/local/2020/08/27/hurricane-laura-how-help-victims-louisiana-texas/5642804002/
How to help Hurricane Laura victims: Latest info on assistance for Louisiana and TexasJJ Hensley Daniella MedinaLafayette Daily AdvertiserTen people were killed and dozens of homes were damaged in the Lake Charles area after Hurricane Laura moved ashore in Louisiana early Thursday as a Category 4 storm.Those early damage estimates painted a grim picture of what residents along the Louisiana-Texas border might be facing in the aftermath of the storm.Assistance groups were still trying to make their way into the affected areas early Friday but the American Red Cross already had some tips available for those who want to help. Here are some ways you can help or how to get help:Red Cross is seeking donations and volunteersThe most direct way to help victims through the Red Cross is by:Donating at redcross.orgCalling 800-RED-CROSSTexting LAURA to 90999 to make a $10 donationThe COVID-19 pandemic has forced the American Red Cross to make some new rules about donations. The organization cannot accept donations of:Supplies, including hygiene itemsFoodClothesAny other 'in-kind' itemsThose items will be dumped in order to keep shelters safe, according to the Red Cross. GET THE LATEST:Updates on Hurricane Laura as storm moves inland ThursdayThe Cajun Navy is seeking donations and suppliesThe Cajun Navy is a non-profit citizen-led organization dedicated to saving lives during natural disasters. Teams have boots on the ground all over the U.S. Gulf coast to help rescue those affected by Hurricane Laura. Information is available on the Cajun Navy's website to request or donate supplies and donate financially, as well as sign up to be a volunteer. The Cajun Navy is in immediate need of PPE, water, ice, non-perishable food, gasoline gift cards, clothing, cleaning supplies, kids' toys and generators.CAJUN NAVY:After Hurricane Laura, Louisiana 'is in trouble and will need help'Donate bloodThe Gulf Coast Regional Blood Center has 17 neighborhood donor centers across Texas looking for eligible donors to schedule an appointment to give blood to help the community. The Baytown and Clear Lake Donor Centers will be closed on Wednesday, Aug. 26, due to Hurricane Laura weather impacts. All other Greater Houston Area centers will close at 2 p.m. For a list of locations and hours to donate, visit giveblood.org. Donate to GlobalGiving's Hurricane Laura Relief FundGlobalGiving, a crowdfunding community, has started a disaster relief fund to provide those in need with food, water and medicine. The fund will also support communities and first responders affected by Hurricane Laura.  The organization has a goal of $3 million and is now accepting donations. HURRICANE LAURA DAMAGE:Lake Charles residents capture impact as powerful storm moves inlandHelp children in need with the Save the Children's emergency relief fundSave the Children is a national response agency that puts children at the center of its efforts. The Children's Emergency Relief Fund will help support the urgent needs of children and families impacted by Hurricane Laura. For more information and how to donate, visit savethechildren.org. HURRICANE LAURA VICTIMS:Leesville 14-year-old girl killed after tree fell on homeProject HOPE is seeking donations and medical volunteersProject HOPE, a global humanitarian organization, has deployed an emergency response team to the Louisiana-Texas coastline to provide relief for those affected by Hurricane Laura. "Project HOPE is working to provide relief to families affected by the storm and is also scaling up support for hard-hit community health systems, many of which are likely to see a spike in COVID-19 cases in the days to come," a spokesperson for the organization said. Physicians, nurses and other medical providers who are interested in being part of the response team can apply here. Project HOPE is also accepting donations. Emergency food stampsLouisiana provides disaster relief in the wake of hurricanes and other natural disasters in the form of the Disaster Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program.DSNAP provides eligible low- to moderate-income families with grocery assistance, even if they do not qualify for SNAP benefits. Eligible families must register online.Eligibility requirements are determined at the time of a disaster.Previous recipients must register again, due to recent technology upgrades with the Louisiana Department of Child and Family Services. Drink for a cause: Tito's is matching donations to Hurricane Laura and California wildfire reliefTito's Handmade Vodka is working with Direct Relief to provide medical supplies and other resources to those affected by Hurricane Laura and the California wildfires. Tito's has donated $25,000 to Direct Relief and will also match donations up to $25,000. You can donate on Facebook or directly to Direct Relief by designating your donation "In Honor of #LoveTitos at checkout after selecting "Donate in Tribute." Mercy Chefs is serving meals in Lake Charles following Hurricane LauraMercy Chefs, a Virginia-based humanitarian aid organization founded in 2006 after Hurricane Katrina, is serving restaurant-quality meals in Louisiana for those in need after Hurricane Laura. Mercy Chefs is serving meals at Life United Church, located at 1800 E. College St., Lake Charles, LA, 70607. Lunch will be available from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. and dinner will be served from 4-6 p.m. They will remain in Lake Charles as long as the need exists and the funding continues to come in. The organization is accepting donations at its website. JJ Hensley and Daniella Medina are digital producers for the USA TODAY Network. You can reach them at JHensley@tennessean.com or dmedina@gannett.com.