https://www.cpbj.com/help-faq/
LOG INSubscribe
Print, Digital & Data Subscriptions
Sign Up For Daily And Other Newsletters
Events
Webinars
Icon Honors
Cyber Security Symposium
Diversity and Inclusion Summit
Nonprofit Innovation Awards
Healthcare Heroes
Women of Influence
Healthcare Symposium
Reader Rankings Awards
Top 50 Fastest Growing Companies
Forty Under 40
Game Changers
Real Estate Development Summit
Human Resources Summit
Best Places to Work in PA
Latest News
Digital Editions
Lists & Surveys
Lists & Directories
Complete a Survey
2020 Book of Lists
Photos
Purchase Photos
Slideshow
Community Calendar
Community Calendar
Post an Event
Login Subscribe
Print, Digital & Data SubscriptionsSign Up For Daily And Other Newsletters
My Account
Manage Your Print or Online SubscriptionManage Your Email Subscription
Contact USAdvertise
Finance
Health Care
Manufacturing
Real estate
Women in Business
Young Professionals
Coronavirus
Perspectives
Workforce
Finance
Health Care
Manufacturing
Real estate
Women in Business
Young Professionals
Coronavirus
Perspectives
Workforce
Breaking News:
Gov. Wolf orders shutdown of indoor dining, gyms, theaters by midnight Friday
Help & FAQ
1. What are the Central Penn Business Journal subscription options? 1. What are the Central Penn Business Journal subscription options?
There are 3 subscription options:
a) CPBJ Premium: Print & Digital + Data subscription includes:
Print & digital online editions
Unrestricted viewing of content and archived articles online
Full access to daily e-newsletters
Annual Book of Lists – a $38 value
Exclusive print supplements and special reports
Total access to CPBJ Lists database during the subscription term including:
Unlimited data downloads during the term of the subscription
Lists in PDF format as they appeared in the weekly print edition
Lists in spreadsheet format to sort, merge, and utilize for mail, email and business analysis
Download of the Book of Lists
Additional contact spreadsheets
Unpublished Data: Spreadsheet downloads include information about all qualified companies that responded to a project, whether or not they appeared on a printed list, plus additional information on participating companies that were not included on a printed list
Custom Searches: Create and download custom spreadsheets based on specified criteria such as, county, zip code, industry categories and company characteristics
1 Year $269.00
b) Print & Digital subscription includes:
Print & digital online editions
Unrestricted viewing of content and archived articles online
Full access to daily e-newsletters
Annual Book of Lists – a $38 value
Exclusive print supplements and special reports and more…
1 Year $79.00
2 Year $129.00
3 Year $179.00
c) Digital Only subscription includes:
52 weeks of full online access to cpbj.com
Unrestricted viewing of content and archived articles online
Full access to daily e-newsletters
1 Year $79.00
2 Year $129.00
3 Year $179.00
To place your order, please Click Here,
or call Customer Service at 1-800-425-8609
2. How can I upgrade my current subscription to a CPBJ Premium subscription with access to the CPBJ Lists database? 2. How can I upgrade my current subscription to a CPBJ Premium subscription with access to the CPBJ Lists database?
Please contact Customer Service at 1-800-425-8609
or email Service@CPBJ.com to request an upgrade.
3. As a paid subscriber, how can I access cpbj.com and all of the subscriber only content? 3. As a paid subscriber, how can I access cpbj.com and all of the subscriber only content?
If you haven’t already done so, you will need to register your subscription at our website. Click Here to register your subscription. If you have already registered your subscription, you can
Log In Here to gain access.
4. How do I make an address change, renew my subscription and review my account information? 4. How do I make an address change, renew my subscription and review my account information?
You can do all of this under your Manage Account page. Click Here to get to that page.
5. How can I purchase a back issue of Central Penn Business Journal or the Book of Lists? 5. How can I purchase a back issue of Central Penn Business Journal or the Book of Lists?
Please contact Customer Service at 1-800-425-8609
or email Service@CPBJ.com
6. How can I sign up for your eNewsletters? 6. How can I sign up for your eNewsletters?
To sign up for Central Penn Business Journal daily and weekly eNewsletters enter your email address on this page under Subscribe To Email Newsletter.
7. How do I purchase a reprint plaque or PDF?
7. How do I purchase a reprint plaque or PDF?
Please contact Lisa Arnold at (717) 323-5213 or email LArnold@Bridgetowermedia.com.
If you have any additional questions,
please contact us at 1-800-425-8609
or email Service@CPBJ.com
2018-09-19
asentechssg
Top Stories
Most Read
Rite Aid hits $100M donation milestone with Children’s Miracle Network Hospitals
Pa. governor’s race drawing interest on both sites of the aisle
Sponsored Content
COVID-19 Exacerbates Millennials’ Mental Health Issues
The silver lining during the pandemic: You can flex your creativity muscles as an entrepreneur
More Latest Headlines
Gov. Wolf tests positive for COVID-19
Pa. governor’s race drawing interest on both sites of the aisle
Lancaster, Dauphin county businesses restart energy efficiency projects
Rite Aid hits $100M donation milestone with Children’s Miracle Network Hospitals
Jeremy Young- facilitating a thriving Lancaster
PA Biz Conversations
More from PA Biz Conversations
Digital Edition
More from Digital Editions
© 2020 BridgeTower Media. All information on this site is copyrighted by BridgeTower Media.
All images are the sole property of BridgeTower Media and no rights are granted for any use without the express written consent of BridgeTower Media.