http://www.jdnews.com/story/news/2020/09/21/marine-families-seek-damages-lejeune-housing-conditions-lawsuit/5854772002/
Class action lawsuit filed over poor housing conditions on Camp LejeuneCalvin ShomakerThe Daily NewsHousing conditions and renter support for military families on Marine Corps Base Camp Lejeune will be litigated with the recent filing of a class action lawsuit alleging poor living conditions.A team of four law firms filed a class action lawsuit Sept. 18 in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of North Carolina on behalf of three Marine families, all with young children, affected by poor housing conditions on Camp Lejeune, according to a news release.The lawsuit seeks damages and non-monetary reforms to leasing practices, according to the release from Rhine Law Firm of Wilmington.The lawsuit alleges that military families have lived with “disgusting and unacceptable conditions” in leased housing units on Camp Lejeune. Housing condition issues raised “range from water dripping out of electrical sockets, to black mold, to cockroaches and filth, to failing air conditioning.” Lack of effective customer service, repair and maintenance from property managers is one main complaint. One mother alleges property manager Atlantic Marine Corps Communities failed to fix her defective home air conditioning, leaving her to tend to a newborn in 80-degree temperatures in addition to dealing with water leaks and mold. Another mother said she had to pay out-of-pocket for a mold inspector.The lawsuit notes that in 2005, “the government turned over management for thousands of homes to large private companies,” like Australian multinational Lendlease Group and Boston-based WinnCompanies. “These three brave servicemember families are not just suing for themselves,” said lead attorney Joel Rhine in the news release. “They are trying to get relief for their friends and neighbors too. Military families deserve security and dignity in their homes. These soldiers are heroes protecting us and placing themselves in harm’s way. When a military servicemember is deployed far from home, the last thing he or she needs to worry about is that the spouse and children are having to deal with toxic mold, broken air conditioning or other foul conditions.” Camp Lejeune is aware of the lawsuit, but is not involved, according to Nat Fahy, director of communications strategy and operations, Marine Corps Installations East. “The Marine Corps is committed to ensuring our families have safe and adequate housing,” Fahy said. “We thoroughly investigate any life, health, or safety concerns raised by our residents, and work through our housing partners to ensure any underlying issues are properly addressed.”