http://www.michigansthumb.com/sports/article/Red-Stars-Gordon-launches-nonprofit-to-help-15597439.php
Red Stars' Gorden launches nonprofit to help Black girls - Huron Daily Tribune
Subscribe
Subscriber Services
Home
Contact Us
Circulation
News Now signup
Breaking News signup
Insider FAQ
Print Archives
Privacy Notice
Terms of Use
News
Coronavirus
Tribune Throwback
Heroes Unmasked
Michigan
U.S. and World
Agriculture
Business
Health
Entertainment
Special Sections
DIY wrinkle release spray
Keeping family death a secret
Draft of county's hazard mitigation plan complete
Couple pleads guilty to multiple felonies in relation to assault,
Social
Social
Michigan State Police Activity Report
10/30 party makes annual return Wednesday
Port Austin to dazzle people on July 4
Port Hope gears up for Fourth of July Festival
Opinion
Opinion
Everyday Cheapskate: Library services that save you money
Dear Abby: Kids in the way of relationship
Creenan: Another year I can't try to enjoy baseball
Birdsall: Don't look now, but the Tigers might be ... OK
Prep Zone
Prep Zone Bad Axe
Prep Zone Caseville
Prep Zone Cass City
Prep Zone Deckerville
Prep Zone EPBP
Prep Zone Harbor Beach
Prep Zone North Huron
Prep Zone Owen-Gage
Prep Zone Ubly
Prep Zone USA
Volleyball roundup: Ubly tops rival Harbor Beach
Bowling, pool leagues roundup
Roundup: Bad Axe, USA soccer pick up wins
Cross country roundup: Deckerville, Owen-Gage among top teams at
Insider
Insider
Insider FAQ
Local agency goes extra mile to grant sick kids wishes
InFocus Spotlight: Port Austin man's passion project keeps
InFocus with Lori Kozlowski, director of activities for Huron
Port Austin Fire Department face-lift years in the making
Curbside
Coronavirus
Sports
Local Sports
Michigan Sports
Bowling roundup
Play Week 2 of The Tribune’s 2020 Football Contest
It’s back! Play Week 1 of the Tribune Football Contest
USA boys soccer opens season with win over Caro
Events
Puzzles
Photos
Galleries
The camels are here!
2019 Polar Bear Dip
Ubly at Harbor Beach (Photos)
On a mission: USA baseball storms its way into title game
Videos
Obits
Jobs
Classifieds
MenuSections
https://www.michigansthumb.com/sports/article/Red-Stars-Gordon-launches-nonprofit-to-help-15597439.php
Red Stars' Gorden launches nonprofit to help Black girls
Anne M. Peterson, Ap Sports Writer
Updated
6:32 pm EDT, Friday, September 25, 2020
Chicago Red Stars' Sarah Gorden, front, plays the ball as Houston Dash's Bri Visalli defends during the second half of an NWSL Challenge Cup soccer finals match on July 26, 2020, in Sandy, Utah. Gordon aims to go beyond the social media statements, the T-shirts and the platitudes, and do something to lift up Black lives. The 28-year-old has put her focus on mental health for young women of color in launching her nonprofit organization, HoodSpace. less
Chicago Red Stars' Sarah Gorden, front, plays the ball as Houston Dash's Bri Visalli defends during the second half of an NWSL Challenge Cup soccer finals match on July 26, 2020, in Sandy, Utah. Gordon aims to ... more
Photo: Rick Bowmer, AP
Photo: Rick Bowmer, AP
Image
1
of
/
3
Caption
Close
Image
1
of
3
Chicago Red Stars' Sarah Gorden, front, plays the ball as Houston Dash's Bri Visalli defends during the second half of an NWSL Challenge Cup soccer finals match on July 26, 2020, in Sandy, Utah. Gordon aims to go beyond the social media statements, the T-shirts and the platitudes, and do something to lift up Black lives. The 28-year-old has put her focus on mental health for young women of color in launching her nonprofit organization, HoodSpace. less
Chicago Red Stars' Sarah Gorden, front, plays the ball as Houston Dash's Bri Visalli defends during the second half of an NWSL Challenge Cup soccer finals match on July 26, 2020, in Sandy, Utah. Gordon aims to ... more
Photo: Rick Bowmer, AP
Red Stars' Gorden launches nonprofit to help Black girls
1
/
3
Back to Gallery
Sarah Gorden tells the story often, about how she was a kid playing on a club soccer team when an opponent called her a racial slur.
“I was raised around white people in a white community," said Gorden, who is multiracial. “And I had never really looked at myself in that light until moments like that — then really you take a step back and be like, 'Wait a second, I’m a what?’”
The defender for the Chicago Red Stars is harnessing that shock and pain by using her voice. But she also wants to go beyond the social media statements and T-shirts to do something to really lift up Black lives.
Gorden, 28, has put her focus on mental health for young women of color in launching her nonprofit organization, HoodSpace. A play on the name of the popular Headspace app, HoodSpace seeks to empower women in Chicago through meditation, yoga and sport. Gorden is currently raising funds for HoodSpace via GoFundMe, with a goal of creating camps and clinics.
“Just being in the city and seeing the violence and everything that systemic racism has created, it made me think that maybe we can really help each individual process it and potentially heal,” she said. “Obviously, we all have different parts in this fight -- fighting systemic racism. And I didn’t feel as though my fight was within the system, but more so in the individual.”
With the Red Stars since 2016, Gorden is a mom, something of a rarity in the National Women’s Soccer League. Other NWSL mothers include Utah's Amy Rodriguez and North Carolina's Jessica McDonald. Gorden said that having a son makes it all the more important for her to act in the moment.
“I’ve said it before, this is absolutely a life or death matter. We’re fighting for the future of our kids. And so, yes, 100%, it’s part of the reason I’m so passionate about all of this, because it will affect the future of our children," she said.
It wasn't always easy for Gorden, navigating her post-college professional career in soccer. She found solace in her own practice of yoga and mediation. It has also helped her navigate the uncertainties of COVID-19.
The coronavirus forced the NWSL to shut down on March 12 when most teams had just opened training camp for the season.
The NWSL became the first professional team sports league to return in the United States when it staged the Challenge Cup tournament in a bubble in Utah. The Red Stars made it to the final, but lost 2-0 to the Houston Dash for the title.
Currently teams are back in local markets, where they are playing a series of regional games this fall. Coming off a 4-1 win over Sky Blue on Sunday, the Red Stars face the Washington Spirit in a nationally broadcast match Saturday.
In a predominately white sport, Gorden is among the Black players in the NWSL who have formed a coalition to address racial injustice. Organized by Sky Blue's Midge Purce, one of the group’s first acts was to call out Utah Royal’s owner Dell Loy Hansen after reports surfaced that he made racist comments. Hansen later apologized and announced his intention to sell the team.
“Having a place to go to, where people understand what you’re going through, what you’re fighting for is important," Gorden said about the coalition. "So even just that aspect is important. We’re in the process of figuring out what exactly we want to accomplish. I definitely don’t want to speak too soon or give away anything, but with Dell Loy Hansen, making our first statement was important.”
Spurred by Gorden, the Red Stars made a point of highlighting mental health issues during the Challenge Cup. The team and its supporters raised nearly $16,000 for Get Yo Mind Right and Healthy Hood Chicago.
“For a lot of us, it’s never been performative. It’s always been about making change because either we are Black or we have Black family, we have Black friends, or we’re just passionate about equality. And so it was always just a matter of time when I was going to launch my nonprofit," Gorden said. “I knew I wanted to bring something to the community and have some sort of impact somewhere. It was just a matter of finding where specifically I thought I could help.”
___
More AP soccer: https://apnews.com/Soccer and https://twitter.com/AP_Sports
Most Popular
1
13 charged in plots against Michigan governor, police
2
FBI: Lake County a setting in the plot to kidnap Whitmer
3
Huron County schools react to executive order repeal
4
VanDeVusse to step down as Bad Axe City Manager
5
Caseville Kiwanis Club disbands
6
Lyons found guilty in murder case
7
Couple pleads guilty to multiple felonies in relation to assault, robbery
8
Roundup: Bad Axe, USA soccer pick up wins
9
After 3-plus decades in public service, "Smokey" stepping down
10
The show will go on — Huron County movie theaters opening back up
Follow Us On Facebook
View Comments
© 2020 Hearst Communications, Inc.
Logo
Return to Top
About
Privacy Notice
Your California Privacy Rights
Interest Based Ads
Terms of Use
Our Company
Careers
Advertising
Contact
Contact Us
Today's eEdition
Connect
Facebook
Twitter
Hearst Newspapers
© Copyright
Hearst Newspapers, LLC