https://www.spiked-online.com/terms/
Terms and conditions
Share
Introduction
By accessing http://www.spiked-online.com (‘the Website’) you are agreeing to be legally bound by these terms and conditions as modified from time to time (‘the Terms’). Your use of the Website constitutes your agreement to the Terms.
Copyright
All intellectual-property rights, including copyright, associated with the content displayed on the Website (‘Content’) belong to spiked or its licensors, unless otherwise indicated.
Use of content
The Website and the Content may only be used for your personal, non-commercial use. You may for this purpose alone:
Retrieve and display Content from the Website on a computer screen
Print, but not photocopy, individual pages on paper
Store files in electronic form on disk (but not on any server or other storage device connected to a network)
Except as expressly stated in these Terms you agree not to:
Download, copy, reproduce, modify, store, archive, show in public, redistribute or commercially exploit in any way any part of the Content without the prior written permission of spiked
Remove the copyright or trademark notice(s) from any copies of Content made in accordance with these Terms
Use the Content for any illegal or improper purpose
Requests to republish, redistribute or syndicate content should be sent to managing editor Viv Regan.
Limitation of liability
Through your use of spiked, to the maximum extent allowed by law, you agree to indemnify spiked and any affiliates from and against any and all liabilities, expenses (including attorneys’ fees) and damages arising out of claims resulting from your use of spiked, including, without limitation, any claims alleging facts that if true would constitute a breach by you of these Terms. If you are dissatisfied with any spiked material or with any of these Terms, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using spiked.
spiked shall not be liable for any claims, losses, injuries, penalties, damages, costs or expenses arising from the use of, or inability to use the Website or Content or from any action taken, or omitted to be taken, as a result of using the Website or Content, other than death or personal injury resulting from the use of the Website directly caused by the negligence of spiked.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold spiked and any of its officers, employees and agents harmless from and against all and any expenses, losses, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses of any character incurred or suffered and any claims or legal proceedings which are brought or threatened, in each case arising from your use of, or conduct on, the Website and/or a breach of any of these Terms.
Privacy policy
Please see our Privacy Notice for an explanation of how your personal information will be treated as you make use of spiked and its features – Privacy Notice.
Other disclosure of personal information
spiked will not otherwise use or disclose your personal information without your consent, except:
As described in our Privacy Notice
As required by law, court order or as requested by other government or law-enforcement authority
Suspension of access
spiked reserves the right to suspend or terminate your access to the Website at any time, with or without notice or explanation.
Applicable law
These Terms shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with English law and you irrevocably agree that the courts of England and Wales shall (subject to the paragraph below) have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute which may arise out of, under, or in connection with these Terms or your use of the Website or arising in any way from the Content.
For our exclusive benefit, we shall retain the right to bring proceedings as to the substance of the matter in the courts of your country of residence, or where these Terms are entered into in the course of your trade or profession, the country of your principal place of business.
Modification of these Terms and Conditions
spiked reserves the right to change the Terms of its use. You are responsible for regularly reviewing these Terms. Your continued use of spiked constitutes your agreement to all such Terms.
General
These Terms incorporate by reference all other policies, disclaimers and terms contained anywhere on spiked; provided, however, that in the event of a conflict between such other terms and these Terms, these Terms shall control.
Company information
Company directors:
Luke Gittos
Vivien Regan
Rob Harris
Company number:
3935644
Where can I ask any additional questions?
If you have any further questions or concerns about spiked’s Terms and Conditions, please send them to Viv Regan, managing editor, on viv.regan@spiked-online.com.