http://www.nuj.org.uk/privacy/
Privacy notice
This site makes use of cookies. If you
continue we'll assume you are happy to receive them.
Continue
Read our cookie policy
Winning for you at work
Username
Password
Menu
Home
About
News
Events
Work
Where
Rights
Campaigns
Contacts
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us and we’d like you to know how we collect and use information and what we do to safeguard any information you give us. If, after reading our Privacy Policy, you have any questions, just send an email to datacontroller@nuj.org.uk
Why we collect information about you
We process your data in line with the NUJ’s legitimate interests in carrying out its function as a trade union to help us:
provide the best, most efficient membership services to you
comply with our contractual and statutory obligations
detect and combat fraud
identify you (by asking security questions such as your name, contact details, date of birth) before disclosing confidential information
monitor equal opportunities.
Where we get the information from
When you use our service we will ask you to tell us, for example, your contact details and date of birth as well as other personal information. There are also public sources of information that we may use, such as Directory Enquires.
What sort of information we collect
When we are dealing with your matters you may reveal some information that could be considered to be ‘special category data’ as defined by the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR):  which includes for example, your membership of the NUJ,  your religion, sexual orientation, biometrics, ethnic background or state of health,. You can be confident that we will only use this type of information for the specific purpose you provided it.
Who we share the information with
We do not sell your details to third parties for marketing purposes; in instances where we provide marketing information from the Union that we think will be of interest to you, we will seek your express consent which you have the right to withdraw at any time.
We will of course need to pass your details to other people – for example our employees, our experts, branches, chapels, internal councils, committees, executive, delegations as well as sister unions for instance – who need this information to work to assist you. We may also disclose information to authorities such as the Police and the Inland Revenue, but only where required or permitted by law or necessary in your case to do so.
Respecting your preferences
We will respect your preferences by not sending you any material through particular channels if you have registered your details with the Mailing, Telephone, Fax, Email, SMS text or other preference.
Social media
We may also seek to engage with you via other forms of social media such as Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. We will only do so where you consent to us messaging you in this way or where permitted by law.
How long do we hold your data before destroying it?
We aim to regularly review personal data held and delete securely anything that is no longer required, in circumstances where there is a regulatory or legal requirement to retain information we will do so only as long as necessary.  If you believe that we hold any incomplete or inaccurate data about you, you have the right to ask us to correct and/or if incomplete to complete the information and we will strive to update/correct it as quickly as possible, unless there is a valid reason for not doing so, at which point you will be notified.  You have the right to request erasure of personal data or restriction of processing concerning the data subject and to object to processing as well as the right to data portability.
Data Requests
You have the right to access any personal information that we hold or process about you and to request information about:
what personal data we hold
the purposes of the processing
the categories of personal data concerned
the recipients to whom the personal data has/will be disclosed
how long we intend to store your personal data for
You can make a request for the personal data held about you by contacting the datacontroller@nuj.org.uk or by writing to Data Controller, Headland House, 72 Acton Street, London, WC1X 9NB. Personal data will be provided free of administration charges and within one month of a receipt of the request unless the complexity or number of requests makes it necessary to extend this timeframe.  We will inform you of any extension within month of receiving the initial request.
Reporting a concern
In the first instance you should write to datacontroller@nuj.org.uk
You have the right to make a complaint to the Information Commissioner’s Office
Cookies
Cookies are small data files that are stored on the hard drive of your computer, laptop, tablet or mobile phone when you visit our website. They do not store any personal data about you or which could be used to identify you. We use cookies to help us understand how you interact with our website. By analysing this cookie data, we can work out how to improve the design of our website.
How we use cookies
Access our cookies information
How to opt out of cookies
You have complete control over how to manage or delete cookies on your computer.
Please visit AboutCookies.org if you wish to find out how to manage or delete cookies.
Please note, that in restricting or deleting cookies, some websites may not function correctly.
Further Information
If we change this Privacy Policy & Cookies information we will publish the amended version on our website.
Note: This Policy only applies to the information that we hold about private individuals, not about companies and other organisations.
The information on this page was last updated on Friday, 25 May 2018.
Share this
Facebook
Tweet this
Linkedin
Del.icio.us
Digg
reddit
StumbleUpon
Print
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+
National Union of Journalists
72 Acton Street
London
WC1X 9NB
Tel: 020 7843 3700
Fax: 020 7837 8143
Home
Important information
Press area
Contact us
Terms & conditions
Sitemap
Accessibility
Privacy
Cookies
Website developed by netXtra
© 2020 National Union of Journalists
Request took 34ms