http://www.weatherusa.net/privacy.php
Skip to content
Menu
weatherUSA
Current Weather
Forecast & Report
WeatherNet Live Map
National Radar
Weather Cameras
Severe Weather
Watches & Warnings
Winter Center
Tropical Center
Weather Radio
Services
Weather Alerts
Business Services
Weather Data API
Mobile Apps
Webmaster Tools
Contact & More...
Columbus Ohio Live Weather
Search
Contact Us
Log in/Sign up
Log in
Create an account
Current Weather
Forecast & Report
WeatherNet Live Map
National Radar
Weather Cameras
Severe Weather
Watches & Warnings
Winter Center
Tropical Center
Weather Radio
Services
Weather Alerts
Business Services
Weather Data API
Mobile Apps
Webmaster Tools
Contact & More...
Columbus Ohio Live Weather
Search
Contact Us
Log in/Sign up
Log in
Create an account
Favorites
Add My Location
Tropical Center
Track Storms in the Tropical Center »
Privacy Policy
Thanks for visiting weatherUSA!
Last updated: 03/05/2014
This Privacy Policy explains how weatherUSA, LLC ("weatherUSA") collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users
(for the purposes of this policy, "You") of the www.weatherusa.net website ("Site"). weatherUSA is located
in Columbus, Ohio, USA, but many of our services are provided from our computer network across the country. This privacy policy applies to the
Site and all products and services offered by weatherUSA, including mobile apps.
Personal information
We may collect personal information from You in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when You visit our site,
register on the site, place an order, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available
on our Site. You may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information. You may,
however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal information from You only if You voluntarily submit such information to us.
You can always refuse to supply personal information, except that it may prevent You from using some of our services.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about You whenever You interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information
may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Your means of connection to our Site, such as the
operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site uses "cookies" to enhance Your experience. Your web browser places cookies in memory or a hard disk for record-keeping purposes and
sometimes to track information about You. We never use cookies to store sensitive personal information, such as credit cards or passwords.
How we use collected information
weatherUSA may collect and use Your personal information for the following purposes:
To improve customer service
Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
To personalize user experience
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our customers as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
We may also use information you supply to customize your experience on our Site, including showing your name or favorite location
when you visit the Site.
To process payments
We may use the information You provide when placing an order to provide service to that order, and, if applicable, to store that information
in our secure databases for processing of subscription payments or automated payments. We do not share this information
with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
To send e-mails
We may use the email address You may provide to send You information and updates pertaining to any purchase on the Site,
or to send automated weather alerts. We may also send you updates from time to time regarding services that you have subscribed to.
Your e-mail address may also be used to respond to your inquiries or other requests.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration,
disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on this Site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and Your computer happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and
protected with digital signatures. Our Site also meets or exceeds compliance with PCI (credit card company) Security standards and other industry-standard
security policies in order to create as secure of an environment as possible for You.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Your personal information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information that includes
non-personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers
for the purposes outlined above.
Third-party content
You may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors,
licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the
practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies,
which change from time to time. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject
to that website's own policies.
Advertising
Ads appearing on our site may be delivered to You by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to
recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile non personal identification information about you or
others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they
believe will be of most interest to you. This privacy policy does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Some of the ads displayed on our Site may be served by Google. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to You based on
their visit to our Site and other sites on the Internet. DART uses non-personal identification information and does not track any personal information
about you, such as your name, email address, or physical address. This information is used for "Interest-Based Advertising", which allows
advertising systems to show you ads relevant to your interests. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the
Google Ads Settings page,
or opt out of Interest-Based Advertising from many advertisers across the Web by visiting the
NAI Consumer Opt-Out.
Changes to this privacy policy
weatherUSA has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the top of this page.
We encourage You to check this page any time you log-in or make a purchase on our Site to stay informed about how we are helping to protect
Your personal information. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy and Terms of Service. If you do
not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be
deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Site, or your dealings with this Site, please contact us at:
weatherUSA, LLC
1799 W 5th Ave #181
Columbus, OH
43212
E-mail: support@weatherusa.net
Find us on Facebook
Follow us on Twitter
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
©2001-2020 weatherUSA, LLC