https://www.pri.org/terms
Skip to content
close
The World needs you. We need 471 more donors to reach our goal!
Donate $100 or pledge $8.33/month to receive an invite to a virtual party with Marco Werman and The World team!Our coverage never has been, and never will be, behind a paywall.Donate today to support our freely available journalism.
Yes, donate now!
No thank you
Close
Search
About UsContactDonate Now
Listen navigate down
The World's PodcastThe Number in the News for smartspeakersGlobal HitMusic Heard on AirStations Listing
Newsletters navigate down
Top of The World daily newsletterCritical State
Categories navigate down
Conflict & JusticeCulture & SocietyDevelopment & EducationHealth & MedicineImmigrationMoneyPoliticsScience & EnvironmentTechnologyWomen & Gender
Terms of use
This is the human-readable version of our terms of service, presented solely as a service to you. Nothing here should be deemed as supplanting or replacing our complete terms of service. Should any differences arise, the full terms of service should be viewed as controlling.
We've built an active, vibrant online community here at PRI.org and on our social platforms. We need your help to make this as interesting, helpful and thoughtful a community as possible. We have one primary rule:
Treat your fellow users as you want them to treat you.
More specifically though, we think your presence here and continued posting to PRI.org or our social channels constitutes your agreement:
• To refrain from using profanity or language that you wouldn't use in front of your boss or your mom.
• To refrain from using the site for your own commercial gain without the express, written permission of Public Radio International.
• To engage other users in a respectful discussion. Disagreements of opinion are to be expected, but disagreements should be handled respectfully and should never devolve into endless fighting and bickering.
• To stay on topic. Discussions shouldn't turn into tangents that have nothing to do with the topic at hand.
• To refrain from violating any copyright, trademarks, patents or other intellectual property restrictions.
• To accept full responsibility for anything that you post. That means, among other things, if it's factually incorrect, you'll do your best to fix it.
• To refrain from taking on the persona of anyone other than yourself.
• To respect others' privacy. If they haven't said something publicly, you shouldn't either.
If you believe any user contribution violates these standards, you should bring it to the attention of site moderators. You can do this either by flagging the item directly, where available, or by contacting us directly.
PRIreserves the right to terminate the account of any user who violates these principles, without notice. We further reserve the right to remove any comments or user contributions that, solely in our judgment, violate these principles. Lastly, we reserve the right to suspend or eliminate discussion and user contribution, without notice, at any point in time.
This is the short version of our rules. Visit our complete terms of service to see what exactly you're agreeing to by your continued presence and posting on our site.
Share
logo-footer
Created with Sketch.
The World is a public radio program that crosses borders and time zones to bring home the stories that matter.
Produced by
GBH_logo_purple_rgb
Created with Sketch.
Major funding provided by
close
We use cookies to understand how you use our site and to improve your experience. To learn more, review our Cookie Policy. By continuing to use our site, you accept our use of cookies and Privacy Policy.
Ok, I understand.
Close
close
Donate $100 or pledge $8.33/month to receive an invite to a virtual party with Marco Werman and The World team! We need just 471 more donors to make it! When you support The World with a donation, you ensure our incredible newsroom staff can continue the critical work that brings you stories from around the globe. Donate today to help keep our coverage free and open to all. Thank you for your support!
DONATE TODAY >
No thanks