http://www.mvgazette.com/site-policies
Skip to main content
Browse
Subscribe
Directory
Real Estate
Classifieds
Store
Visit Martha's Vineyard
Martha's Vineyard Magazine
Island Weddings
The Vine
Cook the Vineyard
Sections
News
Opinion
Arts & Entertainment
Calendar
Nature & Science
Farm & Garden
Obituaries
Photography
Island Information
Time Machine
Towns
Aquinnah
Chilmark
Edgartown
Oak Bluffs
Vineyard Haven
West Tisbury
Accounts
Site Policies
Privacy Policy
The Vineyard Gazette respects the privacy of visitors to its site. The following statement discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for all vineyardgazette.com pages and multimedia content.
This site does not collect personally identifying information about individuals except when the information is specifically and knowingly provided to us. These instances are limited to a visitor using a feedback form, submitting a classified advertisement, filling out an online subscription form, registering for an email news service, or requesting information from the Gazette. Keyboard input from the user is necessary in all cases.
The Vineyard Gazette site automatically receives and records information from visitors' browsers including your IP address, date and time of visit, and the page you requested. Specific information, such as names and e-mail addresses, provided by users in feedback forms and to e-mail news stories is used internally by the Vineyard Gazette and is not sold or disclosed to any third parties.
Secure Connections
Certain pages within the Vineyard Gazette network of sites accept personal information and user input via HTML forms. Forms that transmit sensitive data, such as credit card information, are accessed through a separate secure site: https://vineyardgazettestore.com. This secure site uses Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), which encrypts the data sent to and from our website through Secure HTTP (https). Users can tell when they are at a secure site by the presence of "https://" at the beginning of the site address.
Comment Policy
We provide readers with the ability to add comments to some news stories, but reserve the right to publish only those that adhere to our comment policy, which is reviewed regularly.
Terms of Use
By continuing to use vineyardgazette.com, you agree to abide by these terms and conditions.
Limitation of Liabillity
The service of vineyardgazette.com is available "as is." We do not warrant that this service will be uninterrupted or error-free. There may be delays, omissions, interruptions and inaccuracies in the news, information or other materials available through vineyardgazette.com. We are not responsible for the availability or content of other services that may be linked to vineyardgazette.com. We reserve the right to correct any errors or omissions in this service. Although we intend to take reasonable steps to prevent the introduction of viruses, worms, or other destructive materials to this service, we do not guarantee or warrant that the materials that may be downloaded from this service do not contain such destructive features.
Advertisements and Sponsored Messages
The pages of vineyardgazette.com may contain advertisements or sponsored messages. We do not make any warranties, express or implied, including without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to vineyardgazette.com or any information or goods that are available on, or advertised or sold through, vineyardgazette.com.
Updates and Corrections
We reserve the right to correct any errors or omissions appearing on vineyardgazette.com, and will endeavor to do so promptly when they are brought to our attention.
Questionable Content
If you encounter questionable content on vineyardgazette.com, please contact our publisher directly at 508-627-4311 or by email at publisher@mvgazette.com.
Children Under 13
Vineyardgazette.com does not specifically offer any content or features aimed at children under 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. Any parent who has concerns about their children's use of vineyardgazette.com should contact the publisher by calling 508-627-4311 or by email at publisher@mvgazette.com.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites. Vineyardgazette.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of external web sites, even those with whom vineyardgazette.com has established special relationships.
Copyright
This service (including, but not limited to text, photographs, graphics, video and audio content) is protected by copyright as a collective work or compilation under the copyright laws of the United States.
Except for content you have posted on vineyardgazette.com, you may not copy, reproduce, distribute, publish, enter into a database, display, perform, modify, create derivative works, transmit, or in any way exploit any part of this service without the express written permission of the Vineyard Gazette. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, you may not distribute any part of vineyardgazette.com over any network, including a local area network, nor sell or offer it for sale. In addition, these files may not be used to construct any kind of database.
In some cases you may use individual stories that appear on vineyardgazette.com as specifically designated by the functionality of the site (e.g., e-mail a story to a friend or purchase the rights to reproduce a story for other use). In such cases we communicate such rights to you directly in the applicable portion of the content.
To obtain permission to reuse or republish Vineyard Gazette copyrighted material in printed or electronic formats, please call 508-627-4311 or email us at library@mvgazette.com.
Limited License
Visitors to vineyardgazette.com are granted a limited license to access the content contained within the vineyardgazette.com site, but are excluded from framing or deep linking to any pages, articles, photos, or other content on vineyardgazette.com.
Future Access
WE MAY, IN OUR SOLE DISCRETION, TERMINATE OR SUSPEND YOUR ACCESS TO ALL OR PART OF THIS SERVICE FOR ANY REASON, INCLUDING FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THESE USAGE RULES. We reserve the right to charge for such access in the future, to change our Usage Rules or to modify any features of vineyardgazette.com at any time.
Governing Law
The Terms of Use shall be governed by the laws of the United States of America and the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.
BY CONTINUING TO USE VINEYARDGAZETTE.COM, YOU AGREE TO ABIDE BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF VINEYARDGAZETTE.COM.
© 2020 Vineyard Gazette
Advertise with the Gazette
Contact Us
Store
Employment
RSS
FAQs
Site Policies
About Us
Newsletters