http://www.fergusfallsjournal.com/site/privacy.html/
Facebook
Twitter
SUBSCRIBE
Log In
Dashboard
Logout
My Account
Dashboard
Profile
Saved items
Logout
Thursday, December 10, 2020
DOWNLOAD OUR APP!
Home
GIFT GUIDE
Customer Service
WE'RE LISTENING
About Us/Contact Us
Advertise
Policies
Terms of Use
Local Links
Local Offers
Subscription Services
Subscribe
Order back issues
Need a change of address?
Having Delivery Issues?
Submit
News Tip
Letter to the Editor
Your Take Photos
Engagement announcements
Wedding announcements
Birth announcements
Anniversary announcements
Obituary announcements
E-Newsletter Signup!
Events Calendar
Classifieds
Career Connections
Place A Classified Ad
Public Notices
View E-Edition
Local News
All News
Business
City Council
County Board
Education
Church
Health
Crime
State & Regional
Photo galleries
Coronavirus
Lake Country Living
Sports
All Sports
Fergus Falls
Hillcrest
M State
Ashby
Battle Lake
Henning
West Central Area
Pelican Rapids
Rothsay
Underwood
Outdoors
Sports Columnists
Zach Stich
Brian Pickering
Aaron Stanley
Mike Frisch
Opinion
Jerry Ness
Tom HIntgen
Zach Stich
Editorials
Letters to the Editor
Obituaries
A&E
Anniversaries
Birthdays
Births
Engagements
In History
Military News
Photo galleries
Weddings
Special Sections
Have a question?
Please give us a call at 218-736-7511
Copyright ©
• Wick Communications
Terms of Use  |  Privacy Policy
Toggle navigation
Menu
Search
SUBSCRIBE
Search
30°
Fergus Falls, Minnesota
(56537)
Today
Mostly cloudy. Low 23F. Winds NNE at 5 to 10 mph..
Tonight
Mostly cloudy. Low 23F. Winds NNE at 5 to 10 mph.
Updated: December 10, 2020 @ 11:50 pm
Full Forecast
SUBSCRIBE
Log In
Dashboard
Logout
My Account
Dashboard
Profile
Saved items
Logout
The Fergus Falls Journal (FFNI) is sensitive to issues of individual privacy on the Internet. To that end, we provide the following policy on the use of information gathered on fergusfallsjournal.com:Categories of information collectedfergusfallsjournal.com gathers identifying information about individuals only when individuals provide that information on a voluntary basis such as on our reader reaction forums, for our SMS and email alerts, and in our secure ecommerce store.FFNI does not collect any information about any child under the age of 18.FFNI may utilize “cookie” technology in connection with polls on the Sites.FFNI may perform statistical analyses of its Sites to measure consumer acceptance and to gauge relative interest in various parts of the Sites and to inform advertisers as to how many consumers have seen or “clicked” their advertising banners. In performance of these analyses, we will disclose user behavior information to third parties in aggregate form. We will in no way give your personal information to any third-party without your expressed consent. FFNI reserves the right to change these policies at any time. Any changes to the privacy policy will be posted at the Sites.CHILDREN’S PRIVACY STATEMENTNo information should be submitted to or posted at our sites by persons under 13 years of age. FFNI does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 and does not sell such information. If we discover that we have received any information from a child under 13 in violation of this policy, we will delete that information immediately. If you believe FFNI has any information from or about anyone under the age of 13, please contact us immediately at the address listed below.Children should always get permission from their parents before sending any information about themselves (such as their names, e-mail addresses, and phone numbers) over the Internet, to us or to anyone else. We won’t knowingly allow anyone under 13 to register with us or to provide any other personal information. If you’re under 13, please do not provide us with any personal information about yourself (such as your name, your e-mail address or your phone number).Third partiesIt is not the policy of The Fergus Falls Journal to sell or make available such information to unrelated third parties; occasionally such information may be shared with other divisions of The Fergus Falls Journal. We may inform advertisers of the results of such analyses. And under any circumstance, fergusfallsjournal.com will refer only to general, aggregate usage data from these analyses – never specific identifying information.fergusfallsjournal.com performs statistical analyses of its server logs to study the use and popularity of various areas of our site. We also look at IP addresses to analyze where we are getting our audience.Users should keep in mind that, when posting their user name or e-mail address on bulletin boards or in other user-posted content areas, that information, along with any information in their postings, can be read by any third parties and may result in unsolicited messages from other posters or third parties. fergusfallsjournal.com has no control over that.fergusfallsjournal.com may make use of or refer to user-posted content for the purposes of promotion of fergusfallsjournal.com. This will mainly involve taking screen shots of a particular area of the site and using that screen shot as a graphic in an advertisement. fergusfallsjournal.com makes no claim of ownership to such user-posted content.fergusfallsjournal.com employs ‘cookies’ in circumstances that require session data or require user verification.We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our web site. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn or more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising for some companies, you can visit http://www.networkadvertising.org and http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.aspProcess to remove your personal informationMost of our services include information on how to remove your information and cancel the service. You may alternatively send us an email at webmaster@fergusfallsjournal.com requesting the services and information you would like removed.Changes to this policy & effective datesfergusfallsjournal.com reserves the right to change this policy at any time. The effective date of this policy shall be reflected by the updated date at the top of this page.
© Copyright 2020 Fergus Falls Daily Journal, 125 N Union Ave Suite 301 Fergus Falls, MN | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy