http://www.cunacouncils.org/privacy/
Privacy Policy
CUNA Councils
CEOC & RFINANCEHR & ODLENDINGM & BDO & METECHCOUNCILS COMMUNITY
About
Membership
Sponsorship
CUNA.ORG
My Profile
NewsEvents & RecognitionCUNA Councils ConferencesCUNA Councils ForumsPast ConferencesSponsorshipCouncil Scholarship ProgramsVirtual RoundtablesCouncil Awards ProgramsCrashers ProgramSpeaker Proposal FormCalendar of EventsResourcesMember Benefit VideosWhite PapersFile LibraryMarketer's ToolkitCUFX - Credit Union Financial ExchangeCredit Union MagazineJob BoardConnectCUNA Councils CommunityCouncils Mentor MatchVolunteer OpportunitiesCouncils on Social MediaSearch
Privacy Policy
Credit Union National Association Privacy Policy
CUNA is committed to responsible use of your personal and business information (“Information”). This Privacy Policy is an expectation you can have in all your dealings with CUNA. This Privacy Policy is effective June 1, 2020.
What Information We Collect and How We Use It
We collect certain personal, business, education, geographic and demographic Information such as name, address, phone, email addresses, identification numbers, call report, survey data. We also collect additional information, most often provided directly by you. We also collect certain information relating to your visits to our websites. When you visit a website, you disclose certain information, such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address, the type of browser and operating system used to access our website, the time of your visit and the pages you visit and the information you request. CUNA’s website, like many other sites, records this basic information about visits to our website. We use Information to promote, provide and confirm purchase of products and services, both from CUNA and its partners/vendors, and to improve on the quality of products and services provided. We use the information to educate ourselves on our members to best address member needs and desires, to track and measure web usage, to improve our websites and web-based services, and to efficiently communicate with you. Information we collect is not sold to third parties but may be disclosed when it facilitates the offering, provision or administration of products and services, or when it is required by legal process. We may share Information with CUNA affiliates, such as credit union leagues, vendors, exhibitors or sponsors.
How We Collect Information
Information we collect is most often voluntarily provided by you, for example by your creation of an account, registration for events or purchase of products/services, but is sometimes obtained from public or third-party sources, or in some instances through the use of "cookies." A cookie is a small text file that allows the storage of such information. Most browsers are set up to accept cookies, but you can change your settings to have your browser notify you when you receive a new cookie or to refuse to accept cookies. Cookies are important and necessary part of providing personalized services to our users.  Our service uses the following tracking methods: Local log files from our server and Google Analytics.  You can opt out of Google Analytics without affecting how you visit our website. For more information on opting out of Google Analytics tracking, visit this Google page.  We do not currently support the capability to respond to web browser “do not track” signals.
How We Protect Information
We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your nonpublic Information. Because there are inherent risks to confidentiality associated with the Internet, CUNA has made substantial investment in technology to protect the Information it collects. Your access to some services and content is password protected. We advise that you do not disclose your password to anyone.  You are solely responsible for keeping your password confidential and secure.  You understand that you are responsible for all use (including any unauthorized use) of your username and password. If your username or password is lost or stolen, or if you believe there has been unauthorized access to your account by a third party, you must notify us immediately and change your password as soon as possible. In addition, we recommend you sign out of password-protected services at the end of your session. When necessary, such as for credit card information, we use encryption, and only authorized individuals have access to your Information. This policy will be kept current on this site and we invite you to refer to it regularly.  If we make material changes, we will post a notice on the home page of our website with a link to the revised Privacy Policy.  Any such changes will be effective immediately upon posting, unless otherwise stated in the change. Should this site link to another non-CUNA site, we urge you to also visit their privacy pages.
How You Can Access Your Information
If at any time you have questions regarding, or are in any way uncomfortable with the collection or use of your Information, we urge you to contact us directly by sending an email to Hello@cuna.coop by calling 1 800 356-9655 so that we may answer your questions or otherwise address your concern.  Additionally, you may request information about our disclosures of certain categories of personal data to third parties for direct marketing purposes.  Such requests must be submitted to us at one of the following addresses: hello@cuna.coop.
How Long We Keep Personal Information
We will maintain personal information about you for as long as necessary in connection with both our and your legal rights and obligations for the purposes for which it was collected, to defend or advance legal claims, or otherwise required by applicable legal requirements.
What are Your Privacy Rights
You may be entitled to request that we disclose to you personal information we have collected about you, the categories of sources from which we collected the information, the purposes of collecting the information, the categories of third parties with whom we have shared the information, and the categories of personal information that we have shared with third parties for a business purpose.  In some instances, you may have the right to receive the information about you in a portable and readily usable format.  Subject to certain conditions, you may be entitled to request that we delete personal information about you.  Before providing any information or deleting information, we must be able to verify your identity.  We will not delete personal information about you when the information is required to fulfill a legal obligation, is necessary to exercise or defend legal claims, or where we are required or permitted to retain the information by law. We currently do not sell personal information to third parties. We may share personal information about you with our vendors and  partners and as permitted by law.   You may unsubscribe at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link or by unsubscribing in your account settings.  If you would like to appoint an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf, and that agent is not already authorized to access your account, we require you to verify your identity with us directly before we provide any requested information to your approved agent. We do not discriminate against you if you choose to exercise these rights.
Sign In
Sign In  Join
Contact CUNA Councils Staff
CUNA Councils
P.O. Box 431
Madison, WI 53701-0431
Phone: (800) 356-9655
CUNA.org
CUNACouncils.org
Contact Us
Privacy Policy | Disclaimer of Endorsement
© 2020 CUNA, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Reproduction is prohibited without written consent.
x
CUNA Councils
Sign In or Join
There's even more information available on this site for CUNA Council members
Login, or join today!
Okay
x
Council Tip
Now you can access information across all 6 Councils!
Click on additional tabs to pull in that Council’s content like news, file library documents, and white papers.  Unclick the tabs to show just one Council to see all that Council’s menu items.
News, file library and white papers can also be filtered directly on the page, using the filter buttons to the right below the search box.  Turn off the filters to see all your Council menu items.
Okay