http://www.courierpress.com/story/entertainment/2020/09/25/franklin-streets-hub-and-white-swan-coffee-lab-need-your-help/3490210001/
Evansville business looking for community's help to stay openAimee BlumeEvansville Courier & PressEVANSVILLE, Ind. — White Swan Coffee Lab owner David Rudibaugh and his wife are passionate about their coffee. They don't even have a menu on the wall, David said, because he doesn't want anyone to look at it and make up their mind.“I want them to stand in front of us at the counter and have a dialogue where we can communicate and build a relationship,” he said.Matching their deep passion for coffee is their desire to connect with people. They love music. They love art. And They feel called to host free community events.The Rudibaughs first forays into coffee service were during open-door house concerts they held on Haynie’s Corner First Fridays.White Swan’s first location was inside the Wired music venue in Downtown Evansville, where David hosted over 200 musical acts ranging from hip hop to metal to classical.Just over two years ago, the coffee shop moved to Franklin Street inside The Hub, where the multipurpose back room has been used for more than 100 musical acts, as a gallery, classroom and so much more.The coffee shop and Hub now though are in danger as the building has been listed for sale. More food newsMore:National Bourbon Heritage Month: real whiskey, virtual tasting by BourbonBlog.comMore:Stay Hungry: Save the White Swan, lobster rolls and more in this week's Evansville food newsMore:2nd Street Bistro and Bakery brings sweet treats, sandwiches to Boonville Square“The Hub is an extension of Simpson United Methodist Church,” David explained. “They wanted to have a place to engage the community that wasn’t intimidating, where they could serve people and love people without any kind of pressure that would make people uncomfortable.“There have been graduation parties back here, birthday parties, baby showers, business meetings, church group meetings,” he said. “The West Side Kiwanis meet here, neighborhood associations. There have been collections for food and clothing banks and kids’ art days and artist’s pop-up shops. We’ve continued our coffee and classic series with members of the Philharmonic chamber musicians, where we provide free classical music in a casual setting, which has exposed a lot of people to the Philharmonic and what they have to offer.”David said the owner gave them the opportunity to buy it before putting it on the market.“We’re thankful for the opportunity because anyone who is going to buy this storefront here at Franklin Street value is going to want to put their own business into it… but it’s tricky financially to jump into it, and pretty impossible after Covid,” he said.He and Kendra have begun a Kickstarter campaign to raise enough funds to make a down payment on the building — which, as it is commercial real estate, is larger than would be required for a residence.   When fees and taxes are taken into account, they need to raise $170,000.“I didn’t want to do it like this; I would much rather not ask anyone for help ever,” David said. “But we’ve had so many people urge us, and people who have said that if it ever came to it they want to help for the sake of the community… We need to make every effort even if it means choking on our own pride a little. It’s a melancholy thing to ask. But ultimately, we have always wanted to use what we’re doing for the good of everyone around us. If we owned the building, we’d have the freedom to green light more things. There’s a great opportunity to do more back here with the Hub and on our own.”To donate to the Kickstarter, go to kickstarter.com/projects/wscl/white-swan-coffee-labs-future-is-in-the-communitys-hands.Rewards are given for pledges, from a $1-off coupon for a $5 pledge to free coffee drinks, branded clothing, glasses and coffee beans for larger pledges; all the way to coffee beans, a pour-over kit with a private lesson and “mad scientist experience” with David for a pledge of over $10,000.If you goWhite Swan Coffee Lab is at 2025 W. Franklin St.Phone: 812-604-9529Hours: 8 a.m.-5 p.m. Tuesday - Saturdayfacebook.com/whiteswancoffeekickstarter.com/projects/wscl/white-swan-coffee-labs-future-is-in-the-communitys-handsfacebook.com/TheHubonFranklin/thehubonfranklin.wixsite.com/thehub