http://www.saja.org/privacy
Log in
Home
Elections
Donate
#SAJA2020
About
SAJA Bylaws
SAJA Group Inc. Bylaws
Stay Updated
Member reports
x-Donate
COVID-19 Resources
SAJA-Economic Hardship Reporting Project Grants
Job Bank
Programs
Awards 2020
Internship Fund
Professional Development
Reporting Fellowships
Funded Projects
Scholarships
SAJA25 Conference & Gala
Panels
Speakers
Speed Dating with Editors
SAJA25 Awards Gala
2019 Award Finalists
Our Sponsors
Membership
Member Application
Students
Member Resources
Volunteer
Public Member Directory
Donate
Virtual Events
SAJA AAJA Kamala Harris
PRIVACY STATEMENT
SAJA Group, Inc. and South Asian Journalists Association (SAJA) is strongly committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy discloses how we collect, use and share information we gather about you on SAJA's Web sites and the choices you have regarding our use of and your ability to correct the information. This Privacy Policy applies only to SAJA's Web sites and SAJA's Internet-enabled services, excluding those properties which primarily serve international markets. We hope that this disclosure will enhance your experience on the Internet and reinforce the trust that you place in SAJA's products and services.
INFORMATION COLLECTED ONLINE
Most of the information provided by SAJA is offered without our collecting any personally identifiable information from you. For instance, you can read articles and announcements without giving out any personally identifiable information. In order to maximize your experience and to provide you with enhanced products and services, however, SAJA collects personally identifiable information (e.g., name, e-mail address, etc.) and demographic data (e.g., zip code, gender, birth date, interests, etc.) that you voluntarily supply to us. When you make a purchase or sign up for one of our premium services, we will also collect your billing address, phone number, and credit card information. Some examples of instances when we collect personally identifiable information include when you:
Subscribe to our premium or enhanced services. (membership and e-mail list enrollment.)
Complete a survey
Register for a promotion, contest or sweepstakes
Make a purchase from our online store
Send us an e-mail message
Submit a photo to the photo gallery
Participate in an online forum or community, or
Customize saja.com.
Thus, you have a choice as to whether to provide your personally identifiable information. Although you are not required to disclose any personally identifiable information to us, portions of our Web site and other specialized services may be unavailable to you without such information.
In the case of participation in a chat session you are not required to provide any personally identifiable information. However, we do require you to select a user name. Also, the sessions are monitored and transcripts are posted on the Web site for access by other users. You should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit there can be read, collected, or used by other users of these forums, and could be used by other users to send you unsolicited messages. We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these forums.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We use the information you provide in a limited number of ways. We may use the information to service your account, conduct a transaction that you have requested, display information and advertisements that match your interests and profile, notify you if you've won a contest or sweepstakes and compile demographic statistics about our users. We may on occasion combine information about you that we have with information we obtain from other parties to enhance our ability to market to you those products or services that may be of interest to you.
HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
One of the most valuable assets of our business is you. SAJA does not rent, sell or share personal information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies except as described below.
SAJA.ORG AND ITS AFFILIATES
We provide you with the opportunity to opt in to receive notifications (e-mails). If you opt in, SAJA will use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from SAJA. These products may include, for example, schedules for special programs offered by SAJA.
COMPANIES OFFERING PROMOTIONS, PRODUCTS, OR SERVICES
In two types of instances, we provide you with the opportunity to opt-in to receive promotions, products or services from third party sponsors: 1) only with your permission, SAJA. will periodically send to you, via e-mail, offers and promotions from our third party sponsors which we select based upon your interests or user profile. In these instances, we do not share your personally identifiable information with the third party sponsors-we do the mailing for them. Additionally, you will always have the opportunity, with each e-mail, to opt-out of receiving future offers. 2) In other instances, we provide you with the opportunity to receive products and services from specifically identified third parties directly through our site. In these instances, you must explicitly consent to receive each offer. When you explicitly agree to receive offers from specific third parties, your personally identifiable information is shared with the specific third party to enable them to provide you with the offer you have requested. All information provided to third parties is governed by the Privacy Policies of these third parties. We are not responsible for the information collection practices of these third parties, and you should review the Privacy Policies of these parties before supplying personally identifiable information to them.
THIRD-PARTY PROCESSORS
When you submit your personal information on the saja.org Web site, it may be shared with a reputable third party ("Third Party Processors"). These Third Party Processors may include, for example, companies that operate our online store and companies that process credit card information or handle shipping for SAJA. These Third Party Processors may organize, administer, process, and/or analyze data on our behalf to help us provide more relevant offers to you and to eliminate the delivery of duplicate offers. In addition, these Third Party Processors correct and/or update users' data based on information we provide them. We may also use Third Party Processors to deliver materials to you via e-mail or postal service. The data we provide to Third Party Processors is securely stored and maintained by them so that it can be accessed when needed for future purposes. Further, all such Third Party Processors are contractually bound by us to keep the information confidential. All information provided to Third Party Processors is used by them only to carry out the service they are providing for SAJA.
LINKS TO OTHER WEB SITES
Like many Web sites on the Internet, SAJA links to pages located on Web sites maintained by various other entities not bound by our Privacy Policy. In some cases you may link to pages of other Web sites that are framed with elements of saja.org such as in the header or footer. The URL will identify the site you are visiting. We are not responsible for the information collection practices of other Web sites. The Privacy Policies of other organizations may differ from ours, for example, with respect to the level of security, use of cookies, and collection, use and disclosure of personally identifiable information.
OTHER LIMITATIONS ON PRIVACY
We may provide personally identifiable information without your permission (i) pursuant to judicial or other government subpoenas, warrants, or orders; (ii) where SAJA believes our property or an individual's safety or security is at risk; iii) if we find that your actions violate our Legal Restrictions and Terms of Use; or iv) where otherwise required by law.
E-MAIL A FRIEND
If you choose to use our service that allows you to e-mail a page of our site to a friend, we do not have access to and do not collect any personally identifiable information regarding you or your friend.
IP ADDRESSES, COOKIES, WEB BEACONS AND GIFS
SAJA and Third Party Processors acting on our behalf uses various Internet technologies which help us to manage our site operations and track usage behavior so that we can tailor information and advertisements to make your visits more enjoyable and meaningful. These Internet technologies include:
IP Addresses:random numbers assigned to individual computers which SAJA uses to administer our Web site and help diagnose problems with our servers.
Cookies:small electronic files transferred from our Web site to your hard drive. Cookies enable SAJA to recognize repeat visitors, track usage behavior and facilitate your access to and use of our site. If you wish, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a Cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all Cookies. You can do this by resetting your browser (such as Netscape Navigator or Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your Cookies. If you turn Cookies off, however, you won't have access to many of the features which make your experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly.
Web Beacons (sometimes called single-pixel Gifs):electronic images that allow SAJA to count users who have visited certain Web pages we wish to track. For example, SAJA may include Web Beacons in promotional email messages in order to count how many messages have been opened and acted upon. Web Beacons may also be placed by our advertising partners on SAJA. Web pages to help determine the effectiveness of Internet advertising campaigns.
Information that is collected via IP Address, Cookie and Web Beacon technologies is not personally identifiable. However, if you choose to provide SAJA with personally identifiable information, this information may be linked to the data stored in these technologies. In addition, we may share aggregate (not individual) site usage statistics and demographic information with advertisers and other third parties, but this information will not include any personally identifiable information. Personal information about you as an individual will not be provided to any third party without your consent, except under the circumstances described above in the "Third Party Processors" and "Other Limitations on Privacy" sections.
Use of Cookie and Web Beacon Technology by Advertisers and Ad Serving Networks
SAJA works with other third parties to serve ads on our site. Some of these ads contain Cookies and/or Web Beacons that are used to track user behavior. This privacy policy does not cover the use of Cookies or Web Beacons set by any third party advertisers. SAJA does not have control over, or even access to, the information contained in these third party Cookies or Web Beacons.
Opting-Out, Corrections and Cancellations
In order to receive an offer or promotion from SAJA or a third party, a user must have chosen to receive it during a registration process. To completely ensure that we have your consent, we make sure that each e-mail we send you presents the additional opportunity to opt-out of receiving future e-mails.
To reset your password, update your personally identifiable information, correct any information, make changes to your preferences, unsubscribe to any e-mail subscriptions or to opt-out of any services, you may access your profile online from every page by mousing over "Members" and choosing "Profiles" from the flyout submenu.
Children's Privacy
SAJA is committed to protecting the safety and privacy of young people using the Internet. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 and believe that children should get their parents' or guardians' consent before giving out any personal information.
Our Web site may contain links to third party Web sites geared to children. The linked sites are not under the control of SAJA. We are not responsible for the contents of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site, nor are we responsible for the privacy practices of the operators of those sites with respect to children. We strongly encourage parents and guardians to review the Privacy Policies of all linked sites.
Our Commitment to Security
Keeping the information you provide to SAJA secure is important to us. We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to protect and safeguard your data. Of course, although SAJA uses standard industry practices to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee that your communications with our site will never be unlawfully intercepted, or that your personal information will never be unlawfully accessed by third parties.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
SAJA reserves the right to alter our Privacy Policy as business needs require. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes here so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information and whether we will disclose it to anyone. All changes to this policy will be posted on our Web site prior to the time they take effect. In the event that we make material changes to the way we use personally identifiable information, affected consumers will be notified via e-mail and will be given the opportunity to opt-out.
© SAJA | South Asian Journalists Association | Privacy Policy
Powered by Wild Apricot Membership Software