https://www.mondotimes.com/about/privacy.html
USA LocalMedia
USA NationalMedia
WorldwideMedia
MediaCompanies
Go To:
Contact
About
Privacy
USA Local Media
USA National Media
Worldwide Media
Media Companies
Easy Media List
Home > About >
Privacy PolicyPrivacy PolicyThe Short Version
We like personal privacy and we don't like spam (unsolicited commercial email messages). We do not give, rent or sell membership information to any third party.
Register for Free Basic Membership
easymedialist
Download News Media Contact Lists
mediaowners
Who Owns The American Media?
The Long Version
When you visit Mondo Times, we collect your IP address, which is the location of your computer on the Internet. The IP address is used for system administration, troubleshooting and statistical analysis of site usage. We do not use IP address logs to track your behavior in this site.
Comments and Questions: We use forms and email links to allow you to contact us directly with any questions or comments you may have. We will use your email address only to respond directly to you.
Member Registration: If you decide to become a registered member of MondoTimes.com, we require that you supply your real name, age, e-mail address, and a username and password of your choice. Other than your username, which is public, information collected during member registration will not be provided to third parties without your consent.
We may use your email address to contact you about account status and to confirm your registration.
Third-Party Advertising: We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our web site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, visit the Google Privacy Center: Advertising and Privacy or the Network Advertising Initiative.
Statistical Analysis: We sometimes share the information we gather, in aggregate form only, with advertisers and other partners. We will not release personal information about you as an individual to third parties, except as described below under "Contests and Promotions" and "Compliance with Legal Process."
Contests and Promotions: MondoTimes.com sometimes collects personal information in connection with optional contests, sweepstakes, surveys, or special offers. When these events are sponsored by a third party, the information gathered may be shared with that party.
Compliance with Legal Process: We may disclose personal information if we are required to do so by law or we in good faith believe that such action is necessary to protect the personal safety or property of our users, ourselves or the public.
This means that if you provide false information or attempt to pose as someone else, information about you may be disclosed as part of any investigation into your actions.