https://www.idsnews.com/page/policies
We've redesigned our website, please let us know what you think.
News
All News
Academics and Research
Administration
Bloomington
Business & Economy
Crime & Courts
Indiana
Investigations
Politics
Student Government
Student Life
Arts
All Arts
Community Events
Culture
Film
IU Auditorium
Jacobs School of Music
Local Music
Sports
All Sports
Football
Men's Basketball
Women's Basketball
Baseball
Volleyball
Wrestling
Men's Soccer
Women's Soccer
Swimming & Diving
Black Voices
Opinion
All Opinion
Columns
Editorial
Letters
OPED
Perspectives
Features
Marketplace
All Marketplace
IDS Events
LiveInBtown
Classifieds
IDS Health
IDS Religious
Support Us
Coronavirus
Monroe County vaccine
Isolated on Thanksgiving
Policies
Copyright Notice All content on this site, including but not limited to text, graphics, photographs, design, code, archived material, etc., is copyrighted to IU Student Media. This includes The Indiana Daily Student Web sitePrivacy Practices IU Student Media may use your IP address for technical administration of our Web sites or servers. This information is used to gather broad demographic information.Some features of our Web sites may require more detailed contact information, including but not limited to name, age grouping, e-mail address, zip code and gender. This information is typically used to allow us to send out notifications of contest wins, responses to inquiries or requests for information from us or special events. Other uses of this data may be to customize the visitor’s experience so that they can receive the content they prefer.Our Web sites may enable you to communicate with other visitors to our sites through features like blogs, forums and comments. When you subscribe to these services, other visitors may collect your data. This is typically a username or “screen name” that you voluntarily provide.We do not rent, sell, trade or otherwise give to other parties any information visitors of our site provide us. This includes mailing lists, contest entries, requests for information or any other information on a form on which we ask you to provide information.We will not “spam” you and it is our policy not to send unsolicited mail. Although some features will remain unavailable without disclosure of contact information, visitors will be given the opportunity to opt-out.Security IU Student Media has implemented security policies, rules and technical measures to protect the personal data that we have under our control. This includes protection from unauthorized access, improper use or disclosure, unauthorized modification and unlawful destruction or accidental loss. All our employees who have access to and are associated with the processing of personal data are obliged to respect the confidentiality of our visitor’s personal data. We will not disclose your personal information to State institutions and authorities, except if required by law or other regulation.Children’s Guidelines We do not knowingly collect personal data from children. IU Student Media assumes that visitors to our Web sites are of legal age. All content on IU Student Media sites may not be appropriate for children. Articles may occasionally contain explicit or suggestive content, profanity and other mature material. Parental guidance is encouraged.Terms of use This site includes interactive features such as Weblogs, comment tools and e-mail services. Responsibility for what is posted using these features lies with each user. You are responsible for the material you post or send. IU Student Media does not edit or control the material you or others provide. Conditions for your use of the site assumes that you will not:Use the site to post or transmit unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, profane or indecent information.Use the site to violate or infringe upon the rights of others, including privacy copyright or trademark rights.Restrict or inhibit other users from enjoying the site, including interference with servers or networks used to provide the site.Use the site to commit illegal activities or encourage others to do so, including hacking or password miningUse the site to post or transmit harmful software or other material such as a virus.Use the site for commercial purposes, including solicitation to anyone to buy or sell products or services or make donations of any kind without our written permission.Use information posted by other users to gather information for marketing purposes.We have no obligation to monitor any bulletin boards, chat rooms, Weblogs or other interactive areas of the site. We reserve the right to disclose any information to satisfy any law, regulation or governmental request. We may also remove or refuse to post information or material that is objectionable or in violation of our Terms of Use. Violation of our Terms of Use may result in denial of services.Some features of this site require that you provide demographic information about yourself or that you register with us using a form to provide personally identifiable information. You agree to provide accurate, true and current information about yourself. Providing inaccurate, false or outdated information may result in suspended or terminated access to our site and its services. Our use of your information is governed by our Privacy Practices. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account credentials. You are also responsible for activities that occur using your account, including any loss or damage arising from your failure to protect your information.CommentsThe Indiana Daily Student encourages reader comments and criticisms of our work. However, the IDS reserves the right to remove any comment that violates our commenting policies. This includes our website as well as our social media accounts. Violations that may result in removal include:Advertising, off-topic commentary, spam, plagiarism and copyrighted material; Personal attacks, abuse or harassment of other community members, subjects of our coverage or staff;Hate speech or stereotypes that attack or disparage an ethnic, sexual or religious group or a member of any such group;Obscenities, vulgarities or any variation of such that suggests, connotes or contains indecent, offensive or lewd speech;Commenting using a pseudonym or fake accountAll comments, respectfully presented, are welcome. We reserve the right to suspend or block users as necessary. The IDS will use a three-strike policy when it comes to blocking a user. The first time a user breaks the commenting rules, the comment will be removed and recorded. The second time the comment will be removed and the user will be contacted. If a user chooses to break the commenting rules a third time, they will be blocked from future commenting.If you see a comment that may violate IDS commenting policy, please email socialmedia@idsnews.com. Publishers Notice All housing advertised is subject to the Federal Fair Housing Act which makes it illegal to advertise preference, limitations, or discrimination based on race, color, religion, sex, handicap, familial status or national origin, or intention to make any such reference, limitation or discrimination. We will not accept any advertising for housing which is in violation of the law. All persons are hereby informed that all dwellings advertised are available on an equal opportunity basis.Letters to the editorLetters should not exceed 400 words and may be edited for length and style. They must include the person’s name, address and telephone number for verification. Email submissions to letters@idsnews.com. Letters can be mailed or dropped off at the IDS, 130 Franklin Hall, 601 E. Kirkwood Ave., Bloomington, Ind, 47405
Trending
newscrime & courts
Man threatening himself and others with knife in Walmart Sunday taken to hospital
Nov 30, 2020 1:37 pm
newsadministration
IU announces three wellness days in spring semester
6 days ago
newscrime & courts
Bloomington man charged with murder after stabbing, killing mother Saturday evening
Nov 30, 2020 7:05 pm
newsbusiness & economybloomington
Bloomington Dunkin', Baskin Robbins location to open Monday, Dec. 7
6 days ago
sportsfootball
IU football wins ugly against Maryland, but loses quarterback Michael Penix Jr. to injury
Nov 28, 2020 5:39 pm
Marketplace
Powered by
Solutions by The State News
All Content © 2020 Indiana Daily Student