http://www.einnews.com/privacy_policy
World News Media Monitoring - EIN News - Privacy Policy
About
About EIN Presswire
How We Are Different. Better
Distribution Overview
How It Works
Get Started
Testimonials
Video Tutorials
Editorial Guidelines
FAQs
Contact
Pricing
Distribution
Pricing & Comparison Chart
Distribution Overview
U.S. TV & Radio Stations
EIN Microwires
Mobile Apps
Press Releases
All
Featured
By Industry
By Country
By US State
Archive
Newswires
All
By Industry
Agriculture
Airline
Automotive
Banking
Book Publishing
Business
Casinos
Chemicals
Companies
Conferences & Trade Shows
Construction
Consumer
Cosmetics
Education
Electronics
Emergency Services
Energy
Environment
Food
Furniture
Healthcare
Hobbies
Human Rights
IT
Insurance
International Organizations
Law
Lifestyle
Manufacturing
Media
Military
Mining
Movie
Music
Natural Disasters
Politics
Religion
Real Estate
Retail
Science
Shipping & Logistics
Social Media
Sports
Technology
Telecom
Textiles
Tobacco
Travel
U.S. Politics
Waste Management
World News
By Country
Afghanistan
Alabama (US)
Alaska (US)
Albania
Algeria
Andorra
Angola
Argentina
Arizona (US)
Arkansas (US)
Armenia
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
California (US)
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Colombia
Colorado (US)
Comoros
Congo-Brazzaville
Congo-Kinshasa
Connecticut (US)
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Delaware (US)
Denmark
District of Columbia (US)
Djibouti
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands
Fiji
Finland
Florida (US)
France
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Georgia (US)
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Hawaii (US)
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
Idaho (US)
Illinois (US)
India
Indiana (US)
Indonesia
Iowa (US)
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Ivory Coast
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kansas (US)
Kazakhstan
Kentucky (US)
Kenya
Kosovo
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Louisiana (US)
Luxembourg
Madagascar
Maine (US)
Malawi
Malaysia
Mali
Malta
Maryland (US)
Massachusetts (US)
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mexico
Michigan (US)
Minnesota (US)
Mississippi (US)
Missouri (US)
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montana (US)
Montenegro
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nebraska (US)
Nepal
Netherlands
Nevada (US)
New Hampshire (US)
New Jersey (US)
New Mexico (US)
New York (US)
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
North Carolina (US)
North Dakota (US)
North Korea
North Macedonia
Norway
Ohio (US)
Oklahoma (US)
Oman
Oregon (US)
Pakistan
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Pennsylvania (US)
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Rhode Island (US)
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Somalia
South Africa
South Carolina (US)
South Dakota (US)
South Korea
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Tennessee (US)
Texas (US)
Thailand
Togo
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Utah (US)
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City
Venezuela
Vermont (US)
Vietnam
Virginia (US)
Washington (US)
West Virginia (US)
Western Sahara
Wisconsin (US)
Wyoming (US)
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
By US State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
Resources
World Media Directory
US Media Directory
Mobile App
Affiliate Program
RSS Feeds
Email Newsletters
News Alert Maker
NewsPlugin
Live Feed
Questions?
+1 (202) 335-3939
Pricing
& Comparison Chart
Contact
Log In
Set Up FREE Account
Submit Release
News Search
Search
World Media Directory
·
RSS
·
Email Newsletters
There were 912 press releases posted in the last 24 hours and 188,726 in the last 365 days.
Privacy Policy
Go to:
Choose a section…
Welcome to EIN Presswire
Definitions
Data Collection and Use
Use of Data
Retention of Data
Transfer of Data
Disclosure of Data for Law Enforcement
Security of Data
Your Data Protection Rights Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Service Providers
Links to Other Sites
Children's Privacy
Changes to This Privacy Policy
Contact Information
1. Welcome to EIN Presswire
Thanks for using our services (“Services”). When you use our Services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, and delete your information.
2. Definitions
Services mean services provided by Internet Product Development Group, Inc., dba EIN Presswire (“EIN Presswire”, or “We”), an independent privately-held company in the state of Maryland with offices in Washington, DC, and Prague, Czech Republic.
Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
Cookies are small pieces of data stored on your device (computer or mobile device).
Data Controller means the natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal information are, or are to be, processed. For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your Personal Data.
Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller. We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.
Data Subject (or User) is any living individual who is using our Service and is the subject of Personal Data.
3. Data Collection and Use
Personal Data
While using our Services, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Such personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
First name and last name
Phone number
Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City
Cookies and Usage Data
We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt-out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send.
Usage Data
We may also collect information on how the Service is accessed and used ("Usage Data"). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on when using our Services and hold certain information.
Cookies are files with a small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Services.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Services.
Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Advertising Cookies. Advertising Cookies are used to serve you with advertisements that may be relevant to you and your interests.
4. Use of Data
We use data to build better services for all our users. These include but are not limited to:
To provide and maintain our Services.
To notify you about changes to our Services.
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Services when you choose to do so.
To provide customer support.
To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Services.
To monitor the usage of our Services.
To detect, prevent and address technical issues.
To provide you with news, special offers and general information about other services which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information.
If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), the legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Data we collect and the specific context in which we collect it. We may process your Personal Data because:
We need to perform a contract with you.
You have given us permission to do so.
The processing is in our legitimate interests and it's not overridden by your rights.
For payment processing purposes.
To comply with the law.
5. Retention of Data
We will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
We will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Services, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
6. Transfer of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to the United States and Canada and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
7. Disclosure of Data for Law Enforcement
Under certain circumstances, we may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency). We may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation.
To protect and defend our rights.
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service.
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public.
To protect against legal liability.
8. Security of Data
We build security into our Services to protect your information. All our services are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information.
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
9. Your Data Protection Rights Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. We aim to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.
If you wish to be informed of what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.
In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:
The right to access, update or delete the information we have on you. Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact us to assist you.
The right of rectification. You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete.
The right to object. You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data.
The right of restriction. You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information.
The right to data portability. You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format.
The right to withdraw consent. You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where we relied on your consent to process your personal information.
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.
You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).
10. Service Providers
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Services.
Google Analytics. Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Services. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
AddThis. AddThis connects people to content and enables marketers to develop more personal and effective relationships with their current and future customers. AddThis collects non-personally identifiable information from many of the websites in which AddThis is enabled, and use that information to deliver targeted advertising and personalized content on those websites as well as other websites you may visit.
If you prefer that AddThis does not collect non-personally identifiable information about your website visits for the purpose of delivering targeted advertising, you may opt-out by visiting the https://www.addthis.com/privacy/opt-out URL and clicking on the “opt-out” button there.
For more information on the privacy practices of AddThis, please visit the AddThis Privacy web page: https://www.addthis.com/privacy
Advertising
We may use third-party Service Providers to show advertisements to you to help support and maintain our Services.
Google AdSense & DoubleClick Cookie. Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our Services. Google's use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our Services or other websites on the Internet.
You may opt-out of the use of the DoubleClick Cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting the Google Ads Settings web page: http://www.google.com/ads/preferences/
Behavioral Remarketing
We use remarketing services to advertise on third-party websites to you after you use our Services. We and our third-party vendors use cookies to inform, optimize and serve ads based on your past usage of our Services.
Google AdWords Google. AdWords remarketing service is provided by Google Inc. You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize the Google Display Network ads by visiting the Google Ads Settings page: https://www.google.com/settings/ads
Google also recommends installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on - https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout - for your web browser. Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on provides visitors with the ability to prevent their data from being collected and used by Google Analytics.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy
Facebook. Facebook remarketing service is provided by Facebook Inc.
You can learn more about interest-based advertising from Facebook by visiting this page: https://www.facebook.com/help/164968693837950
To opt-out from Facebook's interest-based ads follow these instructions from Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/help/568137493302217
Facebook adheres to the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising established by the Digital Advertising Alliance. You can also opt-out from Facebook and other participating companies through the Digital Advertising Alliance in the USA http://www.aboutads.info/choices/, the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada in Canada http://youradchoices.ca/ or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance in Europe http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/, or opt-out using your mobile device settings.
For more information on the privacy practices of Facebook, please visit Facebook's Data Policy: https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Social Networking Services
You may register to join the Service directly via the Service or by logging into your account with a third party social networking service (“SNS”) via our Services (e.g. Facebook or Google). If you choose to register via an SNS, or to later link your account with the Service to your account with an SNS, we will use the Personal Information you have provided to the SNS (such as your name, email address, gender and other information you make publicly available via the SNS) to create your account. Note that the information we collect from and through an SNS may depend on the privacy settings you have set with the SNS and the permissions you grant to us in connection with linking your account with the Service to your account with an SNS. Other than what we may share with the SNS as described below, the Personal Information an SNS has about you is obtained by the SNS independent of our Services, and we are not responsible for it.
The Service also may permit additional interactions between it and a third party website, service, or other content providers, such as enabling you to like or share content to a third party SNS. If you choose to like or share content, or to otherwise share information from or via our Services with a third-party site or service, that information may be publicly displayed, and the third party may have access to information about you and your use of our Services (and we may have access to information about you from that third party). These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Your interactions with third parties through an SNS or similar features are governed by the respective privacy policies of those third parties.
You represent that you are entitled to use your SNS account for the purposes described herein without breach by you of any of the terms and conditions that govern the SNS, and without obligating us to pay any fees or making us subject to any usage limitations imposed by such SNS. Please note that your relationship with any SNS is governed solely by your agreement(s) with such SNS. If your SNS account terminates, then functions enabled through the link between your account and your SNS account will terminate as well.
Facebook. Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Google. Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at https://policies.google.com/privacy
Payments
We may provide paid products and/or services within the Service. In that case, we use third-party services for payment processing (e.g. payment processors).
We will not store or collect your payment card details. That information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors whose use of your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information.
The payment processors we work with are:
PayPal. Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at https://www.paypal.com/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
Authorize.net. Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at https://www.authorize.net/company/privacy/
Recurly. Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at https://recurly.com/legal/privacy
11. Links to Other Sites
Our Services may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
12. Children's Privacy
Our Services do not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children"). We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
13. Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
14. Contact Information
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us using the contact form at https://www.einpresswire.com/contact or by calling +1 (202) 335-3939.
PR Distribution
Home
How It Works
Why Us
Pricing
Distribution
Editorial Guidelines
Submit Release
Newswires
All Newswires
World Newswires
US Newswires
Industry Newswires
Press Releases
All Press Releases
Releases by Country
Releases by US State
Releases by Industry
Releases by Date
Resources
World Media Directory
Mobile App
Affiliate Program
RSS Feeds
Email Newsletters
News Alert Maker
NewsPlugin
Help/Support
FAQ
Video Tutorials
Client Testimonials
Contact
Contact Form
In the U.S. call
+1 (202) 335-3939
In Europe call
+44 20 8036 3949
Follow EIN Presswire
User Agreement
Privacy Policy
Copyright Policy
© 1995-2020 IPD Group, Inc. dba EIN Presswire
All Right Reserved.