http://www.dailytimes.com/site/terms.html
Sign Up
Log In
Dashboard
Logout
My Account
Dashboard
Profile
Saved items
Logout
Home
News
Obituaries
Sports
Opinion
editorials
Letters to the Editor
polls
Submit a Letter
Life & Arts
e-Editions
Classifieds Ads
Job Ads
Place a Classified Ad
Search
Toggle navigation
Menu
Buy & Sell
Customer Service
Subscribe
Today's E-Edition
Newsletters
COVID-19 Updates
Breaking Now
Ingram gets new mayor, police chief
Home
Site
Kerr County Elections Office
Site
Southern Newspapers Inc., owner of The Seguin Gazette and www.seguingazette.com, is committed to maintaining the privacy of personal information that you provide to us when using our web site and related online services.This Privacy Policy describes how we treat personal information received about you when you visit or subscribe to the site. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any personal information received by Southern Newspapers Inc. in connection with your subscriptions to the print edition of The Seguin Gazette.We may make content or services from other Web sites partnered with The Seguin Gazette available to you from links located on www.seguingazette.com. These other sites are not subject to this Privacy Policy. We recommend that you review the privacy policy at each such site to determine how that site protects your privacy.Information we collectGeneral: When you register, and at other times, we will collect personally identifiable information from you that may include your name, age, address, e-mail address, credit-card number and facts about your computers, profession, investing habits and similar information. We do not, however, knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of thirteen.Web Site Usage Information: We automatically collect IP addresses and Web site usage information from you when you visit the site. This information helps us evaluate how our visitors and subscribers use and navigate our sites, including the number and frequency of visitors and subscribers to each page, and the length of their visits.How we use information collectedWe may use information in the following ways:For the purposes for which you specifically provided the information including, for example, to enable us to process, validate and verify subscriptions or registrations.To send you notifications about our new or existing products and services, special offers, or to otherwise contact you.To enhance existing features or develop new features, products and services.To provide advertisers and other third parties with aggregate information about our user base and usage patterns.To allow us to personalize the content and advertising that you and others see based on personal characteristics or preferences.We may combine the information that we collect from you on the site with information that you provide to us in connection with your use of our other products, services and sites.Except as specifically set forth in this Privacy Policy, we will not share your personally identifiable information outside of Southern Newspapers Inc. unless you "opt in" to having your personally identifiable information shared with a company that is not affiliated with us.Compliance with legal processWe may disclose personal information if we are required to do so by law or we in good faith believe that such action is necessary to (1) comply with the law or with legal process; (2) protect and defend our rights and property; (3) protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our Web sites; or (4) protect the personal safety or property of our users or the public (among other things, this means that if you provide false information or attempt to pose as someone else, information about you may be disclosed as part of any investigation into your actions).We may disclose and use personally identifiable information in special circumstances where it is necessary to enforce our Subscriber Agreement or Terms of Use (for example, when necessary to protect our intellectual property rights).Online advertisingWhen you view an ad, our third-party advertising company may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser. The information collected is not personally identifiable and is used only to track response to our advertising efforts.Comments and questionsIf you have any questions, comments or concerns about our Privacy Policy, you may contact us at support@dailytimes.com.
Newsletters
Success! An email has been sent to
with a link to confirm list signup.
Error! There was an error processing your request.
Breaking News
Receive alerts from The Kerrville Daily Times newsroom anytime there is a breaking news event
Hill Country Sports
Get a weekly update on the latest Kerr County sports news
In Case You Missed It
ICYM is a weekly newsletter highlighting thee important, talked about, and most read stories of the last week.
Kerrville Deals & Contests
Sign up to receive emails about latest deals, contests, and special offers from the Kerrville Daily Times and select partners.
Morning Headlines
Start your morning with a briefing on the latest Kerr County news
News Updates
Would like to receive our breaking news alerts?  Signup today!
Obituary notices
Receive daily notices of deaths, obituaries and pending funeral notices
Weekly Devotionals
Get recommended scripture reading, weekly faith columns, and latest church news.
You must select at least one email list.
Please enter a valid email address.
Sign up
Manage your lists
Today's front page
Daily Times
Daily Times
Riverhill Living Winter 2020
Riverhill Living Winter 2020
Upcoming Events
Dec
11
Drum Circle
Fri, Dec 11, 2020
CST
Dec
16
Empowering Dual Diagnosis Recovery
Wed, Dec 16, 2020
CST
Dec
16
A Course in Miracles
Wed, Dec 16, 2020
CST
Dec
17
Hill Country Computer Club
Thu, Dec 17, 2020
CST
TRENDING NOW
Police officers resign en masse in Ingram; another council member to step down
2 more departures at Ingram Police Department
All but 1 officer at Ingram Police Department resigns; 2 members of Ingram City council tender resignations
Peterson reports 56 new Kerr County COVID-19 cases, 1 more death at hospital
One family mourns the loss of a wife, mother, grandmother who lost her fight with COVID-19
Submit a Letter to the Editor
If you're interested in submitting a Letter to the Editor, click here.
Submit
Online Poll
Would you support casino gaming in Texas?
During a meeting this week, a representative of the Las Vegas Sands casinos argued that Texas would be a great market for casino gaming, but the state also has some of the strictest gambling laws in the country. What do you think?
You voted:
Build a casino in Kerrville
No casinos in Texas — ever
Casinos are fine, if heavily regulated
Casinos only along the Gulf Coast
No opinion
Vote
View Results
Back
Special Sections
Special Sections
Riverhill Living Winter 2020
Dec 1, 2020
Special Sections
Dec Hill Country Culture
Nov 28, 2020
Special Sections
BusinessLink November 2020
Nov 14, 2020
Special Sections
Nov Hill Country Culture
Oct 24, 2020
More Publications