http://www.thefacts.com/site/privacy.html
Sign Up
Log In
Dashboard
Logout
My Account
Dashboard
Profile
Saved items
Logout
News
Your Town
Angleton/Central County
Brazosport/Coastal
North County
West of the Brazos
Sports
Obituaries
Opinion
Brazos Living
Photographs
e-Edition
Special Sections
Classifieds
Subscribe
Site Forms
Toggle navigation
Menu
Toggle navigation
Classifieds
Vehicle
Top Ads
Service
Sale
Personals
Job
Housing
Community
Customer Service
Carrier Application
Vacation
Pay Bill Online
Subscribe
Gift Subscribe
Delivery Issues
Change Address
Subscribe
e-Edition
Special Sections
Breaking News
Home
Site
Site
Southern Newspapers Inc., owner of The Facts and www.thefacts.com, is committed to maintaining the privacy of personal information that you provide to us when using our web site and related online services.This Privacy Policy describes how we treat personal information received about you when you visit or subscribe to the site. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any personal information received by Southern Newspapers Inc. in connection with your subscriptions to the print edition of The Facts.We may make content or services from other Web sites partnered with The Facts available to you from links located on www.thefacts.com. These other sites are not subject to this Privacy Policy. We recommend that you review the privacy policy at each such site to determine how that site protects your privacy.Information we collectGeneral: When you register, and at other times, we will collect personally identifiable information from you that may include your name, age, address, e-mail address, credit-card number and facts about your computers, profession, investing habits and similar information. We do not, however, knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of thirteen.Web Site Usage Information: We automatically collect IP addresses and Web site usage information from you when you visit the site. This information helps us evaluate how our visitors and subscribers use and navigate our sites, including the number and frequency of visitors and subscribers to each page, and the length of their visits.How we use information collectedWe may use information in the following ways:·For the purposes for which you specifically provided the information including, for example, to enable us to process, validate and verify subscriptions or registrations.·To send you notifications about our new or existing products and services, special offers, or to otherwise contact you.·To enhance existing features or develop new features, products and services.·To provide advertisers and other third parties with aggregate information about our user base and usage patterns.·To allow us to personalize the content and advertising that you and others see based on personal characteristics or preferences.We may combine the information that we collect from you on the site with information that you provide to us in connection with your use of our other products, services and sites.Except as specifically set forth in this Privacy Policy, we will not share your personally identifiable information outside of Southern Newspapers Inc. unless you "opt in" to having your personally identifiable information shared with a company that is not affiliated with us.Compliance with legal processWe may disclose personal information if we are required to do so by law or we in good faith believe that such action is necessary to (1) comply with the law or with legal process; (2) protect and defend our rights and property; (3) protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our Web sites; or (4) protect the personal safety or property of our users or the public (among other things, this means that if you provide false information or attempt to pose as someone else, information about you may be disclosed as part of any investigation into your actions).We may disclose and use personally identifiable information in special circumstances where it is necessary to enforce our Subscriber Agreement or Terms of Use (for example, when necessary to protect our intellectual property rights).Online advertisingWhen you view an ad, our third-party advertising company may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser. The information collected is not personally identifiable and is used only to track response to our advertising efforts.Comments and questionsIf you have any questions, comments or concerns about our Privacy Policy, you may contact us at support@thefacts.com.
Subscribe to enter!
Upload Your Photo Here
Today's e-Edition
Most Popular
Articles
Images
Videos
Commented
ArticlesFather, two children die in Angleton wreckMan pronounced dead after crash into Lake Jackson houseQuarantine rules changes being implemented in local schoolsTHE SCOOP: Casa Tequila opening this weekNew driver’s license center opens to light businessSweeny Junior High goes virtual due to COVID casesPamela Jackson SchwebelJustin, Cameron and Camila PenaLake Jackson awaits CDC test resultsLJI moves to remote learning until next year
Images
VideosSorry, there are no recent results for popular videos.
CommentedLetter to the editor for Dec. 5, 2020 (12)MICHAEL MORRIS: Reagan, Trump had glaring difference (12)ROSS RAMSEY: Election is over; time to govern (10)OUR VIEWPOINT: Don't let guard down against spread of coronavirus (7)Letter to the editor for Nov. 12, 2020 (7)ROSS RAMSEY: System of choosing leaders under siege (6)OUR VIEWPOINT: Allow election to play out, but put country first (5)Letters to the editor for Nov. 17, 2020 (5)Letter to the editor (4)MICHAEL MORRIS: Politicians not being held to account (4)
Brazos Monthly
Gulf Coast Giants
Latest News
Brazoria County Day canceled for 2021
Peace, support sought at crime victims' remembrance
Silver Hearts spread holiday cheer
Updates for Dec. 10, 2020
Retiring county officials to be honored with skeet shoot, fish lunch
Brazoswood unveils new field house
Sweeny hires new athletics director
Local volleyball players recognized
Online Poll
How do you plan to do your Christmas shopping this year?
You voted:
Completely in person
Completely online
Mostly in person, but some online
Mostly online, but some in person
About equally in person and online
Vote
View Results
Back
Newsletters
Success! An email has been sent to
with a link to confirm list signup.
Error! There was an error processing your request.
Daily Obituaries
Get a list of the day’s obituaries, delivered to your inbox every day.
Daily Headlines
Would you like to receive our daily headlines? Signup today!
Breaking News
Get the latest breaking news from The Facts. Sign up today!
You must select at least one email list.
Please enter a valid email address.
Sign up
Manage your lists
Newspaper Ads
Lawn Care Person Wanted
Bulletin
© Copyright 2020 The Facts, 720 S. Main St. Clute, TX | Privacy Policy