http://www.thonline.com/site/privacy.html
Sign Up
Log In
Dashboard
Logout
My Account
Dashboard
Profile
Saved items
Logout
Toggle navigation
Sign Up
Log In
Dashboard
Logout
My Account
Dashboard
Profile
Saved items
Logout
SUBSCRIBE
LOG OUT
LOGIN
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
eEDITION
SEARCH
MORE
CURRENT WEATHER
Dubuque, Iowa
5:52 PM
XX°
VIEW FULL FORECAST
SEARCH
LOCAL
NEWS
SPORTS
FEATURES
OBITS
OPINION
EVENTS
STORE
E-EDITION
CORONAVIRUS
SUBMIT A
SALUTE TO WOMEN NOMINATIONS
SALUTE TO WOMEN BIO
EVENT
CLASSIFIED AD
LETTER TO THE EDITOR
GUEST COLUMN
ASK THE TH
OBITUARY
PHOTO
STORY IDEA
FIRST CITIZEN NOMINATION
RISING STAR NOMINATION
ATHLETE OF THE WEEK NOMINATION
FARM FAMILIES NOMINATION
YOUR NEIGHBORS / MAGAZINE AD
CLASSIFIEDS
ALL CLASSIFIEDS
Your Neighbors
Public Notices
AccessDubuqueJobs.com
GoFindMyCar.com
GoFindMyHome.com
Property For Sale By Owner
Property for Rent
WEATHER
CARRIERS
LOGIN
LOG OUT
SUBSCRIBE
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
ADVERTISING
Advertise with Us
Join our E-mail List
Contact our Sales Staff
Today's Print Ads
Circulars
GALLERIES
Photo Gallery
Video Gallery
STORE
TH Perks
Buy Books
Buy Event Tickets
CONTACT A...
Reporter
Customer Service
Director
Frequently Asked Questions
LEGAL
Terms & Condition
Privacy Policy
Tri-State
IA-ILL-WIS
Births
Nation/World
Politics
Election 2020
Crime & Court
Business
Agriculture
Local Sports
Athlete of the Week
More than the Score
Fighting Saints
Prep Sports
College Sports
Professional Sports
Features
Ask Amy
The Mouth
Events
TH Talks Podcast
Blogs
Your Neighbors
Vacationland
Nightlife
Special Sections
Submit an Event
Recent Obituaries
Submit an Obit
Search Obits
Business News
Agriculture
Technology
BizTimes.biz
Editorials
Submit Letter to Editor
Event
Classified Ad
Letter to the Editor
Guest Column
Ask the TH
Obituary
Photo
Story Idea
First Citizen Nomination
Rising Star Nomination
Farm Families Nomination
Athlete of the Week Nomination
Special Section Ad
ALL CLASSIFIEDS
Your Neighbors
Public Notices
AccessDubuqueJobs.com
GoFindMyCar.com
GoFindMyHome.com
Property For Sale By Owner
Property for Rent
CONTACT US:
News Room
563-588-5663
Circulation/Delivery
563-588-5620
Advertising
563-588-5611
SOCIAL:
BREAKING NEWS
Manufacturer eyes Dubuque for $80 million project, 271 new jobs
Read Story
LOCAL CANCELLATIONS & DELAYS
Privacy Policy THonline.com and AccessDubuque.com are web sites owned and operated by the Telegraph Herald, a daily newspaper in Dubuque, Iowa. The Telegraph Herald has adopted a set of information management guidelines which serve as the basis for our customer and advertiser relationships on our web sites. These guidelines have been developed with the recognition that Internet technologies are rapidly evolving, and that underlying business models are still not established. Accordingly, guidelines are subject to change. Any such changes will be posted on this page. If the changes represent a material departure from our current practices with respect to the use of personal information, the changes will be posted on this page thirty days prior to taking effect and registered users will be notified via e-mail. The Telegraph Herald is not responsible for the content or the privacy policies of web sites to which we may link.What information does the Telegraph Herald gather/track about you?Registration: During a free registration process prior to using certain features, we require that you supply a unique subscriber ID, e-mail address, and demographic information (zip code, year of birth, gender, home phone number are required). Subscribers must agree to our terms of service. On occasion, the Telegraph Herald also collects additional personal information from subscribers in connection with optional contests, surveys, or special offers.Telegraph Herald Archives: THonline.com uses NewsLibrary, a third-party vendor, for you to request paid access to Telegraph Herald Archives. NewsLibrary collects and stores a visitor's credit card information to bill the subscriber for these optional services. By purchasing in our Archives area, you agree that the Telegraph Herald may store information you provide as part of the NewsLibrary registration process.IP Addresses: The Telegraph Herald also logs IP addresses, or the location of your computer on the Internet, for systems administration and troubleshooting purposes. We do not use IP address logs to track your session or your behavior on our site.Cookies: The Telegraph Herald uses cookies to store your log-in information and to learn about how you use THonline.com/AccessDubuque.com services in order to improve the quality of our services.What does the Telegraph Herald do with the information it gathers/tracks?Statistical Analysis and Banner Advertising: The Telegraph Herald may perform statistical analyses of user behavior in order to measure interest in the various areas of our sites (for product development purposes) and to inform advertisers as to how many consumers have seen or "clicked" their advertising banners. the Telegraph Herald also uses demographic and preference information to allow advertising banners on our web site to be targeted, in aggregate, to the readers for whom they are most pertinent. This means that readers see advertising that is most likely to interest them, and advertisers send their messages to people who are most likely to be receptive, improving both the viewer's experience and the effectiveness of the ads. In this statistical analyses and banner advertisement targeting, we will disclose information to third parties only in aggregate form. Personal information about you as an individual subscriber will not be provided to any third party without your consent.E-mail: Using the e-mail addresses provided at registration, the Telegraph Herald periodically sends promotional e-mail to its subscribers about services offered by the Telegraph Herald and its advertisers. Users must opt in to receive these promotional messages, and can opt out at any time. The Telegraph Herald may also contact you regarding account status, changes to the subscriber agreement, and to confirm registration. Registered users can not opt out of these messages, but user accounts can be deleted upon request, thereby terminating the registration. At no time does the Telegraph Herald share the e-mail addresses or other personal data of registered users with third parties, except under the circumstances described in Compliance with Legal Process below.The E-mail This Story feature is an easy way for the Telegraph Herald readers to send articles through e-mail. The e-mail addresses that you supply to use this service will not be used for any other purpose without your consent. the Telegraph Herald will not sell, share or disclose your e-mail address to any third party. We use e-mail links located throughout the site to allow you to contact us directly with any questions or comments you may have. We will use your e-mail address to respond directly to these questions or comments.Data Security: To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures in a good-faith effort to protect the information we collect online. Due to fast paced changes in technology, however, the Telegraph Herald is unable to guarantee security. You should notify us immediately if you have reason to believe there has been a breach in security. Visit www.newslibrary.com for information about the security procedures used to protect your credit card information submitted for Archives purchases.With whom does the Telegraph Herald share the information it gathers/tracks?The Telegraph Herald shares the information it gathers, in aggregate form, with advertisers and other partners. We will not release personal information about you as an individual to third parties, except under the circumstances described in Compliance with Legal Process below. The Telegraph Herald will provide you all of your personal information provided at registration upon request. This information will only be sent to the e-mail address on file for the subscriber ID associated with it.Compliance with Legal ProcessWe may disclose personal information if we are required to do so by law or we in good faith believe that such action is necessary to (1) comply with the law or with legal process; (2) protect and defend our rights and property; (3) protect against misuse or unauthorized use of the Telegraph Herald web sites; or (4) protect the personal safety or property of our users or the public (among other things, this means that if you provide false information or attempt to pose as someone else, information about you may be disclosed as part of any investigation into your actions).Opting-Out, Corrections and CancellationsUpon request, the Telegraph Herald will a) Remove you and your personal information, from our active registration database, thereby terminating your registration (please note that we may retain certain information associated with your account for analytical purposes as well as for recordkeeping integrity); b) Correct personal information that you state is erroneous; or c) Permit you to "opt out" of further e-mail contact (excepting notification of major changes to the service) while still allowing access to the site. To opt out of all e-mails go to http://www.thonline.com/remove.cfm.For more information, contact our webmaster at admin@accessdubuque.com.
close
close