http://www.bingobugle.ca/terms-and-conditions/
Terms And Conditions - Bingo Bugle
Home
About Us
Terms And Conditions
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Terms And Conditions
Welcome to Bingo Bugle!
These terms and conditions outline the rules and regulations for the use of Bingo Bugle’s Website, located at http://www.bingobugle.ca.
By accessing this website we assume you accept these terms and conditions. Do not continue to use Bingo Bugle if you do not agree to take all of the terms and conditions stated on this page.
The following terminology applies to these Terms and Conditions, Privacy Statement and Disclaimer Notice and all Agreements: “Client”, “You” and “Your” refers to you, the person log on this website and compliant to the Company’s terms and conditions. “The Company”, “Ourselves”, “We”, “Our” and “Us”, refers to our Company. “Party”, “Parties”, or “Us”, refers to both the Client and ourselves. All terms refer to the offer, acceptance and consideration of payment necessary to undertake the process of our assistance to the Client in the most appropriate manner for the express purpose of meeting the Client’s needs in respect of provision of the Company’s stated services, in accordance with and subject to, prevailing law of Netherlands. Any use of the above terminology or other words in the singular, plural, capitalization and/or he/she or they, are taken as interchangeable and therefore as referring to same.
Cookies
We employ the use of cookies. By accessing Bingo Bugle, you agreed to use cookies in agreement with the Bingo Bugle’s Privacy Policy.
Most interactive websites use cookies to let us retrieve the user’s details for each visit. Cookies are used by our website to enable the functionality of certain areas to make it easier for people visiting our website. Some of our affiliate/advertising partners may also use cookies.
License
Unless otherwise stated, Bingo Bugle and/or its licensors own the intellectual property rights for all material on Bingo Bugle. All intellectual property rights are reserved. You may access this from Bingo Bugle for your own personal use subjected to restrictions set in these terms and conditions.
You must not:
Republish material from Bingo Bugle
Sell, rent or sub-license material from Bingo Bugle
Reproduce, duplicate or copy material from Bingo Bugle
Redistribute content from Bingo Bugle
This Agreement shall begin on the date hereof.
Parts of this website offer an opportunity for users to post and exchange opinions and information in certain areas of the website. Bingo Bugle does not filter, edit, publish or review Comments prior to their presence on the website. Comments do not reflect the views and opinions of Bingo Bugle,its agents and/or affiliates. Comments reflect the views and opinions of the person who post their views and opinions. To the extent permitted by applicable laws, Bingo Bugle shall not be liable for the Comments or for any liability, damages or expenses caused and/or suffered as a result of any use of and/or posting of and/or appearance of the Comments on this website.
Bingo Bugle reserves the right to monitor all Comments and to remove any Comments which can be considered inappropriate, offensive or causes breach of these Terms and Conditions.
You warrant and represent that:
You are entitled to post the Comments on our website and have all necessary licenses and consents to do so;
The Comments do not invade any intellectual property right, including without limitation copyright, patent or trademark of any third party;
The Comments do not contain any defamatory, libelous, offensive, indecent or otherwise unlawful material which is an invasion of privacy
The Comments will not be used to solicit or promote business or custom or present commercial activities or unlawful activity.
You hereby grant Bingo Bugle a non-exclusive license to use, reproduce, edit and authorize others to use, reproduce and edit any of your Comments in any and all forms, formats or media.
Hyperlinking to our Content
The following organizations may link to our Website without prior written approval:
Government agencies;
Search engines;
News organizations;
Online directory distributors may link to our Website in the same manner as they hyperlink to the Websites of other listed businesses; and
System wide Accredited Businesses except soliciting non-profit organizations, charity shopping malls, and charity fundraising groups which may not hyperlink to our Web site.
These organizations may link to our home page, to publications or to other Website information so long as the link: (a) is not in any way deceptive; (b) does not falsely imply sponsorship, endorsement or approval of the linking party and its products and/or services; and (c) fits within the context of the linking party’s site.
We may consider and approve other link requests from the following types of organizations:
commonly-known consumer and/or business information sources;
dot.com community sites;
associations or other groups representing charities;
online directory distributors;
internet portals;
accounting, law and consulting firms; and
educational institutions and trade associations.
We will approve link requests from these organizations if we decide that: (a) the link would not make us look unfavorably to ourselves or to our accredited businesses; (b) the organization does not have any negative records with us; (c) the benefit to us from the visibility of the hyperlink compensates the absence of Bingo Bugle; and (d) the link is in the context of general resource information.
These organizations may link to our home page so long as the link: (a) is not in any way deceptive; (b) does not falsely imply sponsorship, endorsement or approval of the linking party and its products or services; and (c) fits within the context of the linking party’s site.
If you are one of the organizations listed in paragraph 2 above and are interested in linking to our website, you must inform us by sending an e-mail to Bingo Bugle. Please include your name, your organization name, contact information as well as the URL of your site, a list of any URLs from which you intend to link to our Website, and a list of the URLs on our site to which you would like to link. Wait 2-3 weeks for a response.
Approved organizations may hyperlink to our Website as follows:
By use of our corporate name; or
By use of the uniform resource locator being linked to; or
By use of any other description of our Website being linked to that makes sense within the context and format of content on the linking party’s site.
No use of Bingo Bugle’s logo or other artwork will be allowed for linking absent a trademark license agreement.
iFrames
Without prior approval and written permission, you may not create frames around our Webpages that alter in any way the visual presentation or appearance of our Website.
Content Liability
We shall not be hold responsible for any content that appears on your Website. You agree to protect and defend us against all claims that is rising on your Website. No link(s) should appear on any Website that may be interpreted as libelous, obscene or criminal, or which infringes, otherwise violates, or advocates the infringement or other violation of, any third party rights.
Reservation of Rights
We reserve the right to request that you remove all links or any particular link to our Website. You approve to immediately remove all links to our Website upon request. We also reserve the right to amen these terms and conditions and it’s linking policy at any time. By continuously linking to our Website, you agree to be bound to and follow these linking terms and conditions.
Removal of links from our website
If you find any link on our Website that is offensive for any reason, you are free to contact and inform us any moment. We will consider requests to remove links but we are not obligated to or so or to respond to you directly.
We do not ensure that the information on this website is correct, we do not warrant its completeness or accuracy; nor do we promise to ensure that the website remains available or that the material on the website is kept up to date.
Disclaimer
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we exclude all representations, warranties and conditions relating to our website and the use of this website. Nothing in this disclaimer will:
limit or exclude our or your liability for death or personal injury;
limit or exclude our or your liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation;
limit any of our or your liabilities in any way that is not permitted under applicable law; or
exclude any of our or your liabilities that may not be excluded under applicable law.
The limitations and prohibitions of liability set in this Section and elsewhere in this disclaimer: (a) are subject to the preceding paragraph; and (b) govern all liabilities arising under the disclaimer, including liabilities arising in contract, in tort and for breach of statutory duty.
As long as the website and the information and services on the website are provided free of charge, we will not be liable for any loss or damage of any nature.
Recent Posts
Benefits and Uses of CBD Oil
Important Things to Know about Landscaping
Advantages of Retaining Wall System Installation in Your Landscape
Considerations to Make When Hiring a Speech Therapist
WAYS IN MAKING YOUR HOME SMELLING GOOD AND FRESH
Search for:
Bingo BugleBenefits and Uses of CBD Oil  August 19, 2020While an effort to back up health keeps on growing, so too does the study on the benefits and therapeutic effects of CBD or cannabidiol. Most of such research concentrates on the manner CBD oil cooperates with the endocannabinoid system—an extensive network of CBD receptors covering several parts of the body such as the immune cells, glands, connective […] secure_adminImportant Things to Know about Landscaping  July 27, 2020In the world that we are living in, all of the people are very busy doing the things that they need to do such as work and the things that they enjoy just like going out with friends and family members. Doing anything is very difficult to insert in the schedules of people but landscaping […] secure_adminAdvantages of Retaining Wall System Installation in Your Landscape December 21, 2018If your landscape features sharp slope changes, a retaining wall system is an aspect worth integrating. Aside from giving vital structural support to huge amount of soil, a thoughtfully patterned retaining wall system can be a very attractive center of attraction for your yard. A retaining wall system also has a lot of other advantages […] secure_adminConsiderations to Make When Hiring a Speech Therapist  October 17, 2018There are many benefits a speech therapist has to offer. They are the ones we think of when we have problems in communicating verbally. However, that isn’t the only job they have in their arsenal. They help cleft palate clients, clients who have problems in swallowing, clients who needs to communicate non-verbally. Check out the […] secure_adminWAYS IN MAKING YOUR HOME SMELLING GOOD AND FRESH  October 2, 2018It is very nice to live in a place where you can inhale the fresh air and even the smell of flowers. It is quite impossible to have this experience if you are living to a place or surrounding that has a lot of trash cans and trash bins or you are very near to […] secure_admin Categories
affordable retaining walls
HOME SMELLING
Lawn Care
Speech Therapist
Uncategorized
Designed by
Elegant Themes