https://www.hdmediaventures.com/network/privacy
Home
Terms of Service
Copyright & Trademark Statement
Privacy
Global Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit, interact with or make a transaction from any of the Web properties we own and operate (“Site” or “Sites”).
Personal information we collect
When you visit a Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse a Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as “Device Information.”
We collect Device Information using the following technologies:
“Cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org or https://cookiesandyou.com/.
“Log files” track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring and exit pages, and date/time stamps.
“Web beacons,” “tags” and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site.
Additionally when you sign up for newsletters or submit other personal information on the Site, we collect certain information from you, including your name, billing address, shipping address, payment information, email address and phone number. We refer to this information as “Interaction Information.”
When we talk about “Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy, we are talking both about Device Information and Interaction Information.
How do we use your Personal Information?
We use the Personal Information that we collect generally to fulfill any requests placed through the Site.
Additionally, we use this Personal Information to:
Communicate with you;
Track your use of the Site;
Provide you with information you request via our Sites;
Screen for potential risk or fraud; and
When in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services.
These practices are considered legitimate business interests.
We use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the Site, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).
Sharing your Personal Information
We share your Personal Information with third parties to help us use your Personal Information, as described above. We also use a variety of services to help us understand how our customers use the Site and track their usage of the Site.
We do not share your Personal Information, specifically your email address, with third parties.
We may use your Personal Information to send or display marketing information on behalf of third parties, but we do not provide them with direct access to your Personal Information. Please note that, in many cases, if you interact with this type of marketing information, you may provide your Personal Information to the third party, but this interaction is between you and the third party.
We may also aggregate or share your Personal Information across Web properties we own, operate or provide services to.
You can read more about how certain services we use utilize your Personal Information and, if applicable, also opt-out of specific tracking using these links, or, for services not listed, contacting the service provider:
Google: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/.
Google Analytics: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Inspectlet: https://www.inspectlet.com/optout
HubSpot: https://legal.hubspot.com/privacy-policy
Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.
Behavioral advertising and targeting
As described above, we use your Personal Information to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you. For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s (“NAI”) educational page at http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work.
You can opt out of targeted advertising by visiting the following links:
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads
Google: https://www.google.com/settings/ads/anonymous
Bing: https://advertise.bingads.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/policies/personalized-ads
Additionally, you can opt out of some of these services by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out portal at: http://optout.aboutads.info/.
Do not track
Please note that we do not alter our Site’s data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.
Data anonymization and masking
Whenever practical, we use technology to anonymize, pseudoanonymize or mask your use of our Sites. Specifically, we use a technique called “IP masking” for analytics tracking. However, if you provide us with Personal Information, namely your email address, we may gather and store more detailed, non-analytical data, but this is done in order to fulfill contracts we have with you, or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed in this policy.
Your EU/EEA rights
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.
Please be aware, however, that aggregate, anonymized, pseudoanonymized or masked information general cannot be provided, altered or deleted because we have no way to identify whose information it is.
Additionally, if you are a European Economic Area resident please note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States, and you consent to this practice.
At this time, if you do not wish your data to be transferred outside of Europe, you are unable to continue using our Sites.
In particular we process your personal data to pursue the following legitimate interests, for ourselves, partners or other third parties:
To provide our services and content;
To detect and prevent risk and fraud;
To provide communications, marketing and advertising;
To provide reporting and analytics;
To provide troubleshooting, support services, or to answer questions;
To test features or additional services; and
To improve our services, applications and Site
Data retention
When you interact through a Site, we will maintain your Personal Information, Device Information or Interaction Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information. Aggregated, anonymized information may still be retained as allowed under law.
Minors
The Site is not intended for individuals under the age of 13.
Changes
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
Contact us
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by email at privacy@hdmediaventures.com or by mail at PO Box 300547, St Louis, MO, 63130, United States.