http://www.newser.com/story/296638/new-bill-limits-scotus-terms-to-18-years.html
X
Breaking News
More Politics Stories»
Texas Suit Signs Up More Than 100 House Republicans
Biden Blames Party Losses on 'Defund the Police'
Skeptic Lays Out 3 Reasons Why Trump 2024 Is Doomed
Trump, Limbaugh Warn of Trouble Ahead
Biden Giving Big Role to a Familiar Face
For Feinstein, a Painful 'Groundhog Day' Over Age
17 Republican AGs Support Longshot Election Lawsuit
Here's What Hunter Biden Probe Is Focusing On
House Passes Bill to Avert Government Shutdown
Senator Won't Rule Out Challenging Electoral College Vote
Hunter Biden Says He Is Facing Federal Investigation
Giuliani Updates the World on His COVID Treatment
Politics
/
Supreme Court
New Bill Limits SCOTUS Terms to 18 Years
Democrats plan to introduce it next week
By
Rob Quinn,
Newser Staff
Posted Sep 25, 2020
9:37 AM CDT
Copied
A Supreme Court Honor Guard moves the flag-draped casket of Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg back into the court
on Thursday, Sept. 24 2020.   (AP Photo/Andrew Harnik, Pool)
View 1 more image
(Newser)
–
Under a bill House Democrats are preparing, Ruth Bader Ginsburg would have had to retire in 2011—and William O. Douglas, the longest-serving justice in Supreme Court history, would have stepped down in 1957 instead of 1975. The bill, which Democrats plan to introduce next week, limits the terms of Supreme Court justices to 18 years. It excludes those currently on the court, who were appointed to lifetime terms, Reuters reports. Democratic Rep. Ro Khanna says it "would save the country a lot of agony and help lower the temperature over fights for the court that go to the fault lines of cultural issues." Recent polls have shown large majorities in favor of introducing term limits, which are already required on the Supreme Courts of every state except Rhode Island.
story continues below
The bill would allow each president to nominate two justices per four-year term. After their terms expired, justice would became "senior" and would be allowed to return to service on lower courts, as numerous former SCOTUS justices have done, including David Souter. This would allow term limits to be introduced without changing the Constitution, writes Gabe Roth In a USA Today op-ed. Roth is executive director of the nonpartisan Fix the Court group. While Democrats probably won't be able to stop President Trump nominating a replacement for Ginsburg, "they can join with their conservative colleagues who have long embraced the concept of term limits and ensure that never again will a superannuated bench determine the direction of our country," he writes.
(Read more Supreme Court stories.)
View 1 more image
399 comments
All storiesNext Story
My Take on This Story
Report a story error
Show results  |
3%
Hilarious
14%
Intriguing
2%
Depressing
49%
Brilliant
1%
Scary
31%
Ridiculous
To report an error on this story,
notify our editors
Popular on Newser
Trump, Limbaugh Warn of Trouble Ahead
1
University Officials Reveal Bombshell About Johns Hopkins
2
Ellen Suspends Show
3
Report: Chipotle Workers Stomped on Dozens of Rats
4
'This Is the Worst Moment of the Pandemic So Far'
5
On This Day:
December 10
10 Years of Headlines
Trending Now
Email This Story
Message (up to 1000 characters)
Check out this story on Newser.
Please complete reCaptcha
Report an Error
Type of error...
Typo
Factual Error
Incorrect Photo
Other
Send to Editors
Newser In Your Inbox
Get The Morning 8: The eight stories you need to know, bright and early.
View all Newsletters and sign up
Get our apps
Install our app
iPhone
iPad
Android
Newser App
Suggest a Story
Settings
Contact
About
Terms
Privacy
© 2020 Newser, LLC. All rights reserved.
We see that you're using an ad-blocker.
To read our stories, you'll need to
turn off your ad-blocker.
As an advertising-supported site,
Newser can't exist without ads.
Turn off your ad-blocker
(for Newser only)
One last step.
You have to do this part yourself.
But you're a smartie, and we'll help you out.
1. Click on your ad-blocker icon in your browser.
(It might look like this
or this
or this
)
2. Every ad-blocker is a bit different, but look for
an option like disable, whitelist, or trust and click it.
Thanks so much.
We use cookies. By Clicking "OK" or any content on this site, you agree to allow cookies to be placed. Read more in our privacy policy.
OK
Get the news faster.
Tap to install our app.
Access Newser even faster.Click here to install our app on your desktop.
X