http://www.freep.com/story/money/business/michigan/2020/09/25/unemployed-auto-industry-exec-helps-people-find-jobs/3518346001/
Laid-off Detroit executive found new calling during pandemicPhoebe Wall HowardDetroit Free PressView Comments Rex Roy lost his job at age 57 and didn't panic.Instead, he decided to focus on helping others find work."I've been part of Detroit's economic community forever," Roy said. "I grew up in it. I've been downsized before; this is actually my third time I've been let go. Getting laid off is terrible. Having to look for work is even worse."So, in trying to figure out how to help himself, he came up with a solution that's helping others — in Michigan, throughout the U.S. and even Europe. But we'll get there in a minute. Rex Roy left his role as vice president and creative director at Jack Morton Worldwide, an agency known for event sponsorship and experiential marketing. He worked with millions of dollars in clients, including the Detroit auto show, the Woodward Dream Cruise, NASCAR, Detroit Grand Prix and General Motors. He did everything from writing content to producing videos.In March, he went home to quarantine like everyone else. Then he was furloughed, like a lot of people in Detroit and nationally. When Roy was finally called, he thought to return to work, he got a pink slip.When Michigan and the rest of the country closed up, only to emerge in a new, masked and socially distanced world, Roy saw projects dry up. "When COVID hit and shut down events, the company didn't have any other work for me," Roy said. "I was let go with dozens of other really talented people."Seconds matterDespite the stress of job loss, he realized that he had been on his own before — having worked eight years as a freelance automotive writer for the New York Times, Popular Mechanics and autoblog.com, to name a few. "I pitched stories, I sold stories and I delivered stories," Roy said. "I know how to get work done that gets the bills paid. Any work is good work if you've got to pay the bills."This transition now, he figured, would be a little different but he wanted to think bigger.How do you tell a life story in a few seconds?How do you capture attention in this world of 24/7 demands?Roy brainstormed with friends, including art directors who needed work, and realized that the brutal job environment demanded a new approach to submitting resumes. Then he came up with the idea: mycareersnapshot.com.He doesn't know whether it'll be a wild success or not, since the venture just launched in early August. It's hard to find anything comparable. The innovative approach to presenting resume data is uncharted territory."There are graphic resumes available," Roy said. "I am the only one who produces career info graphics commercially."Roy takes the highlights of a person's life and career and creates a one page visual illustration that tells it all in a few words, with lots of pictures and numbers. He works with artists to build the "snapshot." He posted his first one, his own, on the professional social media site LinkedIn and triggered an immediate response.Then Roy set up the website and an account, setting a price point at $125 with a promise to deliver in three to five days a one page supplement to a resume. His website is buzzing with positive feedback on the idea.Cars vs. TigersHis personal history may help explain his passion.This was a little boy who didn't follow Detroit Tigers baseball or Detroit Lions football. He followed cars. His father, a successful car salesman who evolved into an iconic global ad agency executive, founded Ross Roy in Detroit in 1926."My dad would bring home a new car and I'd spend hours sitting in that car learning the features, reading the owner's manual at 8 or 9 years old," Roy recalled. "The first one I remember is a 1969 Chrysler 300. I would've been 6 or 7 then."His father's agency was fueled by a thriving auto industry in the 1950s and 1960s, along with Campbell Ewald, BBDO and J. Walter Thompson. It was a pivotal time."The crazy mad men culture was truly a thing and Ross Roy was one of Detroit's leading mad men," Rex Roy said of his father, who was 64 when Rex was born and worked hard into his 70s.The New York Times referred to the "Detroit Ad Man" as "a pioneer in selling techniques" when Ross Roy died in 1983 at age 85."My dad worked and worked and worked," Roy said. "I used to go with him to the office down on East Jefferson on lots of Saturdays. He's at work three-quarters of the day and it was a wonderland, a five-story building filled with interesting people."The young boy had a job at his father's agency during the summer by age 14, seasoned by age 16 in creating vehicle spec sheets and doing product analysis. He did a big project comparing the Dodge Aspen and Plymouth Volare against the "new" Chevy Citation (1980) — work that would be used for industry training and advertising.Now, Roy is directing the love and gratitude he developed in downtown Detroit all those years ago toward people who are struggling.He has heard from new clients looking for jobs in public relations, design and hospitality. The career snapshot is meant to attract attention of potential hiring managers and supplement traditional resume materials. Just enough, Roy said, "to hook 'em."He is waiting to hear from a woman in Gilbraltar, "not Downriver, we're talking the United Kingdom," Roy said. "She gave me the what-for because I didn't take PayPal. Honestly, she ended up liking my online (payment) process."1,000 resumesDerrick Bollin, 31, a senior director and general manager of 24 Seven Talent, a staffing agency based in New York, recently relocated from Detroit to Denver for work and said the job market is "tough" right now."It's definitely not the best time to be looking for a job," he said, praising the "nex gig" illustration that Roy's company provided him as a powerful supplement to the traditional resume. These days, resumes get filtered by algorithms and bots and applicant tracking systems. Candidates are flagged based on key words and job titles."People review resumes in 10 seconds. If you can bring your resume to life, this is a great thing to consider," Bollin said. "If a company has 1,000 resumes in a folder, there are shortcuts to bring the most relevant people to the top. But when you get to the interview stage, this helps highlight skills in a more engaging way."Nick Janeczko, 29, is an art director and graphic designer from Dearborn who's working with Roy to create these "here's everything, right now" career highlights for clients. "I see posts and emails from LinkedIn, Glassdoor, Indeed ... every day and I know I'm one of hundreds of qualified candidates, all applying at the same time. If it were me doing the hiring, I'd prefer to see a snapshot over the hundreds of copy and pasted, redundant cover letters we've skimmed all too often," Janeczko said. "It's a new tool to stand out with, and standing out is sometimes the only way in."Freelance work for Roy, for now, keeps Janeczko busy and helps pay bills, he said. "Time will tell for full-time employment, I imagine project scope and budgets will be reassessed for a fresh start for everyone in 2021."Lalita Chemello, 32, of Vicksburg, Michigan, was the first customer to place an order with mycareersnapshot.com. The former writer and editor was laid off as a result of business changes created by COVID-19."Right now, I just need a job," she said, noting the career snapshot has beefed up her resume package. Meanwhile, Chemello has stepped outside her comfort zone to work in a new field while she applies for other jobs."You do what you have to do to be able to pay your bills. The job market is crazy competitive because of all the insanity over the last six months," she said.For now, Chemello said, she's working as a phlebotomist. "It's not what I was expecting to get into but you've got to do something if you don't have the means to make it work without a job. Maybe you can't get back into the career path that you've been working for for years, which will be crushing."Still, she said, she really likes what she's doing. "With all that's happening, you might discover one thing you love even more."Jessica Sweet, 44, is a career coach in Natick, Massachusetts, who advises clients nationally to be creative and strategic when applying for jobs."I do think hiring managers are definitely overwhelmed," she said. "The visual representation and speed which people can gather information really sets things apart."More:FCA mechanic is quietly transforming muscle cars in unmarked garage in Macomb Co.More:Michigan car concierge's quiet business is now getting calls from around the countryMore:After seeing son in pain, Ford engineer launched business — and everything changedRoy, who grew up in Grosse Pointe Shores and now lives in Grosse Pointe Farms, said he'll be OK but he worries about others. "I owe what I have to a previous generation — guys who taught me how to write, how to shoot photos. ... Every skill I have now I learned when I was a teenager," he said. "I do hope the career snapshot actually helps people. It's not anything that's going to make my retirement any faster, especially now that I've been out of work for six months."Job hunting leaves people feeling unmoored, he said. "I know everybody hates being in this position. Everybody wants a little control. You want something to prove to yourself that you're doing everything you can to get back to work. And I want to help other people who are in the same boat as me."More:Ford wants to cut 1,400 salaried jobs in U.S.: Who is targetedMore:Millionaire who loves Flint refuses to leave hometown, makes dreams come trueMore:Michigan boy doesn't have a driver's license — but hits racetrack at 80 mphContact Phoebe Wall Howard: 313-222-6512 orphoward@freepress.com.Follow her on Twitter@phoebesaid. View Comments