http://www.theglobeandmail.com/business/article-restaurants-seek-help-in-throne-speech-amid-forecast-that-60-per-cent/
Skip to main content
Search
Search
Quick links
Horoscopes
Puzzles
Member Benefits
Newsletters
Globe Shop
Investigations
Death Notices (Legacy.com)
Reader services
Subscribe
Following
Subscriptions
Settings
Customer Help
Contact us
Log in
Log out
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Josh O’Kane
Published September 18, 2020
Updated September 18, 2020
Comments
Share
Text Size
Bookmark
Please log in to listen to this story. Also available in French and Mandarin.
Log In
Create Free Account
Getting audio file ... Audio for this article is not available at this time.
This translation has been automatically generated and has not been verified for accuracy. Full Disclaimer
More than 1,200 restaurants have banded together to ask Ottawa for more robust and long-term pandemic programs, including wage subsidies and rent relief, in next Wednesday’s Speech from the Throne, as they repeat a warning that three in five Canadian restaurants could close for good this fall. A group of restaurateurs operating under the banner Save Hospitality joined with the Canadian Chamber of Commerce on Friday to alert the federal government that existing relief programs won’t be sufficient to save the industry as patio season comes to a close amid the threat of new lockdowns. Storefront businesses such as restaurants and bars were among the first to see revenue collapse in the initial wave of pandemic lockdowns, and Main Streets across the country are dotted with “For Lease” signs as a result. Though the Canadian Chamber of Commerce has previously warned that as many as 60 per cent of restaurants could fail this fall, they see the Throne Speech as an opportunity to prevent such a worst-case scenario.
Story continues below advertisement
“We’re looking at a problem that isn’t way down the road. It’s a problem that’s imminent,” said Perrin Beatty, the Chamber’s president, in an interview. “As Canada moves into the fall, patios are going to start looking pretty unattractive. When you survey the restaurants themselves, they say without support, and the need to maintain social distancing, they simply don’t have the numbers to be able to survive.” Sectors that depend on in-person gatherings have been warning for months of impending collapse due to pandemic restrictions, and business groups have been increasingly raising their voices ahead of Wednesday’s Throne Speech. The federal government has signalled that it will use the opportunity to shift from emergency supports to long-term recovery.
“If you’re going to restrict our ability to make money, please support us,” said Andrew Oliver, one of the organizers of Save Hospitality and president of the Oliver & Bonacini hospitality group. The Canada Emergency Wage Subsidy first covered 75 per cent of an organization’s wages if it experienced a 30-per-cent revenue decline due to the pandemic, but Ottawa announced changes midsummer that offers tiered support to businesses depending on the extent of revenue loss. Meanwhile, fewer Canadian workers have been supported by the program in each successive application period since June. The restaurant-industry push comes a day after a coalition of tourism, hospitality and live-event groups made a similar request to Ottawa to extend the federal wage subsidy through next spring while guaranteeing 75-per-cent wage coverage for businesses whose revenues fall 50 per cent or more. The federal-provincial rent-relief program, meanwhile, has become one of Ottawa’s most widely criticized pandemic supports. The Canada Emergency Commercial Rent Assistance program offers landlords of small businesses forgivable loans worth 50 per cent of tenants' rent, as long as the tenant pays a quarter and the landlord absorbs a loss for the remaining quarter. But small businesses across the country have warned that the program does not work for them because it requires landlords to apply, leaving many feeling powerless. Finance Minister Chrystia Freeland and Small Business Minister Mary Ng said this month that they will wind down the rent-relief program soon as they review options for overhauling it.
Story continues below advertisement
The Chamber of Commerce arrived at the 60-per-cent restaurant failure forecast using Statistics Canada’s most recent Canadian Survey on Business Conditions, which the Chamber supported, and was published in late August. It found that 29 per cent of food-service businesses could not operate at all under physical-distancing restrictions, and that 31 per cent would only survive three months under such conditions – and thus would collapse without sufficient support measures.
Coronavirus information The Zero Canada Project provides resources to help you manage your health, your finances and your family life as Canada reopens.
Visit the hub
Your Globe
Build your personal news feed Hide info
Follow topics and authors relevant to your reading interests. Check your Following feed daily, and never miss an article. Access your Following feed from your account menu at the top right corner of every page.
Follow the author of this article:
Josh O’Kane
Follow
Follow topics related to this article:
Coronavirus
Follow
Government
Follow
Hospitality industry
Follow
Small business
Follow
Speech from the throne
Follow
View more suggestions in Following Read more about following topics and authors
Follow Josh O’Kane on Twitter
@joshokane
Report an error
Editorial code of conduct
Due to technical reasons, we have temporarily removed commenting from our articles. We hope to have this fixed soon. Thank you for your patience. If you are looking to give feedback on our new site, please send it along to feedback@globeandmail.com. If you want to write a letter to the editor, please forward to letters@globeandmail.com.
Comments
Show comments
Welcome to The Globe and Mail’s comment community. This is a space where subscribers can engage with each other and Globe staff. Non-subscribers can read and sort comments but will not be able to engage with them in any way. Click here to subscribe. If you would like to write a letter to the editor, please forward it to letters@globeandmail.com. Readers can also interact with The Globe on Facebook and Twitter .
Log in
Subscribe to comment
Why do I need to subscribe?
Welcome to The Globe and Mail’s comment community. This is a space where subscribers can engage with each other and Globe staff. Non-subscribers can read and sort comments but will not be able to engage with them in any way. Click here to subscribe. If you would like to write a letter to the editor, please forward it to letters@globeandmail.com. Readers can also interact with The Globe on Facebook and Twitter .
I'm a print subscriber, link to my account
Subscribe to comment
Why do I need to subscribe?
Welcome to The Globe and Mail’s comment community. This is a space where subscribers can engage with each other and Globe staff. We aim to create a safe and valuable space for discussion and debate. That means:
Treat others as you wish to be treated Criticize ideas, not people Stay on topic Avoid the use of toxic and offensive language Flag bad behaviour
Comments that violate our community guidelines will be removed. Read our community guidelines here
Discussion loading ...
Read most recent letters to the editor.
To view this site properly, enable cookies in your browser. Read our privacy policy to learn more.
How to enable cookies