https://www.illinoispress.org/privacy.aspx
Home
Thursday, December 10, 2020
Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
The Illinois Press Association (IPA) is committed to protecting your privacy. This Statement of Privacy applies to the www.illinoispress.org (Website) and governs data collection and usage. By using this website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
The Website may collect personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by the Website. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, access times and referring web site addresses. This information is used by IPA for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Website.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through the Website, this information may be collected and used by IPA.
Use of your Personal Information
IPA collects and uses your personal information to operate the Website.
IPA does not rent or lease your personal identity information.
Use of Cookies
The Website may use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you. One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you register with the Website, a cookie helps the Website recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as newspaper and circulation.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Website services.
Changes to this Statement
IPA will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer. IPA encourages you to periodically review this statement to be informed of IPA is protecting your information.
Contact Information
If you believe that IPA has not adhered to this statement, please contact IPA at 217-241-1300.