https://www.befrugal.com/help/privacypolicy
Skip to banner
Skip to main navigation
Member Login  Join Now
Welcome back! This email address already exists. Please log in below.
Enter your email address
Password
Forgot Password?
or
Continue with Google
Continue with Facebook
Continue with Apple
Not a member?
Join Now
×
Already a Member?
Log in here
Enter your email address
or
Continue with Google
Continue with Facebook
Continue with Apple
Receive exclusive coupons and deals newsletter
$10 bonus payable when you earn $10 in Cash Back. Terms
By joining, you agree to the BeFrugal Terms & Privacy Policy
×
×
Member Login
Join
for FREE and get
Cash Back on your
purchases.Login to
and get
Cash Back on your
purchases.
We'll even give you $10 just for joining!
Welcome back! This email address already exists. Please log in below.
Enter your email address
Password
or
Continue with Google
Continue with Facebook
Continue with Apple
Enter your email address
or
Continue with Google
Continue with Facebook
Continue with Apple
Receive exclusive coupons and deals newsletter
No thanks, just take me to the offer
By joining, you agree to the BeFrugal Terms & Privacy Policy.
$10 bonus payable when you earn $10 in Cash Back.
Congratulations, you have successfully created your BeFrugal account!
$10 Sign Up Bonus was added to your BeFrugal Account
To activate Cash Back at , please click the button below
Cash Back Activated for
Activate Cash Back & Shop Now
Complete your order and Cash Back will be credited to your BeFrugal account within 7 days.
Cash Back Terms & Exclusions
Cash Back Terms & Exclusions
×
Skip This Step
×
End User License Agreement
INDIVIDUAL END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT
READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE YOU DOWNLOAD OR INSTALL THE BEFRUGAL ADD-ON.
THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CONTAINED HEREIN CONSTITUTE A LEGAL AGREEMENT. THIS AGREEMENT (THE "AGREEMENT") CONTAINS THE ENTIRE AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND CAPITAL INTELLECT, INC. ("CAPITAL INTELLECT") WITH RESPECT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS DESCRIBED HEREIN.
BY DOWNLOADING, ACCESSING, INSTALLING OR USING THE BEFRUGAL ADD-ON (THE "SOFTWARE"), YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, DO NOT DOWNLOAD, INSTALL, ACCESS OR USE THE BEFRUGAL ADD-ON. THIS AGREEMENT CONTAINS DISCLAIMERS OF WARRANTIES AND LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY (SEE SECTIONS 6 AND 7) AND AN EXCLUSIVE REMEDY (SEE SECTIONS 6 AND 7). THESE PROVISIONS FORM AN ESSENTIAL BASIS OF OUR AGREEMENT.
BeFrugal Add-On Usage and Functionality
The BeFrugal Add-On may show cash back, coupons, and deals available at a merchant website. If you click on such offers, you may be shown the appropriate BeFrugal website page with further information on the cash back, coupons or deals. You may then click on cash back, coupons or deals to earn the cash back or discount for purchases made during that browsing session. Any cash back earned will be subject to the Terms of Service of BeFrugal and corresponding merchant affiliate programs.
The BeFrugal Add-On may cause an information bar to appear when you visit a merchant website, and may notify you that the merchant website has cash back, coupons, or deals available via the BeFrugal Add-On. If you click on the information bar, you may be taken to the merchant website. If the information bar appears, you need to click on the information bar to get the cash back indicated. Any cash back earned will be subject to the Terms of Service of BeFrugal and corresponding merchant affiliate programs. Additionally, when you visit a merchant website, the BeFrugal Add-On may offer a dropdown list of coupon or promo codes as suggestions.
If you are a BeFrugal member, when you visit certain participating merchant website(s), such as by typing in the URL or by clicking on a link (including those on a search engine results page), the BeFrugal Add-On may redirect you through an affiliate network site to the merchant website, and a tracking cookie may be placed in your browser. This cookie is used to track any transaction or purchase through the merchant website and appropriately credit your BeFrugal account with cash back.
As part of the download and installation process for the BeFrugal Add-On, you may be provided with options to reset your homepage, your default search, and your new tab page. The BeFrugal Add-On may reset your homepage, and/or reset your default search, and/or reset your new tab page to Yahoo!. The Yahoo! homepage, default search, and new tab pages are subject to the Policies and Terms of Service of Yahoo!.
During your use of the BeFrugal Add-On, we may collect certain non-identifiable data in order to help us improve the coupons and other offerings we make as part of BeFrugal, and the BeFrugal Add-On. For example, we may collect information related to coupons or coupon codes used, cash back earned, and add-on features used. This data is only used to improve add-on functionality, and is only analyzed in aggregate form, and not in personally identifiable form. We do not share or sell any of this data with any third parties, unless compelled by applicable law, or regulation.
1.
License Grant. Capital Intellect has provided this copy of its Software to you (the "Licensee") subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and Capital Intellect hereby grants to you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited right (the "License") to use the attached copy of the Software and the accompanying documentation (the "Documentation").
This License is for personal use only and in accordance with this Agreement and only in the United States and Canada.
2.
Term and Termination.
Your License is effective commencing on the date you downloaded it unless terminated earlier as set forth herein. The License will terminate automatically if you fail to comply with any of the limitations or other requirements described herein. You may terminate the License at any point by destroying all copies of the Software and the Documentation. CAPITAL INTELLECT may terminate this Agreement at any time for any reason, without notice, in its sole discretion. Upon any termination, you must destroy all copies of the Software and the Documentation.
3.
Updates. By agreeing to this license, you acknowledge that the BeFrugal Add-On includes technology that allows BeFrugal to provide updates to the software. By installing, downloading, copying, updating or otherwise implementing the BeFrugal Add-On, you specifically agree to include and accept the heretofore mentioned software and technology through which BeFrugal keeps the BeFrugal Add-On and other related programs current. This is a condition of using the BeFrugal Add-On. Note that the BeFrugal Add-On updates automatically without any additional notice to you.
4.
Ownership Rights.
The Software is protected by United States patent and copyright laws and international treaty provisions. Capital Intellect and its suppliers own and retain all right, title and interest in and to the Software, including all copyrights, patents, trade secret rights, trademarks and other intellectual property rights therein. Your possession, installation, or use of the Software does not transfer to you any title to the intellectual property in the Software, and you will not acquire any rights to the Software except the limited right to use it as expressly set forth in this Agreement.
5.
Restrictions.
You may not rent, lease, loan, resell or otherwise transfer the Software. You may not permit third parties to benefit from the use or functionality of the Software via a timesharing, service bureau or other arrangement. You may not transfer any of the rights granted to you under this Agreement. You may not reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble the Software, except to the extent the foregoing restriction is expressly prohibited by applicable law. You may not modify, or create derivative works based in whole or in part upon, the Software. You may not copy the Software or Documentation except as expressly permitted in Section 1 above, and all permitted copies must contain the same proprietary notices that appear on and in the Software and Documentation. You may not remove any proprietary notices or labels on the Software. All rights not expressly set forth hereunder are reserved by Capital Intellect. Capital Intellect reserves the right to periodically conduct audits upon advance written notice to verify compliance with the terms of this Agreement.
6.
Warranty and Disclaimer.
a. Disclaimer of Warranty. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITH "ALL FAULTS" AND "AS AVAILABLE." TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, CAPITAL INTELLECT DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, ACCURACY, AND NONINFRINGEMENT. SOME STATES AND JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. YOUR USE OF THE SOFTWARE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMIT ALL RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH THE SOFTWARE NOT WORKING AS INTENDED, OR DAMAGING ANY HARDWARE OR OTHER SOFTWARE, OR FAILURE OF THE SOFTWARE RESULTING FROM ACCIDENT, ABUSE, MISAPPLICATION, ABNORMAL USE OR A VIRUS. The foregoing provisions shall be enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law.
b. Remedy. Capital Intellect's and its affiliates' entire obligation and your exclusive remedy for any breach of the foregoing warranty shall be, at Capital Intellect's sole option, to either (a) provide you with a copy of the Software that does substantially conform to the Documentation, or (b) refund the amount you paid for the Software. Outside the United States, the replacement remedy is not available to the extent Capital Intellect is subject to restrictions under United States export control laws and regulations.
7.
Limitation of Liability.
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES OR LEGAL THEORY, WHETHER IN TORT, CONTRACT, OR OTHERWISE, SHALL CAPITAL INTELLECT OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR TO ANY OTHER PERSON FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (EVEN IF CAPITAL INTELLECT SHALL HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES), INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF GOODWILL, WORK STOPPAGE, COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES OR LOSSES OF ANY NATURE. IN NO EVENT WILL CAPITAL INTELLECT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES CAUSED TO HARDWARE OR OTHER SOFTWARE OR BY THE COMBINATION OF OUR SOFTWARE WITH ANY OTHER SOFTWARE. THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL NOT APPLY TO LIABILITY FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY TO THE EXTENT THAT APPLICABLE LAW PROHIBITS SUCH LIMITATION. CAPITAL INTELLECT INC AND ITS AFFILIATES, AND THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS AND REPRESENTATIVES' ENTIRE LIABILITY UNDER ANY PROVISION OF THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT PAID FOR THIS SOFTWARE. FURTHERMORE, SOME STATES AND JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THIS LIMITATION AND EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. YOU SHALL FILE ANY CLAIM ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR THE BEFRUGAL.COM ADD-ON WITHIN ONE (l) YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES. OTHERWISE, SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION IS PERMANENTLY BARRED. The foregoing provisions shall be enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law.
8.
United States Government.
The Software and accompanying Documentation are deemed to be "commercial computer software" and "commercial computer software documentation," respectively, pursuant to DFAR Section 227.7202 and FAR Section 12.212, as applicable. Any use, modification, reproduction, release, performance, display or disclosure of the Software and accompanying Documentation by the United States Government shall be governed solely by the terms of this Agreement and shall be prohibited except to the extent expressly permitted by the terms of this Agreement.
9.
Export Controls. Export of the Software may be subject to compliance with the rules and regulations promulgated from time to time by the Bureau of Export Administration, United States Department of Commerce, which restrict the export and re-export of certain products and technical data. If the export of the Software is controlled under such rules and regulations, then the Software shall not be exported or re-exported, directly or indirectly, (a) without all export or re-export licenses and United States or other governmental approvals required by any applicable laws, or (b) in violation of any applicable prohibition against the export or re-export of any part of the Software. Some countries have restrictions on the use of encryption within their borders, or the import or export of encryption even if for only temporary personal or business use. You acknowledge that the implementation and enforcement of these laws is not always consistent as to specific countries. Although the following countries are not an exhaustive list there may exist restrictions on the exportation to, or importation of, encryption by: Belgium, China (including Hong Kong), France, India, Indonesia, Israel, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, and South Korea. You acknowledge it is your ultimate responsibility to comply with any and all government export and other applicable laws and that Capital Intellect has no further responsibility after the initial license to you within the original country of sale.
In addition, neither the Software nor the Documentation and underlying information or technology may be downloaded or otherwise exported or re-exported (i) into (or to a national or resident of) Cuba, Iran, Iraq, Libya, North Korea, Sudan, Syria or any other country to which the United States has embargoed goods; or (ii) to anyone on the United States Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nations or the United States Commerce Department's Table of Denial Orders. By downloading or using the Software you are agreeing to the foregoing and you are certifying that you are not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any such country or on any such list.
10.
Miscellaneous. This Agreement is governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, without reference to conflict of laws principles. The application of the United Nations Convention of Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is expressly excluded. This Agreement sets forth all rights for the user of the Software and, together with the Master Agreement, is the entire agreement between Capital Intellect and the Licensee and supersedes any other prior or contemporaneous agreements or communications with respect to the Software and Documentation. This Agreement may not be modified except by a written addendum issued by a duly authorized representative of Capital Intellect. No provision hereof shall be deemed waived unless such waiver shall be in writing and signed by Capital Intellect or a duly authorized representative of Capital Intellect. If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid, the remainder of this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect. The parties confirm that it is their wish that this Agreement has been written in the English language only.
11.
Capital Intellect Customer Contact.
If you have any questions concerning these terms and conditions, or if you would like to contact Capital Intellect for any other reason, please write: Capital Intellect Inc., PO Box 51607, Boston, Massachusetts 02205.
12. Uninstall instructions
a. Uninstall Instructions for Internet Explorer on newer computers, Windows 7 / Windows VISTA:
1. Click Start button at the left bottom corner of your screen to open the Start Menu. (The start button is the round button that has Windows logo on it).
2. When the Start Menu opens, click on Computer.
3. In the opened Computer window, click on the Uninstall or Change a Program button at the top of the window. It will show the list of all programs that are currently installed on your computer.
4. In the list of software, find "BeFrugal Add-On" and click on it to highlight.
5. Press Uninstall button at the top of the window and follow the prompts to remove the program.
6. Restart Internet Explorer.
b. Uninstall Instructions for Internet Explorer on older computers, Windows XP /Windows 2000, or for newer computers with the classic view of the Start Menu:
1. Click Start at the left bottom of your screen to open your Start menu.
2. Click Control Panel (If you do not see Control Panel, click on Settings first and then on Control Panel).
3. Double-click Add/Remove Programs (or Programs and Features in newer computers).
4. Click to highlight the "BeFrugal Add-On" item in the list of software.
5. Click Add/Remove button and follow the prompts to remove the program.
6. Restart Internet Explorer.
c. Uninstall Instructions for Firefox:
1. Open Firefox's Add-ons Manager by simultaneously pressing Ctrl+ Shift + A, three keys on your keyboard.
2. In the Adds-on Manager window select Extensions tab on the left.
3. Within the Extensions tab find "BeFrugal Add-On" item and click Remove button next to it.
4. Restart Firefox.
d. Uninstall Instructions for Chrome:
1. Click the wrench icon in the upper right corner of the Chrome window.
2. Click "Options."
3. Select "Extensions" on the left sidebar of the options menu.
4. Click the "Remove" button on the line listing the BeFrugal Add-On.
5. Click the "Uninstall" button.
6. Restart Chrome.
If you understand and accept the terms and conditions of this Agreement on behalf of you, click the "I ACCEPT" button below.
If you either do not understand or do not accept the terms and conditions of this Agreement on behalf of you, click the '"I DO NOT ACCEPT" button below and installation will terminate.
×
Click Allow
Don't see Allow? Click here to try again
Click Allow & Add to Automatically Apply Coupons and Cash Back
Restart the download
Almost Done! Click Run below to add to Automatically Apply Coupons and Cash Back
Click Run below
Don't see Run? Click here to try again
Click Run below
Don't see Run? Click here to try again
Are you sure you want to cancel the installation?
Yes
No
Step 1
Click on
Add to Chrome
Step 2
Click on
Add Extension
Get Complete Search Results
Easily switch between Yahoo, Google, and Bing search results.
Search the Web right from the address bar of your Chrome browser
Never miss Cash Back or a coupon with the BeFrugal Button for
Automatic Coupons at Checkout
Unlimited Cash Back. Highest Rates!
Daily Hand-Picked Deals
Fast Payout
I can’t get enough of BeFrugal! It’s unbelievably simple and pays well! I getmoney back for buying things I would buy anyway. I am forever a fan! :D- Melissa B.
By clicking + Add to NonSupported you agree to the BeFrugal Terms and Privacy Policy
×
Do you want to get
on this the offer?
No thanks, just take me to the offer
Attention! We noticed you have an advertisement blocker installed such as Adblock, Ghostery, uBlock, etc.
To ensure you earn Cash Back, please temporarily disable this add-on while shopping through BeFrugal.
Learn more
×
How can we help you?
View Our FAQs
Missing Cash Back?
Payment History
My Referrals
How does BeFrugal Cash Back work?
Highest Cash Back Guarantee
Live Chat
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy was last updated on 11/18/2020
This privacy policy applies to www.BeFrugal.com owned and operated by Capital Intellect, Inc. (collectively, "We", "Our", "Us").
This privacy policy describes how Capital Intellect, Inc. collects and uses the personally identifiable information you provide on our Web site: www.BeFrugal.com, browser extensions and mobile applications. It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personally identifiable information and how you can access and update this information.
Contents [–]
1. Information Collection and Sharing
1.1 Personally Identifiable Information (PII)
1.2 Promotional Mailings
1.3 Personally Identifiable Information (Applies only to Cash Back Participants)
1.4 Browser Extensions
1.5 Mobile Apps
1.6 Feedback form
1.7 Customer Testimonials
1.8 Blogs
1.9 Chat
1.10 Refer a friend-Third Party Personally Identifiable Information
1.11 Log files
1.12 Legal Disclaimer
2. Links to Third Party Websites
2.1 Rakuten Marketing Privacy Statement
3. Cookies Policy
3.1 What are cookies?
3.2 What do our cookies do for you?
3.3 What do Third Party cookies do for you?
3.4 How do I control the use of cookies?
3.5 How do I Opt Out of Cookies
3.6 Widgets
4. Editing Your Personal Data/Choice to Opt Out
5. Managing your Email Subscriptions
6. Security
7. Data Retention
8. California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
9. Transferring of Personal Data From Other Countries
10. Changes in this Privacy Policy
11. Contact Us
1. Information Collection and Sharing
Personally Identifiable Information (PII)
BeFrugal is committed to protecting users' privacy. Users are not required to provide any Personally Identifiable Information in order to use this site.
However, visitors wishing to take advantage of our special offers may be asked to provide their email address and as much of the following information as they are willing to provide: name, gender, age, and personal interests. Contest winners will be required to provide the information necessary to deliver their prizes to them.
We will share your Personally Identifiable Information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy policy. We do not sell your Personally Identifiable Information to third parties.
We may provide your personal information to companies that provide services to help us with our business activities such as our Live Chat powered by Olark or offering customer service. These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
Promotional Mailings
During the registration process, postal address information is collected and saved in your BeFrugal account. This may be used to send periodic promotions, such as postcards or other mailings from BeFrugal. Your address will not be given or sold to any third parties nor will BeFrugal send any Third Party promotional mailings.
Personally Identifiable Information (Applies only to Cash Back Participants)
Cash Back members will be required to provide their full names and mailing address for all payment methods in order for BeFrugal to provide them with their payment.
The payment methods are:
Check
PayPal
Direct Deposit
Venmo
Zelle
eGift Card
Direct Deposit account numbers will be immediately encrypted using 256 bit encryption.
In the event that a user opens a cash back inquiry, BeFrugal will send any relevant inquiry details to the retailers and the affiliate network on the user's behalf.
Cash Back members receiving bonus payments in excess of $600 will be required to provide a social security number or Tax ID (TIN) as required by the Federal Government for tax purposes.
Browser Extensions
BeFrugal.com's browser extensions automatically collect certain information in order to function properly and to help us better understand how our products work on various devices and browsers. Information collected may include devices used, IP addresses, operating system, browsers, error logs, and other similar information. This allows us to improve your experience.
On retailer websites, in order to award Cash Back and show coupons, we track browsing, transaction activity, and collect information on coupons used. You can opt out of sharing your shopping experience anytime on the settings page of the BeFrugal browser extensions.
Mobile Apps
Our mobile apps may share PII such as hashed information and device identifiers to third party service providers to facilitate your purchases, rewards, and special targeted offers and Cash Back rates.
Feedback form
We have an optional feedback/contact us form available that requires responders to provide their name and email address. People who do not want to provide their name and email address should avoid the feedback form.
Customer Testimonials
We post customer testimonials on our website which may contain Personally Identifiable Information such as the customer name. Reviews are solicited via a Third Party website from an unbiased sampling of our customers. When a review or testimonial is submitted to BeFrugal directly, we obtain the customer's consent prior to posting their name and testimonial. If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, please contact us.
Blogs
Our Web site offers publicly accessible blogs or community forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. To request removal of your Personally Identifiable Information from our blog or community forum, contact us.
Chat
We use a chat feature to assist you with any questions you may have while using the site. If our chat feature is offline we might collect your name and email address so that we may reply to your request.
Refer a friend-Third Party Personally Identifiable Information
If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our site, we will ask you for your friend's name and email address. We will automatically send your friend an email inviting him or her to visit the site. Capital Intellect, Inc. stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this email. We may send more than one email.
Your friend may contact us to request that we remove this information from our database. Also referees may see the referrer's e-mail address, and referrers will know whether referees' account balances have reached the payout threshold. Further, referrers may also be shown a partial copy of the referee's email address.
Log files
As is true of most websites, we automatically gather certain information that is stored in our servers log files. This information includes Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data.
As needed, BeFrugal may aggregate data collected from log files to demonstrate usage information from our website for prospective merchants.
Legal Disclaimer
In certain situations, Capital Intellect, Inc. may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet law enforcement requirements. We reserve the right to disclose users' Personally Identifiable Information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety to others, investigate fraud, respond to a government request, and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our website.
If Capital Intellect, Inc. is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our website, of any change in ownership, uses of your Personally Identifiable Information, and choices you may have regarding your Personally Identifiable Information.
We may also disclose your Personally Identifiable Information to any other Third Party with your prior consent.
2. Links to Third Party Websites
This website publishes links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by Capital Intellect, Inc. Please be aware that Capital Intellect, Inc. is not responsible for the privacy practices of these sites.
We encourage users to be aware that clicking special offers or coupons will redirect them to various merchant websites. It is important to read individual merchant's privacy policies before making purchases or entering any Personally Identifiable Information.
These links may contain tracking parameters that tie the user's shopping activity back to the user's personal BeFrugal account.
Retailers or affiliate networks will report this activity to BeFrugal, which BeFrugal will then use to pay cashback.
This tracking can be disabled by opting out.
Rakuten Marketing Privacy Statement
The policy below is from Rakuten Marketing and applies to Rakuten Marketing links and content on BeFrugal.
Third-party advertisements may be shown on this website. This content is provided through Rakuten Marketing ("provider"). Rakuten Marketing is located at 215 Park Avenue, 2nd floor, New York, NY, USA.
For more information on the purpose and scope of the data collected and its further processing and use by the provider as well as your related rights and setting options to protect your privacy, please refer to our Services Privacy Policy: https://rakutenmarketing.com/legal-notices/services-privacy-policy.
3. Cookies Policy
We BeFrugal and its partners use cookies or similar technologies.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files that are stored on your device and provide us with the ability to track, store, and collect information.
What do our cookies do for you?
Track your shopping transactions. When you make a purchase at a retailer's site, cookies provide the details for tracking your cash back activity.
We learn when you have visited the site, if you have made a purchase, the validation of the purchase, or cancellation.
Recognize that you have signed in so that you do not have to log into your account for a period of time
Tell us how you came to our site and whether any referral bonuses apply
Offer you deals based on your site behavior
Help identify fraudulent activity
Provide analytics and reporting
Remember options you have selected for your account settings
What do Third Party cookies do for you?
Third Party advertisers may display advertising on our site or manage our advertising on other sites
Gather information about your activities on this site and other sites to provide you with advertising based on your browsing activities and interests.
Retailers who you visit from BeFrugal may place cookies on your device.
Retailers you visit will be have their own Cookies and Privacy Policies.
Serve ads on our site based on past visits to our site
We also use Third Party cookies to gather information for analytics/reporting
How do I control the use of cookies?
You can control cookies at the browser level.
If you disable cookies you will not earn Cash Back from BeFrugal.
How do I Opt Out of Cookies
If you choose to opt-out of our cookie policy, the site won't be working as intended.
Without the cookies we cannot track your shopping activity, and thus cannot pay you Cash Back. If you still choose to opt-out, click here. Users can also opt back in by clicking this same link above and then selecting "Accept Cookies" at the top of the page
If you choose to opt-out of Third Party Cookies placed by Google and its advertisers click here
If you wish to opt-out of interest-based advertising click here
If you wish to opt-out of other Third Party advertisers click here
Widgets
Our Web site includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a Third Party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
4. Editing Your Personal Data/Choice to Opt Out
You can make changes below to your Personal Data by accessing the Profile Page of your BeFrugal account
You can delete your personal data. Contact us if you wish to delete your account from our system. We will respond to you within a reasonable timeframe.
Upon request BeFrugal will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information.
You can access your personal account history/data on your account page.
If you have any questions about accessing this data, cannot find data that you are interested in, or need assistance accessing this data in another format, please contact support.
5. Managing your Email Subscriptions
You can manage your email subscriptions on the Email Subscription page of your BeFrugal Account.
This allows you to opt-in or opt-out from different email categories or unsubscribe from all communications in one click.
You can also unsubscribe from all communications by clicking the unsubscribe link on the bottom of each email or click here.
6. Security
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the Personally Identifiable Information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personally Identifiable Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
7. Data Retention
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact support. However, we reserve the right to retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
8. California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
Effective January 1, 2020, under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), BeFrugal customers located in the state of California with questions or requests relating to their account status, including CCPA requests, should contact us via the Contact Us Form.
See BeFrugal's Privacy Policy for further information.
BeFrugal customers residing in California will also be eligible to make CCPA requests via email using ccpa-request@befrugal.com
Any requests not relating to CCPA sent to this email address will not be fulfilled, nor will requests originating from members or non-members who are not current residents of California.
9. Changes in this Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post and date those changes to this privacy policy, the home page, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective.
10. Changes in this Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post and date those changes to this privacy policy, the home page, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective.
11. Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at: https://www.befrugal.com/contactus/.
You may also mail us your questions or suggestions to us at the following address:
BeFrugal
Capital Intellect Inc.
P.O. Box 51607
Boston, MA 02205
USA
I need help with:
Top FAQ
My Account
Cash Back
Travel Cash Back
Payments
Coupons, Deals & More
BeFrugal Button
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Live Chat
Couldn't find the answer you were looking for? We have Live Chat available:M-F 8:30am - 4:30pm ET
Email Support
Send us a Message. We respond to all inquiries the same business day.
My Support Tickets
In this section you will find a list of the support tickets that you have submitted.
Connect With Us
Facebook
Twitter
Blog
Instagram
Befrugal's Pledge to our members:
At BeFrugal we are committed to helping you save.We promise the best selection of working coupons, the best Cash Back rates and uparalleled service to our members. Membership is free; and we hope that you do all your shopping through BeFrugal.
- Jon Lal, founder of BeFrugal
How to Get Cash Back
As Seen On:
Favorite Limit Reached
You can add up to 100 current Deals to Favorites.
Go to the Favorites page to remove some Deals.
×
Favorite Limit Reached
You can add up to 100 current Offers to Favorites.
Go to the Favorites page to remove some Offers.
×