http://www.kinston.com/story/news/2020/09/22/kinston-teens-helps-people-register-on-national-voter-registration-day/3496645001/
Kinston Teens helps people register on National Voter Registration DayBrandon DavisKinston/Jones Free Press (kfp)Four years ago, Nicholas Goddard never thought about registering to vote. But after seeing riots and social unrest on TV, 26-year-old Goddard decided to not let another four years pass by without letting his voice be heard on November 3. Goddard registered to vote Tuesday, Sept. 22, during a community cookout hosted by Kinston Teens at the Holloway Recreation Center on National Voter Registration Day. “I feel like it was about time I had to,” Goddard said. “I’m at that point where it’s like I need to be heard in politics. So, I had to get up there and actually do it instead of just letting another year go by. And this year, there have been a lot of riots and civil unrest.“I’m not going to go out there and riot and stuff like that. But I feel like if I can change something in the political system, I can do that.”In partnership with the Kinston-Lenoir County Parks and Recreation Department, Kinston Teens set up a community cookout at 101 N. Myrtle Ave. to not only allow people to register to vote but to also complete the 2020 Census. The community enjoyed free food, free masks and hand sanitizer amid the COVID-19 pandemic, and listened to music while Kinston Teens founder Chris Suggs and volunteers encouraged people to make sure they are registered to vote before the October 9th deadline and have completed the census by September 30. “There’s so much going on in the world, and it’s really taking away our ability to have typical events like this. So, we wanted to do something safe and fun to bring them together,” Suggs said. “We wanted to do something fun to bring people together because this election will be an election like no other. There are so many important races on the ballot from presidential all the way down to the school board race. “We want to make sure that folks are registered and ready to vote and that their vote counts come November 3.”James Earl Dixon stopped by the center on Tuesday for a hot dog and an opportunity to make sure he was registered. Suggs checked on his phone and was able to ensure Dixon he was registered to vote. “I want to tell people to check and make sure they are registered,” Dixon said. “This election is important and everybody needs to vote. It’s always important to me.”According to Suggs, 20 people registered to vote at the cookout, and nearly 100 people showed up to receive voting information, census guides, and free masks and hand sanitizer on National Voter Registration Day. "We're trying to do whatever we can to reach community members here in Kinston, and National Voter Registration Day proved to provide a fun opportunity for us to host a safe event," Suggs said. "This day marks just a few weeks from North Carolina's voter registration deadline and the start of early voting, so we have to do everything possible to get folks ready and registered."