http://www.nhbr.com/about-us/privacy-policy/
SectionsNews
People
Business Advice
Opinion
Events & Awards
Podcast
ExtrasCalendar
Special Editions
Webinars
Business & Service Directory
Connect With Us
Subscribe
Privacy Policy
McLean Communications, publisher of New Hampshire Magazine, New Hampshire Magazine’s Bride, Parenting NH, New Hampshire Business Review and New Hampshire Home, recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of our readers and customers and thanks you for your time in reading our Privacy Policy.
We use the information you share with us in different ways. We use your survey responses and feedback to help us improve content for all of our publications as well as shaping content for future issues and events. We use your contact information to interact with you regarding news, upcoming events and other things we think you’ll be interested in. This interaction may include contact via e-mail as well as “snail” mail.
If you sign up for our e-newsletters you may also receive periodic promotions from any one of our other McLean Communications publications as well as our clients. While we never sell our e-mail lists to third parties, we may send e-mails to you on behalf of businesses outside of McLean Communications. If you enter a ticket giveaway or contest we may use and share your information with other McLean Communication’s publications as well as the third parties associated with the prize or giveaway. Your information will never be made public or sold, however.
You can remove or add your e-mail to our distribution lists at any time. There is an unsubscribe link located at the bottom all of our digital communications (e-mail, e-newsletter, e-blast, etc.)
When you sign up for a service we offer on the site, we may be required to share personal information with third party service providers (credit card processors, shipping companies and fulfillment services) in order to provide the service. These third party providers are required to comply with this policy and protect your information in the same way we do. They are not permitted to retain or use personal information for any purpose unrelated to providing the service.
These third party providers are required to comply with this policy and protect your information in the same way we do. They are not permitted to retain or use personal information for any purpose unrelated to providing the service.
NH Business Review
Current Issue Articles
Digital Edition
Subscribe
E-newsletters
Issue Archive
Advertise
Submit an event
Submit a press release
Download the app
Business & Service Directory
Popular Articles
Who got Paycheck Protection Program loans in New Hampshire?LaBelle Winery owners purchase Brookstone event centerNew Hampshire remains a laggard in building EV charging station networkBalsams developers seek different type of investorsGroup purchases land near Jericho State Park for off-road recreation parkPandemic shift has been sweet for Keene candy retailer
Contribute
Contribute a story idea, press release or letter to the editor.
Submit
Close
Share
Toggle Fullscreen
Zoom in/out
Previous
Next