http://www.pressmonitor.com/terms-and-conditions
menu
Home
Services
Print
MediaAnalytics
Broadcast
Media
Online
Media
Social
Media Monitoring
Contact us
Log In
Sign Up
Log In
Sign Up
Home
Services
Media Monitoring
Print Media
Broadcast Media
Online Media
Social Media Monitoring
Executive Media Summaries
Social Media Alerts
24x7
News Alerts 24x7
PR Evaluation and Analytics
Text
Photos, Images
Videos
Infographics
Translations
Content Creation
PR Measurement and Evaluation
Social Media Analytics
Database
Media Contacts Database
Social Media Contacts Database
Distribution and Channels
Press Release
Distribution
Content Channels - Branded
Newsletters
Content Channels - eBooks
Content Channels -
Responsive Websites
Content Channels - Mobile
Apps
Our Clients
About us
Our Offices
Contact us
Terms and Conditions
Please read this Conditions of Use carefully before using this website.
By using this website, you assent to the following terms of use. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use this website.
PressMonitor.Com reserves the right to modify this website and revise the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy at any time without notice. PressMonitor.Com may make changes in the products and services described in this website at any time.
PressMonitor.Com invites you to view, use and download a single copy of this website for your personal, informational, non-commercial use. Documents and graphics in this website may not be modified or altered in any way.
When you visit PressMonitor.Com, or send e-mails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. You consent to receive communications from us electronically. We will communicate with you by e-mail or by posting notices on this website. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
The PressMonitor.Com website contains links to third party websites. The linked sites are not under our control, and PressMonitor.Com is not responsible for the content available on any other websites linked to this website. Such links do not imply our endorsement of any other website and PressMonitor.Com disclaims all liability with regard to your access of such linked websites. PressMonitor.Com is also not responsible for any loss or damage of any sort you may incur from dealing with any third party.
PressMonitor.Com is concerned about your privacy and has developed a policy to address your privacy concerns. Click here to read our current privacy policy.
Unauthorized use of any PressMonitor.Com material, trademarks, service marks, or logos may be a violation of trademark laws. Other names appearing on this website may be trademarks of their respective owners.
Material on the PressMonitor.Com website is protected by copyright laws. You may not modify, reproduce or distribute the design or layout of the website, or individual sections of the design or layout of the website or our trademarks, service marks or logos without our permission.
The PressMonitor.Com website is operated from our offices within India. PressMonitor.Com makes no representation that the information on this website is appropriate or available for use in other locations, and access to this website from places where the content of the PressMonitor.Com website may be illegal, is prohibited. Those who choose to access the PressMonitor.Com website from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws.
All content on this website is provided on an “as is” “as available” basis without penalty of any kind either expressed or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. PressMonitor.Com makes no warranty as to the accuracy, completeness, currency, or reliability of any content available through this website. You are responsible for verifying any information before relying on it. Use of the website and the content available on the website is at your sole risk. PressMonitor.Com makes no representations or warranties that use of the website or it’s services will be uninterrupted or error-free. You are responsible for taking all necessary precautions to ensure that any content you may obtain from this website is free of viruses.
PressMonitor.Com specifically disclaims any liability, whether based in contract, tort, strict liability or otherwise, for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, or special damages arising out of or in any way connected with access to or use of the website, even if PressMonitor.Com has been advised of the possibility of such damages, including but not limited to reliance by any party or any content obtained through the use of this website, or that arises in connection with mistakes or omissions in, or delays in transmission of, information to or from the user, interruption in telecommunications connecting to the website, or viruses, whether caused in whole or in part by negligence, acts of god, telecommunications failure, theft or destruction of, or unauthorized access to the website, or related information or programs.
All matters relating to your access to, and use of, this website shall be governed by Indian law or the laws of the National Capital Territory of Delhi. Any legal action or proceeding relating to your access to, or use of, the website shall be instituted in the courts in Delhi. You and PressMonitor.Com agree to submit to the jurisdiction of, and agree that venue is proper in, these courts in any such legal action or proceeding.
If you have any questions regarding these Terms of Use or our Privacy Policy, please click here to contact PressMonitor.Com.
Contact Pressmonitor
Email :
info@pressmonitor.com
Mobile No. :
+91-98111-18919 | +91-98910-20000
Useful links
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Support
Contact Us
Subscribe to newsletter
Copyright © 2020 Pressmonitor.com. All rights
reserved