https://www.joeuser.com/privacy
Log In
Sign Up and Get Started Blogging!
JoeUser is completely free to use! By Signing Up on JoeUser, you can create your own blog and participate on the blogs of others!
Privacy Statement for Stardock.com
Stardock.com
has created this privacy
statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy.
The following discloses the information gathering and
dissemination practices for this Web site:
Stardock.com
This policy is also applicable to Stardock's other Web sites, including but not
limited to: Stardock.net, WinCustomize.com, JoeUser.com, Windowblinds.net,
GalCiv3.com, PoliticalMachine.com, and ObjectDesktop.net.
WE DO NOT SHARE YOUR EMAIL ADDRESSES OR PERSONAL
INFORMATION WITH ANYONE.
Information Automatically Logged
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site.
This information is used to generate reports on the overall traffic to the site
for bandwith planning and usage statistics.
Stardock Activation
Beginning in 2005, some Stardock products require activation
over the Internet to use their enhanced versions. Depending on if your order was
directly through Stardock or through a third-party, we may ask for your first name,
last name, email address, and the serial number/activation code for the product
you have purchased.
Your IP address and number of activation attempts will
also be logged. There are reasonable limits on how often you can activate a given
product to help deter piracy, but for most users, this limit will not be reached.
If you have difficulties, please contact support@stardock.com.
This information will not be used by third parties, but may be used by Stardock
to contact you about updates or other Stardock-related news.
Cookies
Our Site uses cookies to keep track of items in your shopping cart.
Stardock.net accounts on the various websites (like WinCustomize.com and for
installing software via Stardock Central) also uses cookies as part of
their validation process.
Advertisers
We use an outside ad company to display ads on our site. These ads may contain cookies.
While we use cookies in other parts of our Web site, cookies received with banner ads are
collected by our ad company, and we do not have access to this information.
Some customer data is shared with the advertising companies (i.e.
ONLY what they have access to from setting in your cookies). We do not
allow advertisers to see any private information including email
addresses, home addresses, phone numbers, or any other private
information.
Registration Forms
Our site's registration form requires users to give us contact information (like their
name and email) and demographic information (like their zip code and age).
Contact information from the registration forms is used to get in touch with the customer when necessary.
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site. We use this data to tailor our visitor's experience at our site showing them content that we think they might
be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences.
Order Forms
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect contact information (like their email address), financial information (like their account or credit card
numbers), and demographic information (like their zip code and age).
Contact information from the order forms is used to ship purchases, information about our company. The customer's contact information is also used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary.
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services.
Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site.
We may use this data in the future to tailor our visitor's experience at our site showing them content that we think they might
be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences.
Surveys
Our online surveys ask visitors for demographic information (like zip code or
age).
Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site.
We use this data in the future to tailor our visitor's experience at our site showing them content that we think they might
be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences.
Email
Stardock scans the text of e-mail messages in order to filter
spam and detect viruses.
This process is completely automated and involves no humans.
The
only exception includes requests by users that Wincustomize support staff access their email
messages in order to diagnose problems; when Stardock is required by law to do so; and when we
are compelled to view or disclose personal information because we reasonably believe it's
necessary in order to protect the rights, property or safety of Stardock, its users and the
public.
Stardock only scans e-mail contents to provide you a reliable
service. Stardock does not share or reveal e-mail content or personal information with third
parties, other than in certain exceptions dictated by the law and common sense.
Assessments (Hardware)
Stardock's TweakVista product, at the request of the user, sends generic information about the computer hardware under analysis to Stardock.
This data will not be provided to any third parties and
will only be used to provide anonymous high level reports to other customers of TweakVista.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites. Stardock.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Public Forums
This site makes chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control.
Credit card information for orders is secured via industry standard
128-bit SSL encryption.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving promotional/marketing information from
us via Stardock Magazine.
You can send email to
info@stardock.com
You can visit the following URL:
http://www.stardock.com/scripts/remove.asp
Data Quality/Access
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided:
You can send email to
sales@stardock.com
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact:
info@stardock.com
Log In, Joe
Username
Password
Forgot Your Password?
Sign Up!
Active Tags
Blogging
Modding
Politics
Misc
Windowblinds
Demigod
Elemental
Technical
Objectdock
Welcome
Fences
Humor
Community
Off-topic
Strategy
JoeUser News
Australia's new citizenship test
My Proposal for Illegal Immig...
Wal Mart Ditching Knitters
1.7 Beta 3 Change Log
JoeUser 2 Launches
Sponsored Links
JoeUser Resources
JoeUser 2 Preview
JoeUser Forums
Posting with Windows Live Writer
Recent Article Comments
Changing Windows 10 Icons wi...
Remember IconX? Let's check ...
Fun with Fences: Using Fence...
forum 'ban game' two
Remember that Monolith in Ut...
Berlin startup company, Wond...
Get Your Desktop Ready for C...
WinCustomize Monthly Wrap-up...
Fences: Making Desktop Custo...
Let's start a New Jammin Thr...
more »
Search JoeUser
Popular Articles
Recent Articles
Remember IconX? Let's check ...
Berlin startup company, Wond...
Get Your Desktop Ready for C...
Fun with Fences: Using Fence...
Remember that Monolith in Ut...
WinCustomize Monthly Wrap-up...
Revisiting a Christmas Skinn...
Fences: Making Desktop Custo...
WC Community Question: Roast...
Inexplicable Monolith Discov...
more »
Sponsored Links
Leading Blogs
Brad Wardell - Skinning the ...
ID's place to speak
Brad Wardell - Opinionated T...
drjbhl
pacov
Leading Users
JoeUser Recommends
Stardock
Stardock Games
WinCustomize
NeoWin
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
About Us
Contact Us
Stardock.com
© 2020 Stardock Corporation. All rights reserved.
JoeUser v1.0.0.0