http://www.kiamaindependent.com.au/conditions-of-use/
Conditions of Use | Kiama Independent | Kiama, NSW
Skip to navigationSkip to contentSkip to footerMenuConditions of UseNewsLocal NewsPropertyHistoryPoliticsInvestigationsNationalWorldBushfiresSportLocal SportNational SportWhat's OnThings to doTheatre and ArtsTV GuideCommunityBabies, Weddings & ObituariesSend Us Your NewsCommentLife & StyleLifeMoneyTravelFun StuffCelebrityShoppingChristmasClassifiedsTributesCelebrationsJobsCarsPlace a Classifieds AdAg and RuralRecommendedFeaturesSpecial PublicationsSponsored ContentCouponsListenSearch SiteHomeHomeNewsSportWhat's OnCommunityCommentLife & StyleClassifiedsRecommendedCouponsListenAllConditions of UseConditions of use
These terms and conditions, together with the ACM Privacy Policy and any additional
terms, conditions,
notices and disclaimers displayed elsewhere on the ACM Network ("Conditions") govern your use of and access
to the ACM Network. We may change all or part of the Conditions at any time. If we do, the new Conditions will be posted on the
ACM Network. Your subsequent or continued use of the ACM Network will constitute your acceptance of any
changes. If you object to any changes to the Conditions, your only remedy is to immediately discontinue your
use of the ACM Network. These terms and conditions of use were last updated in June 2019. The ACM Network While we use reasonable endeavours to ensure that the ACM Network (of digital media assets and platforms
operated of controlled by ACM entities) is available continuously, we do not make any representations or
warranties that your access will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error free. Your access to the ACM
Network may be suspended without notice in the case of system failure, maintenance or repair or any reason
beyond our control. Except as expressly provided otherwise in the Conditions, we reserve the right to change or discontinue any
website, feature or service (or part thereof) on the ACM Network at any time. Except as expressly provided otherwise in the Conditions, we reserve the right to change the pricing for any
chargeable service or feature on the ACM Network at any time without providing notice to you. Membership To access or use certain parts of the ACM Network, you must register as a member of the ACM Network and/or a
particular website that forms part of the ACM Network. Generally, registration is free. When registering as a member, you must provide us with accurate, complete and up-to-date registration
information, as requested. It is your responsibility to inform us of any changes to your registration
information. We will treat your personal information strictly in accordance with our Privacy
Policy. You must not register as a member multiple times. You must not impersonate or create a membership for any person other than yourself. We may at any time request a form of identification to verify your identity. You must ensure the security and confidentiality of your membership details, including any username and/or
password assigned to you. You are wholly responsible for all activities which occur under your membership
details (including unauthorised use of your credit card). You must notify us immediately if you become aware
of any unauthorised use of your membership details. You must not permit your membership details to be used
by or transferred to any other person. We reserve the right to, in our sole discretion, suspend or terminate your membership or access to all or
any part of the ACM Network, including if we believe you are abusing the services in any way, have breached
the Conditions or are no longer an active member. Your conductYou must not:
use the ACM Network in breach of any applicable laws or regulations;use the ACM Network (or Material obtained from the ACM Network):
(a) to transmit (or authorise the transmission of) "junk mail," "chain letters,"
unsolicited emails, instant messaging, "spimming," or "spamming";
(b) to impersonate any person or entity; (c) to solicit money, passwords or personal information from any person; (d) to harm, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise offend others; or (e) for any unlawful purpose;use the ACM Network to upload, post, transmit or otherwise make available (or attempt to upload,
post,
transmit or otherwise make available) any Material that:
is not your original work, or which in any way violates or infringes (or could
reasonably be expected to
violate or infringe) the intellectual property or other rights of another person;
contains, promotes, or provides information about unlawful activities or conduct; is, or could reasonably be expected to be, defamatory, obscene, offensive, threatening,
abusive,
pornographic, vulgar, profane, indecent or otherwise unlawful, including Material that
racially or
religiously vilifies, incites violence or hatred, or is likely to offend, insult or
humiliate others based
on race, religion, ethnicity, gender, age, sexual orientation or any physical or mental
disability;
exploits another person in any manner; contains nudity, excessive violence, or sexual acts or references; includes an image or personal information of another person or persons unless you have
their consent;
poses or creates a privacy or security risk to any person; you know or suspect (or ought reasonably to have known or suspected) to be false,
misleading or
deceptive;
contains large amounts of untargeted, unwanted or repetitive content; contains restricted or password only access pages, or hidden content; contains viruses, or other computer codes, files or programs designed to interrupt,
limit or destroy the
functionality of other computer software or hardware;
advertises, promotes or solicits any goods or services or commercial activities (except
where expressly
permitted or authorised by us); or
contains financial, legal, medical or other professional advice;interfere with, disrupt, or create an undue burden on the ACM Network;use any robot, spider, or other device or process to retrieve, index, or in any way reproduce,
modify or
circumvent the navigational structure, security or presentation of the ACM Network;
use the ACM Network with the assistance of any automated scripting tool or software;frame or mirror any part of the ACM Network without our prior written authorisation;use code or other devices containing any reference to the ACM Network to direct other persons to
any
other web page;
except to the extent permitted by law, modify, adapt, sublicense, translate, sell, reverse
engineer,
decipher, decompile or otherwise disassemble any portion of the ACM Network or cause any other
person to do
so; or
delete any attributions or legal or proprietary notices on the ACM Network. Your MaterialBy uploading, transmitting, posting or otherwise making available any Material via the ACM Network, you:
grant us a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, perpetual, licence to use, reproduce, edit
and
exploit the Material in any form and for any purpose;
except where expressly stated otherwise, also grant each user of the ACM Network a
non-exclusive,
worldwide, royalty-free, perpetual, licence to use, reproduce, edit and exploit the Material in
any form for
any purpose, subject to the Conditions;
warrant that you have the right to grant the above mentioned licences; warrant that the Material does not breach the Conditions; and unconditionally waive all moral rights (as defined by the Copyright Act 1968) which you may
have in
respect of the Material.
We reserve the right (but have no obligation) to:
review, modify, reformat, reject or remove any Material which you upload, post, transmit or
otherwise make
available (or attempt to upload, post, transmit or otherwise make available) that, in our
opinion, violates
the Conditions or otherwise has the potential to harm, endanger or violate the rights of any
person; and
monitor use of the ACM Network, and store or disclose any information that we collect,
including in order to
investigate compliance with the Conditions or for the purposes of any police investigation or
governmental
request.
We are not responsible for, and accept no liability with respect to, any Material uploaded, posted,
transmitted or otherwise made available on the ACM Network by any person other than us. For the avoidance of
doubt, we will not be taken to have uploaded, posted, transmitted or otherwise made Material available on
the ACM Network simply by facilitating others to post, transmit or other make Material available.
Furthermore, we do not endorse any opinion, advice or statement made by any person other than us. Notifying us If you think that the ACM Network has been accessed or used by another user in breach of the Conditions,
please email us at supportqueries@austcommunitymedia.com.au.
We'll consider whether there are grounds for taking
any action, but you won't necessarily be contacted as to our decision. In particular, if you wish to send us a copyright infringement notification, you will need to identify the
Material(s) that you believe infringe(s) your copyright, identify each copyright protected work in which you
own the rights and which you believe has been infringed, identify how each copyright protected work has been
or is being infringed and include your contact information. You will need to sign the notice and send it to
supportqueries@austcommunitymedia.com.au. Intellectual Property Except where expressly provided otherwise in the Conditions, you do not have any right, title or interest in
or to any proprietary rights relating to the ACM Network. The ACM Network contains Material that is protected by copyright, trade mark and other laws. Except where
expressly provided otherwise in the Conditions, you may reproduce and display the Material on the ACM
Network for your own personal, non-commercial use only. Except for the temporary copy held in your
computer's cache and a single permanent copy for your personal reference, the material may not otherwise be
used, stored, reproduced, published, altered or transmitted in any form or by any means in whole or part
without our prior written approval or the written approval of our licensor. In particular, you may not use any Material on the ACM Network to establish, maintain or provide, or assist
in establishing, maintaining or providing your own publications, Internet site or other means of
distribution. Nothing displayed on the ACM Network should be construed as granting any right of use in relation to any
logo, masthead or trade mark displayed on the ACM Network without the express written consent of the
relevant owner. Third party websites, advertising and activities We may feature or display links and pointers to websites operated by third parties on the ACM Network. Such
websites do not form part of the ACM Network and are not under our control. We do not accept any
responsibility in connection with any such website. If you link to any such websites, you leave the ACM
Network entirely at your own risk. You must not link to the ACM Network from any other website (or otherwise authorise any other person to link
from a third party website to the ACM Network) without our prior written consent. The ACM Network may feature or display third party advertising. By featuring or displaying such advertising,
we do not in any way represent that we recommend or endorse the relevant advertiser, its products or
services. If you contact a third party using functionality provided on the ACM Network, including via e-mail, we do
not accept any responsibility for any communications or transactions between you and the relevant third
party. From time to time, we may promote, advertise, or sponsor functions, events, offers, competitions or other
activities that may be conducted offline and may be conducted by third parties. You participate in any such
activities entirely at your own risk. We do not accept any responsibility in connection with your
participation in activities conducted by any third party. These communications and/or activities may be
subject to separate terms and conditions and are conducted in accordance with the terms of ACM's Privacy Policy. For example, the personal information you provide when
registering on the ACM Network may be used,
or disclosed, for the purpose of sending you marketing or promotional material about a third party business
that we believe may be of interest to you. You will be given an opportunity to unsubscribe to any of these
communications in accordance with applicable legislation. If you wish to make a complaint or provide
feedback about a privacy related matter, please email our Privacy Officer at
privacy@austcommunitymedia.com.au. Video Player We may allow you to share or embed some of the content in our Video Player on third party sites. Such
content may not be used for commercial purposes except with our prior written consent, and content may only
be shared or embedded in accordance with the functionality of the Video Player. No rights whatsoever in any
content are granted to you by virtue of the sharing and embedding functions, and ACM reserves all rights in
relation to the content and the Video Player, including the right to require users of the Video Player to
remove shared or embedded content for any reason in our absolute discretion. Users of the Video Player must
comply with any request to remove content in a timely way, but in any case within one business day of the
request being made. Users must display contact information on their website sufficient to allow ACM to make
contact and request player removal. ACM does not make any warranty, representation or guarantee as to
availability or any level of service and may disable the Video Player without notice. Disclaimer You use the ACM Network at your sole risk. Except where expressly stated otherwise, Material on the ACM Network is provided as general information
only. It is not intended as advice and must not be relied upon as such. You should make your own inquiries
and take independent advice tailored to your specific circumstances prior to making any decisions. We do not make any representation or warranty that any Material on the ACM Network will be reliable,
accurate or complete, nor do we accept any responsibility arising in any way from errors or omissions. We will not be liable for loss resulting from any action or decision by you in reliance on the Material on
the ACM Network, nor any interruption, delay in operation or transmission, virus, communications failure,
Internet access difficulties, or malfunction in equipment or software. You acknowledge that we are not responsible for, and accept no liability in relation to, any other users’
use of, access to or conduct in connection with the ACM Network in any circumstance. Limitation of liability You use the ACM Network at your sole risk. To the extent permitted by law, we exclude all conditions and warranties relating to your use of the ACM
Network that are not expressly set out in the Conditions.To the extent that our liability for breach of any implied warranty or condition cannot be excluded by
law,
our liability will be limited, at our option, to:
in the case of services supplied or offered by us:
the re-supply of those services; or the payment of the cost of having those services re-supplied; andin the case of goods supplied or offered by us:
the replacement of the goods or the supply of equivalent goods; the repair of the goods; the payment of the cost of having the goods replaced; or the payment of the cost of having the goods repaired. In relation to any express warranty or condition set out in the Conditions in connection with goods or
services supplied or offered by us via the ACM Network, our liability to you will be limited to the
amount(s) paid by you (if any) in respect of those goods or services. In no circumstances will we be liable to you for any indirect, incidental, special and/or consequential
losses or damages (including loss of profits, revenue, production, goodwill, data or opportunity) of
whatever nature howsoever arising in connection with the ACM Network. Indemnity You agree to fully indemnify and hold us harmless against any expenses, costs, loss (including consequential
loss) or damage that we may suffer or incur as a result of or in connection with your use of, access to or
conduct in connection with the ACM Network, including any breach by you of the Conditions. GST Unless stated to be otherwise, charges referred to for any goods or services supplied (or offered for
supply) via the ACM Network are stated inclusive of GST. Where GST applies to any supply made to you, we
will deduct the applicable GST and issue you with a Tax Invoice. GST means the Australian goods and services
tax charged under A New Tax System (Goods and Services Tax) Act 1999 ("Act"). Tax Invoice means tax invoice
as defined by the Act. Severability If any provision of the Conditions is deemed invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of
such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of the Conditions, which shall
remain in full force and effect. No waiver No waiver of any term of the Conditions shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any
other term. Any failure to assert any right under the Conditions shall not constitute a waiver of such
right. Affirmation regarding age By using the ACM Network, you affirm that you are 18 years or over or otherwise possess legal parental or
guardian consent. Applicable law These Conditions shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of New South Wales,
Australia. You consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in New South Wales Courts to determine
any matter or dispute which arises under the Conditions. Definitions In these terms and conditions: "Conditions" means these terms and conditions, together with the ACM Privacy Policy
and any additional
terms, conditions, notices and disclaimers displayed elsewhere on the ACM Network. "ACM Network" means all of the websites that we own and/or operate from time to time, regardless of how
those websites are accessed by users (including via the Internet, mobile phone or any other device). For a
list of the websites that currently form part of ACM Network, visit www.acmadcentre.com.au/brands. "Material" means text, illustrations, photos, audio, video, any combination of these or other material. “ACM”, "Us", "we" or "our" means Rural Press Pty Ltd (ACN 000 010 382) and/or its related bodies
corporate. Reuters Certain content contained on the ACM Network may be provided by Reuters and is protected under copyright
law. Reuters content is the intellectual property of Reuters or its licensors. Any copying, republication or
redistribution of Reuters content, including by caching, framing or similar means, is expressly prohibited
without the prior written consent of Reuters. Reuters shall not be liable for any errors in content, or for
any actions taken in reliance thereon. Reuters and the Reuters sphere logo are trademarks and registered
trademarks of the Reuters Group of Companies around the world. For additional information on other Reuters
services please visit the web site - https://www.reuters.com.
Associated Press Certain content contained on the ACM Network may be provided by Associated Press (AP) and is protected under
copyright law. Associated Press (AP) text, photos, graphics, audio and video works are only for the personal non-commercial
use of persons accessing this service and must not directly or indirectly be published, rewritten for
broadcast, communication or publication or redistributed in any medium. AP materials and works must not be
stored in any electronic or other system except for the personal, non-commercial use of persons accessing
this service. Users nor any other person may hold AP liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or
omissions in respect of such materials or works, the transmission or delivery of such materials and works or
any loss or damage arising from any of the foregoing. Google Maps The Google Maps service is made available to you under licence from Google Inc. By using the Google Maps
service and any data or information accessed from Google Maps, you also agree to be bound by the Google Maps
terms and conditions available at the following url:
https://www.google.com/intl/en_us/help/terms_maps.html.
Share via EmailShare on FacebookShare on TwitterRSS Feed
Australian Community Media
About Us
Advertising
Privacy Policy
Conditions of Use
Terms & Conditions - Newspaper
Kiama Independent
Contact Us
About Us
Advertise With Us
Classifieds
Business Listings
Place an Ad
Classifieds & Notices
Cars
Jobs
AgTrader
Tributes
Celebrations
Coupons
OneFlare
Submit
Letter to the Editor