http://www.newsnow.co.uk/privacy/cookies/
Cookie Policy
Introduction
Cookies are small text files that (depending on your browser settings) are deposited on your computer's disk when you visit a site and may be sent back to that site when you visit again.
We may use cookies to store user preferences and certain other pieces of data in the course of providing our services, as explained in further detail below.
If you carry on using our sites, we'll assume that you are fine with our use of cookies in these ways, but you can disable any of these cookies at any time if you wish – as explained below in the “Controlling cookies” section.
How we use cookies
Some cookies may only be set if you have registered with NewsNow and have logged in. Some other cookies are only set if you have not registered or have not logged in. Some cookies may be set whether you have registered and have logged in, or not. Some cookies are only set for the mobile version of the site, some are only set for the 'classic' (non-mobile) version of the site, and some are set for both, as indicated below.
The cookies listed below do not contain any information that, in itself, personally identifies you and do not provide us with access to the rest of your device. We may, however, associate the information contained in cookies with personal information that you have provided to us separately, such as when you submit an enquiry via a website form.
Below is a list of cookies that we set, and details of what we use them for.
NewsNow News
Cookie name(s)
Description
nn_uid / NEWSNOW
Browser identification cookie.
We issue each browser accessing NewsNow with an anonymous unique ID. We use this to estimate the number of users visiting the site from time to time.
Set for all users who use the desktop or mobile site.
NN_Session
Session cookie.
This cookie is set on certain pages on the site, and is used to assist us in accounting for traffic.
Set for all users who use the desktop site.
NN_Eng
User engagement cookie.
This cookie is used to measure the level of user engagement, and is used to help target advertising.
Set for all users who use the desktop site.
nnusrst
Settings cookie.
This cookie stores settings, including the font size, whether headlines should be set in bold, and all the publications you have hidden or highlighted. It enables us to respect these settings when you navigate between web pages, and return to NewsNow from the same browser and computer.
Set for non-registered or non-logged-in users who use the desktop or mobile site.
NNNewsfeedHistory
Most visited topics cookie.
This cookie stores the topics and searches you visited most often. It enables us to present the "My Most Viewed" list so that your favourite topics are just a click away.
Set for non-registered or non-logged-in users who use the desktop or mobile site.
nn_auth / NNAU
Authentication cookie.
This cookie is used to identify your account when you are logged in to NewsNow (excluding NewsNow Classifieds), and is required for us to be able to provide a personalised experience when you are logged in. It enables us to recognise your account when you navigate between web pages, and (should you not have logged off) when you return to NewsNow (excluding NewsNow Classifieds) from the same browser and computer.
Set for registered and logged-in users who use the desktop site.
flo
Maintenance cookie.
This cookie stores no user data. We set it to be able to show a message in the rare event that we need to log you out in order to carry out essential system maintenance.
Set for registered and logged-in users who use the desktop site.
uky
Data encryption cookie.
This cookie is used to secure your settings (such as font size, etc) when we send a page to your browser.
Set for registered and logged-in users who use the desktop site.
NNFavourites
Mobile favourites cookie (only set for users based outside the EEA).
This cookie stores the topics you favourited on the mobile site. It enables us to redirect your browser to your favourite homepage when you revisit the site, and to display a list of your favourite topics so that they are just a click away.
Set for non-registered or non-logged-in users who use the mobile site.
NN_JumpLinks
Jump links cookie.
This cookie stores your preference as to whether or not to display 'jump links' to individual topics at the top of a page.
Set for registered and logged-in users who use the mobile site.
nn_ssn
Session information cookie.
This cookie is used by us to record per-session settings to make navigation
on the site easier. These include the most recent keywords you
searched for and settings related to the most recently viewed topic
page, e.g. how many headlines should be visible. This cookie is deleted when the browser is closed.
Set for all users who use the desktop site.
nn_sid
Session tracking cookie.
This cookie is used by us to compile anonymous statistics on how long users spend on the NewsNow web site and how often they visit it.
Set for all users who use the desktop site.
nn_ab
User testing cookie.
This cookie is used to test improvements to the site with selected users.
Set for all users who use the desktop site.
nn_campaign
Campaign tracking cookie.
This cookie is used to track if you reached the website via an advertising campaign, and if so, which one. It enables us to better understand which of our ad campaigns are working.
Set for all users who reached the website via an advertising campaign.
cookie_policy
Cookie policy cookie.
We use this cookie to remember if you have accepted our cookie policy on either our news site or on NewsNow Classifieds,
so that we can avoid showing the message about cookies again.
Set for all users who use the desktop or mobile site.
NewsNow Classifieds
Cookie name(s)
Description
rub_LS_UK
Recent searches cookie.
We use this cookie to store a list of the most recent searches made by a user. We use this information to show you the number of new ads that match your searches since your last visit.
rub_abtest_(suffix)
AB testing cookies.
Any cookie whose name starts rub_abtest may be used to test different designs and functionality, in order to improve your experience of the site.
ASP.NET_SessionId
Session ID cookie.
This cookie is used to establish a 'user session', so that information can be presented on NewsNow Classifieds that persists between pages. This cookie is not stored when you close your browser.
rub_mc_(suffix)
Saved search cookies.
Any cookie whose name starts rub_mc_ is used to facilitate you being able to save a search for a specific section of NewsNow Classifieds.
rub_rbPage
Like cookie.
This cookie stores whether or not you have seen a message encouraging you to 'like' a specific page on NewsNow Classifieds, in order to avoid showing you the message again once you have dismissed it.
rub_desktop_from_mobile
Mobile device cookie.
This cookie stores your preference for either the mobile or classic versions of NewsNow Classifieds when accessing it from a mobile device.
rub_trending_pages
Trending pages cookie.
We use this cookie to determine if the user arrived at a trending search result page via an internal link on NewsNow.
rub_user_id
Authentication cookie.
This cookie is used to identify your account when you are logged in to NewsNow Classifieds, and is required for us to be able to provide a personalised experience when you are logged in. It enables us to recognise your account when you navigate between web pages, and (should you not have logged off) when you return to NewsNow Classifieds from the same browser and computer.
rub_NewAdsFirstVisit
First visit cookie.
Used to determine your first visit to our site so we can later on mark "new" ads for you
cookie_policy
Cookie policy cookie.
We use this cookie to remember if you have accepted our cookie policy on either our news site or on NewsNow Classifieds,
so that we can avoid showing the message about cookies again.
Third-party cookies
Please note that our business partners’ or other websites that may be accessible via the Site may also use cookies, over which we have no control. You should check the privacy and cookies policies posted on the relevant third-party websites for further information on such cookies (including details of how to reject or delete such cookies).
The Site also uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“ Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies to help us analyse how users use the Site. The information generated by Google’s cookies about your use of the Site (including your IP address) is anonymous and will be sent to Google and held on Google’s servers in the USA in accordance with Google’s privacy policy (available at
http://www.google.co.uk/intl/en/privacy/). Please note that Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
NewsNow has enabled Google Analytics’ “Advertising Reporting
Features” option. This means that Google Analytics may collect data
from Google advertising cookies (when they are present) and other
anonymous identifiers and associate this with the Google Analytics
data it normally collects. This allows Google Analytics to provide
NewsNow with anonymous, aggregated data on things such as audience
demographics and interests. No personal data is collected by Google as
part of this feature and NewsNow does not attempt to associate any of
the data so collected with any personal data it may itself collect
from you.
Further information on Google's use of cookies, including in
advertising, is available at
http://www.google.com/policies/technologies/types/,
and on its use of cookies for Google Analytics is available at:
https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/analyticsjs/cookie-usage.
If you wish to opt out of data collection by Google Analytics, you can
do so by installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on,
supplied by Google here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/.
Controlling cookies
Most web browsers are initially set up to accept all cookies, but you may be able to configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to warn you when a cookie is being set. The Help portion of your browser, most likely found on the toolbar, typically tells you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. You can check whether these settings are currently enabled in your browser settings.
You can find out more about cookies at www.youronlinechoices.eu
(for visitors in the EU) or the Network Advertising Initiative (for other visitors).
About NewsNowPublisher NetworkCareersContact usPrivacy PolicyCookie Policy
Webinar: Funding & Regulating Journalism
NewsNow Classifieds
Did you know about NewsNow Classifieds,
the one-stop shop for services and items to buy and sell? Click on the links to find adverts in:
Jobs3,187,250
Property2,873,306
Cars & Vehicles2,595,359
Home & Garden305,303
Hobbies & Leisure300,663
Pets & Animals99,576
Services17,783
Email
Sign in
Enter your password
Sign in
Forgot your password? Click to get a sign-in link sent to your email
No account? Sign up!
Follow your favourite topics
Save your publication preferences
No account? Sign up!
Follow your favourite topics
Save your publication preferences
Publication filters
Click to show
Manage
Reset all
Headline Density
CompactCosyComfortable
Notifications
Unsubscribe from Breaking News