http://www.seattlepi.com/sports/article/Red-Stars-Gordon-launches-nonprofit-to-help-15597439.php
Red Stars' Gorden launches nonprofit to help Black girls - seattlepi.com
Sign In
Register
Home
Archives
Blogs
Privacy Notice
Terms of Use
The sudden, feel-good rise of Seattle Seahawks defensive back
What to expect during Gov. Jay Inslee, challenger Loren Culp's
Inslee announces eased restrictions on restaurants, youth sports,
3 big takeaways, analysis from Seattle Seahawks' Week 4 win at
US & World
Crime
Business
U.S.
Washington D.C.
Asia
Africa
Middle East
Europe
Latin America/Carribean
Canada
Out There
Sponsored Content
The Latest: India edges closer to 7 million virus cases
Battered Louisiana coast braces for 1 more: Hurricane Delta
Asia Today: Sri Lanka orders closures to contain virus
Politics has way of finding Supreme Court eager to avoid it
Sports
Seahawks/NFL
Mariners/MLB
Sounders/Reign/Soccer
Huskies/Cougars
More Sports
Seahawks' Carroll impressed Patriots had no other positive
Dipoto: Seattle Mariners focused on making the playoffs in 2021
Washington Huskies' football (new) seven-game 2020 schedule
3 big takeaways, analysis from Seattle Seahawks' Week 4 win at
COVID-19
Lifestyle
Home & Garden
Health
Food & Dining
Advice
Reader Blogs
Pets
Travel
Travel
Whistler Tourism
Travel Deals by Travelzoo
Cannabis
Sponsored Content
Horoscopes
Visitors Guide
Beer
Wine Country
Sponsored: SEA Culture
Golden Globes red carpet: Who wore black the best and worst
Carolyn Hax: Choosing not to let friend usurp birthday plans
These pop-culture favorites will officially be old in 2018
Wearing black at the Golden Globes: What we'll miss
Advice
Comics
Comics Kingdom
Universal Crossword
Puzzles
Comics: Funky Winkerbean, Zits and more
Puzzles: Sudoku, Crossword and more
Horoscopes: Daily astrology
Trivia: Quizzes and more
Education
Real Estate
Real estate features
Real estate partner: Conner Homes
Real estate partner: ONE88
Real estate partner: KODA Condominiums
Connect to top real estate agents in your area
Learn why finding the right real estate agent matters
Selling or buying your home with the perfect agent
Home sales, prices on the rise in Seattle-area housing market
MenuSections
https://www.seattlepi.com/sports/article/Red-Stars-Gordon-launches-nonprofit-to-help-15597439.php
Red Stars' Gorden launches nonprofit to help Black girls
Anne M. Peterson, Ap Sports Writer
Updated
3:32 pm PDT, Friday, September 25, 2020
Chicago Red Stars' Sarah Gorden, front, plays the ball as Houston Dash's Bri Visalli defends during the second half of an NWSL Challenge Cup soccer finals match on July 26, 2020, in Sandy, Utah. Gordon aims to go beyond the social media statements, the T-shirts and the platitudes, and do something to lift up Black lives. The 28-year-old has put her focus on mental health for young women of color in launching her nonprofit organization, HoodSpace. less
Chicago Red Stars' Sarah Gorden, front, plays the ball as Houston Dash's Bri Visalli defends during the second half of an NWSL Challenge Cup soccer finals match on July 26, 2020, in Sandy, Utah. Gordon aims to ... more
Photo: Rick Bowmer, AP
Photo: Rick Bowmer, AP
Image
1
of
/
3
Caption
Close
Image
1
of
3
Chicago Red Stars' Sarah Gorden, front, plays the ball as Houston Dash's Bri Visalli defends during the second half of an NWSL Challenge Cup soccer finals match on July 26, 2020, in Sandy, Utah. Gordon aims to go beyond the social media statements, the T-shirts and the platitudes, and do something to lift up Black lives. The 28-year-old has put her focus on mental health for young women of color in launching her nonprofit organization, HoodSpace. less
Chicago Red Stars' Sarah Gorden, front, plays the ball as Houston Dash's Bri Visalli defends during the second half of an NWSL Challenge Cup soccer finals match on July 26, 2020, in Sandy, Utah. Gordon aims to ... more
Photo: Rick Bowmer, AP
Red Stars' Gorden launches nonprofit to help Black girls
1
/
3
Back to Gallery
Sarah Gorden tells the story often, about how she was a kid playing on a club soccer team when an opponent called her a racial slur.
“I was raised around white people in a white community," said Gorden, who is multiracial. “And I had never really looked at myself in that light until moments like that — then really you take a step back and be like, 'Wait a second, I’m a what?’”
The defender for the Chicago Red Stars is harnessing that shock and pain by using her voice. But she also wants to go beyond the social media statements and T-shirts to do something to really lift up Black lives.
Gorden, 28, has put her focus on mental health for young women of color in launching her nonprofit organization, HoodSpace. A play on the name of the popular Headspace app, HoodSpace seeks to empower women in Chicago through meditation, yoga and sport. Gorden is currently raising funds for HoodSpace via GoFundMe, with a goal of creating camps and clinics.
“Just being in the city and seeing the violence and everything that systemic racism has created, it made me think that maybe we can really help each individual process it and potentially heal,” she said. “Obviously, we all have different parts in this fight -- fighting systemic racism. And I didn’t feel as though my fight was within the system, but more so in the individual.”
With the Red Stars since 2016, Gorden is a mom, something of a rarity in the National Women’s Soccer League. Other NWSL mothers include Utah's Amy Rodriguez and North Carolina's Jessica McDonald. Gorden said that having a son makes it all the more important for her to act in the moment.
“I’ve said it before, this is absolutely a life or death matter. We’re fighting for the future of our kids. And so, yes, 100%, it’s part of the reason I’m so passionate about all of this, because it will affect the future of our children," she said.
It wasn't always easy for Gorden, navigating her post-college professional career in soccer. She found solace in her own practice of yoga and mediation. It has also helped her navigate the uncertainties of COVID-19.
The coronavirus forced the NWSL to shut down on March 12 when most teams had just opened training camp for the season.
The NWSL became the first professional team sports league to return in the United States when it staged the Challenge Cup tournament in a bubble in Utah. The Red Stars made it to the final, but lost 2-0 to the Houston Dash for the title.
Currently teams are back in local markets, where they are playing a series of regional games this fall. Coming off a 4-1 win over Sky Blue on Sunday, the Red Stars face the Washington Spirit in a nationally broadcast match Saturday.
In a predominately white sport, Gorden is among the Black players in the NWSL who have formed a coalition to address racial injustice. Organized by Sky Blue's Midge Purce, one of the group’s first acts was to call out Utah Royal’s owner Dell Loy Hansen after reports surfaced that he made racist comments. Hansen later apologized and announced his intention to sell the team.
“Having a place to go to, where people understand what you’re going through, what you’re fighting for is important," Gorden said about the coalition. "So even just that aspect is important. We’re in the process of figuring out what exactly we want to accomplish. I definitely don’t want to speak too soon or give away anything, but with Dell Loy Hansen, making our first statement was important.”
Spurred by Gorden, the Red Stars made a point of highlighting mental health issues during the Challenge Cup. The team and its supporters raised nearly $16,000 for Get Yo Mind Right and Healthy Hood Chicago.
“For a lot of us, it’s never been performative. It’s always been about making change because either we are Black or we have Black family, we have Black friends, or we’re just passionate about equality. And so it was always just a matter of time when I was going to launch my nonprofit," Gorden said. “I knew I wanted to bring something to the community and have some sort of impact somewhere. It was just a matter of finding where specifically I thought I could help.”
___
More AP soccer: https://apnews.com/Soccer and https://twitter.com/AP_Sports
Most Popular
1
After 130 years, Seattle-based Bartell Drugs chain sold for...
2
Travel planning for Kauai, Lanai, the Big Island amid...
3
Downward trend or 'uncontrolled spread' of COVID-19 in 41 states
4
Study: Seattle saw third largest drop in rent prices since...
5
Downtown Elephant Car Wash to close, neon sign donated to MOHAI
6
Seattle's Spider season is here, but don't be afraid, experts say
7
How South Seattle restaurants, bars plan to survive without...
View Comments
© 2020 Hearst Communications, Inc.
Logo
Return to Top
About
Privacy Notice
Your California Privacy Rights
Interest Based Ads
Terms of Use
Our Company
Careers
Advertising
Standards and Practices
Visual Ethics Guidelines
Anonymous Sources Policy
Correction Policy
Contact
Newsroom Contacts
Freelance for the P-I
Connect
Newsletters
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Hearst Newspapers
© Copyright
Hearst Seattle Media, LLC