https://4-h-canada.ca/privacy
About 4-HWho We AreOur PartnersOur MembersOur StaffThe 4-H PledgeGovernanceYouth Advisory Committee4-H Canada Board of DirectorsCanadian 4-H Foundation4-H Canada Annual General MeetingBlogPublicationsMediaCareersConnectFind a ClubAlumniShopDonateMembershipNewsletter Sign-upShow Your 4-H ColoursPrograms4-H Canada Science FairConferencesCitizenship CongressMembers ForumU.S. National 4-H ConferenceLeadership SummitClub to Club ExchangesHands to Larger ServiceCareers on the GrowAll OpportunitiesInternshipsCareer Development WebinarsGoing Global ExchangesProud to Bee a 4-H'erSteeped in SoilDiscover ScienceFind Your 4-H WingsScholarships and AwardsScholarshipsAll ScholarshipsL.E.A.D.AwardsDistinguished Alumni AwardVolunteer Leader of the Year2020 Leadership AwardsClub FundingBursariesWorld Dairy Expo CompetitionLeader ResourcesYouth SafetyCommit to Kids Volunteer TrainingVeseys FundraiserHealthy Living InitiativeMental HealthPhysical Health4-H BrandClub Logo Generator4-H LEARNS4-H Leaders Learn
You are hereHome
4-H Canada Privacy Policy
At 4-H Canada we are committed to protecting the privacy of our members, volunteer leaders, donors and industry partners, and support a general policy of openness about how we collect, use and disclose personal information.
The purpose of this Privacy Statement is to inform you about 4-H Canada’s practices relating to the collection, use and disclosure of personal information which may be collected by us through your signing up for programs such as but not limited to “4-H LEARNS”, “Club 1913”, “Careers on the Grow”, 4-H Canada newsletters, 4-H Canada programs or opportunities, and donation campaigns.  A separate privacy policy applies to our employees, volunteers, contract staff, directors and trustees when they are working on behalf of 4-H Canada. It requires them to uphold the principles and practices described in this Privacy Statement. The application of this Privacy Statement is subject to applicable laws including legislation, regulations, and the orders or lawful requests of any courts or other lawful authorities.
By filling out the forms, participating in our events, or using our website, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information (as defined below) and, if applicable, the personal information of your child or ward in accordance with the following terms and conditions.
This Privacy Statement also explains how you can contact us if you have a question about, want to make a change to or delete any personal information that 4-H Canada may be holding about you or, if applicable, your child or ward.  We strongly recommend that you take the time to read this Privacy Statement and retain it for future reference.
Personal Information
For the purpose of this Privacy Statement, “personal information” means any information, recorded in any form, about an identified individual, or an individual whose identity may be inferred or determined from such information, but does not include information that is publically available, such as business contact information or information found in a telephone directory..
What Personal Information We Collect
4-H Canada collects personal information in order to screen applicants for opportunities, to help effectively and safely provide activities, programs and events for 4-H Canada members, and to market to and keep members and alumni updated on 4-H Canada opportunities.  This information includes but is not limited to contact information (such as name, address, e-mail address and telephone numbers), age, skills and educational background, employment history, volunteer experience, proof of identity (such as a signature), police reference checks, references and information on medical conditions, allergies and emergency contacts.
4-H Canada also collects financial information (such as credit card information and banking information on personal cheques) from members and volunteers to pay for opportunities and donations.
How We Use Your Personal Information
Personal information that is collected by 4-H Canada or its representatives is only used for 4-H purposes. 4-H Canada uses your personal information to facilitate communication with you through mailings, newsletters, announcements of upcoming events and opportunities, in connection with fundraising requests, to manage our relationship with our members, volunteer leaders, donors and industry partners, to meet any legal or regulatory requirements and for other purposes consistent with the above. 4-H Canada uses health information in order to help ensure the proper response to any health situation that may arise during our opportunities or events. 4-H Canada uses financial information only to complete a given transaction.
The personal information that we collect may be assigned to a successor entity in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, sale of assets or other corporate change respecting 4-H Canada or our website.
Any questions about how 4-H Canada uses your personal information should be directed to info@4-h-canada.ca.
When We Disclose Your Personal Information
4-H Canada does not disclose personal information to individuals, organizations or corporations outside of 4-H Canada at any time or for any reason, except with the consent of the individual member or:
as required or authorized by law or by order or requirement of a court, administrative agency or other governmental tribunal;
where we believe, upon reasonable grounds, that it is necessary to protect the rights, privacy, safety or property of an identifiable person or group;
where it is necessary to permit us to pursue available remedies or limit any damages that we may sustain; or
where the information being disclosed or used is in the public domain.
Where 4-H Canada is obliged or permitted to disclose information without consent, we will not disclose more information than is minimally required in the applicable circumstances.
4-H Canada does not sell or rent your personal information to other organizations.
4-H Canada may share personal information with third parties engaged to assist us in providing services to you or to carry out one or more of the purposes described above. These third parties include, but are not limited to, provincial 4-H councils and foundations who are affiliated with 4-H Canada. These service providers are prohibited from using such personal information for any purpose other than to provide this assistance and are required to protect personal information disclosed by 4-H Canada and to comply with the general privacy principles described in this Privacy Statement.
Knowledge and Consent
4-H Canada collects personal information about you or, if applicable, your child or ward only when you voluntarily provide it.  Typically, we will seek consent for the use or disclosure of such personal information at the time of collection.  In certain circumstances, consent may be sought after the information has been collected but before use (for example, when we want to use information for a purpose not previously identified).
The form of consent that we seek, including whether it is express or implied, will largely depend on the sensitivity of the personal information and the reasonable expectations of the individual in the circumstances. When you fill out a 4-H Canada form, for instance, you imply that we may use that information for the purpose for which you filled out the form.
4-H Canada keeps a record of members’ history with the organization, including participation in 4-H Canada activities and events. By participating in a 4-H Canada opportunity or becoming a member of 4-H Canada, you acknowledge that we may keep this record and consent to such retention, so that if your membership becomes inactive and you later decide to rejoin, 4-H Canada will still have your previous membership history on file. We will not use this information for any other purpose except with your consent.
You may withdraw consent to the collection, use or disclosure of your personal information at any time, subject to legal restrictions (such as information kept to protect 4-H Canada from liability) and reasonable notice. If you wish to withdraw your consent, please email info@4-h-canada.ca. We will inform you of the implications of withdrawing consent as appropriate.
4-H Canada does not, as a condition of participation, require you to consent to the collection, use or disclosure of information beyond that required to fulfill the explicitly specified and legitimate purposes for which the information is being provided.
From time to time, we may communicate with you via email. If you do not wish further communication via email, you can to opt out of receiving communication from us via email. You can opt out of receiving any type of emails from us at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the email or by contacting us at info@4-h-canada.ca or call us at 1-844-759-1013.
Collection, Use of Disclosure of the Personal Information of Youth Members
4-H Canada may periodically contact youth members directly to ask for their ideas, opinions, and feedback and to provide information about upcoming events. If you do not wish for 4-H Canada to contact your child/ward you may withhold permission or retract it at any time. If you wish to retract permission please contact info@4-h-canada.ca.
4-H Canada will not disclose personal information of our youth members without the express consent of a parent or guardian, except where required by law.
How We Protect Your Personal Information
While 4-H Canada cannot guarantee complete protection of your personal information, 4-H Canada follows commercially reasonable practices to protect personal information collected from you against loss and unauthorized access. This protection applies in relation to information stored in both electronic and hard copy form. Access to your personal information is restricted to selected employees. In addition, 4-H Canada employs commercially reasonable information security techniques, such as firewalls, access control procedures and encryption, to protect personal information against loss and unauthorized access.
All online transactions and donations on our website occur through a safe, private, and secure system that protects your personal information.
Retention of Your Personal Information
4-H Canada retains your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected. In some cases, it is necessary for 4-H Canada to retain personal information for longer, in order to protect 4-H Canada from liability in the event of a dispute. Unless you explicitly withdraw your consent, we will retain your name and contact information following participation in an opportunity or the end of your active membership, so that we may archive your participation in the organization.
When you explicitly withdraw your consent to us retaining your personal information, or your personal information is no longer necessary or relevant for the identified purposes, or is not required to be retained by applicable laws, 4-H Canada will take steps to have it deleted, destroyed, erased, aggregated or made anonymous. 4-H Canada uses reasonable business practices to ensure we have adequate controls, schedules and practices for information and records retention and destruction, which apply to your personal information.
Website
4-H Canada is the sole owner of the information collected on the 4-H Canada website. We will not sell, trade, or rent information gathered from our website to others.
If you visit the 4-H Canada website, and do not actively provide any personal information, 4-H Canada still stores certain information automatically, via the placement of a text file called a “cookie” in the browser directory of your computer’s hard drive. The cookie cannot be read by any website other than the one that set up the cookies. If you choose to modify your browser to disable cookies, some pages of this website may not function properly.
4-H Canada will only collect and store the following information about your visit to our website:
The Internet domain from which you accessed the 4-H Canada site;
The type of browser and operating system you are using;
Your IP address (an IP address is a number that is assigned to your computer automatically and required for using the Internet);
The general geographic area associated with an IP address;
The date and time of your visit and the time spent on our website ;
The pages within the 4-H Canada site that you visit and the information you searched for;
The response rates to online or e-mail advertising and other relevant information about your online experience; and
If you linked to another website from the 4-H Canada site, the address of that site.
4-H Canada uses this information to count the number of visitors to our web pages, in order to make the site more useful to our members and visitors. You should be aware that operators of linked websites may also collect your personal information (including information generated through the use of cookies) when you link to their websites. 4-H Canada is not responsible for how such third parties collect, use or disclose your personal information, so it is important to familiarize yourself with their privacy policies before providing them with your personal information.
Changes to this Privacy Statement
4-H Canada reserves the right to modify this Privacy Statement at any time. The Privacy Statement posted on the 4-H Canada website shall be deemed to be the Privacy Statement in effect. A current copy of the Privacy Statement can be obtained at any time by contacting: info@4-h-canada.ca.
From time to time, we may use your personal information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in this Privacy Statement. If our use of your personal information changes at some time in the future, we will post the changes to our website to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your personal information is used, you should check back at our website periodically.
Correcting or Updating Your Information
You can help us maintain the accuracy of your personal information, or the personal information of your child or ward, by notifying us of any changes to this information. You may contact 4-H Canada to request access to, correct or update your personal information.
Access to your personal information will be provided within a reasonable business timeframe unless access is declined for one of the reasons described below. We reserve the right to decline access to personal information where:
The identity of the person requesting access cannot be confirmed.
The personal information is not readily retrievable and the burden or cost of providing it would be disproportionate to the nature or value of the information.
The requested personal information does not exist, is not held, or cannot be found.
Disclosure of the personal information would compromise the confidentiality of another individual or threaten the safety of another person.
Non-disclosure of the personal information is required or permitted by law.
We will make reasonable business efforts to comply with a request to delete your personal information as long as technological restraints or legal constraints do not limit our ability to fulfill the deletion request.
Where a request for access, alteration, or deletion of personal information is declined, the individual making the request will be provided with the reasons for declining the request.
Contacting Us
In the event that you have any questions about 4-H Canada’s Privacy Statement or if you have reason to believe that 4-H Canada may have failed to adhere to this Privacy Statement, you may contact 4-H Canada at info@4-h-canada.ca. If you no longer wish to receive emails from 4-H Canada please send notification by email to info@4-h-canada.ca including the email address you do not want to be contacted at.
By postal mail:
4-H Canada
960 Carling Avenue, Building 106
Ottawa, ON K1A 0C6
By phone: 1-844-759-1013
Français
About 4-H
Connect
Programs
Scholarships and Awards
Leader Resources
What's Happening
COVID-19 Update from 4-H Canada
Learn More
Register for the 4-H Canada Science Fair
January 11, 2021
Learn More
Nominate your leader for the National Volunteer Leader of the Year Award
December 30, 2020
Learn More
Order a free Proud to Bee a 4-H'er activity kit for at-home exploring
Learn More
Connect With 4-H Canada
JoinDonateBlogShop
Tweets by @4HCanada