https://about.att.com/sites/privacy_policy
People | Planet | Possibilities
AT&T Corporate Citizenship & Sustainability
Your Privacy Center
Your Privacy Center
check icon Your Choices, Tips & Tune- Ups
Privacy Choices
Tips & Tune-Ups
Contact Us
report icon AT&T Privacy Policy
Introduction
When This Policy Applies
The Information We Collect
How We Collect Your Information
How We Use Your Information
How We Share Your Information
Your Choices and Controls
Security
Data Storage and Retention
Other Privacy Information
map icon State Law Approach
California
Maine
globe icon Global Approach
AT&T Website User Global Privacy Notice
ATT Business Customer GDPR Privacy Notice
ATT Business Customer LGPD Privacy Notice
Aviso de Privacidade de Clientes Empresariais da AT&T nos termos da LGPD
AT&T Cross Border Transfer FAQ
AT&T Business Customer New Zealand Privacy Notice
stats icon Transparency Report
View on the web
Download the English PDF
Download the Spanish PDF
English
Español
Français
Português
Our Privacy Approach
You count on us to deliver the best entertainment and communication experiences in the world. You also count on us to protect your personal information. Privacy is fundamental to our business and we’re committed to:
Transparency - We’re open and honest about how we use your data.
Choice and Control - We give you choices about how we use your data.
Security - We use strong safeguards to keep your data confidential and secure.
Integrity - We do what we say.
We work hard to protect your information, to earn and maintain your trust, and to provide you with products and services that have privacy at the forefront. Your Privacy Center is designed to be a one-stop-shop for your privacy needs. Here, we explain our approach to privacy and data use – in simple language. You will also find helpful links to privacy choices, security tips, and much more.
Thank you for choosing us,
Tom Moore
Chief Privacy Officer
Data helps us create better, more reliable products, services and experiences.
Data helps us mobilize your world by creating dependable services and experiences. For example, data helps us with the planning and optimization of our smart network. It also helps us prevent bad customer experiences like dropped calls.
Data helps improve security and prevent fraud.
Data helps us and our third-party service partners strengthen network and device security and detect fraud, identity theft, and other ways that the bad guys try to hurt you and us.
Data helps improve programs for social good.
By using our resources, we make the world a better place. For example, data has helped us raise awareness of the risks of texting while driving. And data can help us make cities smarter by reducing traffic, pollution, and much more.
Data helps us customize offers for our products and services that may interest you.
Your information helps us not only power your products and services, it helps us communicate service updates and offers. Data allows us to offer you our best products and services.
×Looking for the old Privacy Policy?
You can access our old PDF download here .
×We've Updated Our Privacy Policy
On June 19th, we updated the section of our privacy policy on the California Consumer Privacy Act.
We added a description of how we verify your identity before processing your request to access or delete your data.
We added information about sources of data we collect and with whom we may share it.
We describe how you can designate an authorized agent to make your requests.
See the prior version of the Privacy Policy
Looking for the full Privacy Policy?
We’ve done our best to give you the high-level points in an easy-to-understand format on this site, but we understand that sometimes you want the full policy.
View the full Privacy Policy
Have questions about the Privacy Policy?
We encourage you to contact us directly for any questions about this Privacy Policy.
Email us
Sitemap
Your Choices, Tips & Tune-Ups
Privacy Choices
Tips & Tune-Ups
Contact Us
AT&T Privacy Policy
Introduction
The information we collect
How we collect your information
How we use your information
How we share your information
Your privacy choices and controls
Security
Data storage, transfer, retention and accuracy
Other privacy information
How to contact us about this policy
Recent updates
Global Approach
Website User GDPR Privacy Notice
ATT Business Customer GDPR Privacy Notice
Transparency Report
View on the web
Download the English PDF
Download the Spanish PDF
×