https://about.abc.net.au/how-the-abc-is-run/what-guides-us/privacy/privacy-collection-statement/
ABC Home
Open Sites menu
ABC Home
News
iview
TV
Radio
Kids
Shop
More
ABC Help
Making ABC Yours
Privacy at the ABC
ABC Privacy Policies and Statements
ABC
PRIVACY FAQs
Articles in this section
What has changed in the ABC Privacy Policy and Privacy Collection Statement?
ABC Privacy Policy
ABC Privacy Collection Statement
ABC Privacy Assurance
ABC Terms of Use
ABC Crowdsourcing Collection Statement
ABC Employee, Contractor and Supplier Policy
Register of Privacy Impact Assessments
The ABC is committed to protecting your privacy. We are bound by the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) and comply with our obligations under the Australian Privacy Principles.
We collect, hold, use and disclose your personal information when you:
Register for an ABC Account
When you register for an ABC Account, we may collect basic personal information including your username, password and email address. If you sign up for an ABC Account via another account such as Google or Facebook, we may also collect additional information including your name, gender and other profile data.
We may combine this information with data we collect about your use of our digital services, including behavioural and location data, and other information you provide to the ABC. This combined information may include data that we have already collected about you.
The data we collect is used to:
administer your ABC Account;
help us understand more about the composition, needs and behaviours of our audiences;
serve our audiences personalised and relevant content;
perform research and analysis aimed at improving our content and services; and
provide you with information about ABC activities, products, services and events that may be of interest to you.
Register your interest to participate as an ABC audience member
When you register your interest to participate as an ABC audience member, we may collect basic personal information including your name, gender and age. We may also collect contact details such as your email address and telephone number.
Some of the information we collect about you may be sensitive information, including information about your race or ethnicity, political opinions or affiliations, religious beliefs or affiliations, physical and mental health or sexuality. You consent to us collecting sensitive information which you provide to us voluntarily. We will treat it as personal information and handle it in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
The data we collect is used to:
administer your registration as an ABC audience member;
help us understand more about the composition of our audiences;
perform research and analysis aimed at improving our content and services; and
provide you with information about ABC activities, products, services and events that may be of interest to you.
Sign up to receive an ABC newsletter or enter a competition
When you sign up to receive an ABC newsletter or enter a competition or promotion, we may collect basic personal information such as your name, gender and age. We may also collect contact details such as your postal address, email address and telephone number, as well as the information or content that you may provide for a competition or event. When you sign up to receive an ABC newsletter, we may also ask you to provide other information about yourself, including your preferences and interests.
We may combine this information with data we collect about your use of our digital services, including behavioural and location data, and other information you provide to the ABC. This combined information may include data that we have already collected about you.
The data we collect is used to:
administer your registration for an ABC newsletter, event, competition or campaign;
help us understand more about the composition, needs and behaviours of our audiences;
serve our audiences with personalised and relevant content;
perform research and analysis aimed at improving our content and services; and
provide you with information about ABC activities, products, services and events that may be of interest to you.
Contribute your content, questions or views
When you contribute your content, questions or views we may collect basic personal information such as your name, gender and age. We may also collect contact details such as your postal address, email address and telephone number, as well as the information or content that you provide as part of the user generated content.
Some of the information we collect about you may be sensitive information, including information about your race or ethnicity, political opinions or affiliations, religious beliefs or affiliations, physical or mental health or sexuality. You consent to us collecting sensitive information which you provide to us voluntarily. We will treat it as personal information and handle it in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
The data we collect is used to:
enhance our content and services using your contributions;
perform research and analysis aimed at improving our content and services;
help us understand more about the composition of our audiences; and
manage our relationship with you, including providing you with information about ABC activities, products, services and events that may be of interest to you.
Participate in research or surveys
When you participate in research or surveys, we may collect basic personal information such as your name, gender and age. We may also collect contact details such as your email address and telephone number, as well as the specific information that you provide in relation to the research being conducted.
Some of the information we collect about you may be sensitive information, including information about your race or ethnicity, physical or mental health or sexuality. You consent to us collecting sensitive information which you provide to us voluntarily. We will treat it as personal information and handle it in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
The data we collect is used to:
conduct surveys;
perform research and analysis aimed at improving our content and services;
help us understand more about the composition, needs and behaviours of our audiences; and
manage our relationship with you, including providing you with information about ABC activities, products, services and events that may be of interest to you.
We only disclose your personal information as described in our Privacy Policy, and you consent to these disclosures. We may disclose personal information about you to third party service providers such as technology service providers, security service providers, ABC online store fulfilment partners, delivery service providers, marketing and promotions service providers and analytics service providers.
We allow some third parties to use cookies and other technologies to collect data about your use of our digital services so that they can provide us with marketing, promotions, analytics and ratings services. We also disclose the data we collect about your use of our digital services to third parties so that they can provide services to us and so that we can serve you with more personalised and relevant content. Some third parties may be able to match this data with personal information they already have about you.
Some of our third party service providers have servers located overseas including but not limited to New Zealand, Singapore, the UK, the Netherlands, Ireland, Israel, India, Canada and the USA. We require that our service providers have appropriate controls to protect your personal information and that they only use your information for authorised purposes.
You don’t have to give us all the information we ask you to provide, but this may limit how we interact with you, and which services we can provide.
You have a right to access any personal information we hold and may ask us to update or correct your personal information. For more information on how you can access your personal information or contact us with any questions or privacy related complaints, please see our Privacy Policy or contact us at privacy.abc@abc.net.au.
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
ABC Help
Contact the ABC
© 2019 ABC