https://about.att.com/csr/home/privacy/rights_choices.html
People | Planet | Possibilities
AT&T Corporate Citizenship & Sustainability
Your Privacy Center
Your Privacy Center
check icon Your Choices, Tips & Tune- Ups
Privacy Choices
Tips & Tune-Ups
Contact Us
report icon AT&T Privacy Policy
Introduction
When This Policy Applies
The Information We Collect
How We Collect Your Information
How We Use Your Information
How We Share Your Information
Your Choices and Controls
Security
Data Storage and Retention
Other Privacy Information
map icon State Law Approach
California
Maine
globe icon Global Approach
AT&T Website User Global Privacy Notice
ATT Business Customer GDPR Privacy Notice
ATT Business Customer LGPD Privacy Notice
Aviso de Privacidade de Clientes Empresariais da AT&T nos termos da LGPD
AT&T Cross Border Transfer FAQ
AT&T Business Customer New Zealand Privacy Notice
stats icon Transparency Report
View on the web
Download the English PDF
Download the Spanish PDF
English
Español
Français
Português
Your Choices, Tips & Tune-Ups
You have privacy rights and choices, and we take them seriously. We’re here to help you discover them, so you can make better decisions, because we can’t think of any better hands to manage your privacy than your own.
Privacy Choices Tips & Tune-Ups Contact Us
Privacy Choices Arrow
Your choices, tips & tune-ups
You are in control. You have choices about how we use your information and contact you.
Manage privacy choices
Marketing & advertising choicesicon button
You are in control. You have choices about how we contact you and how we use your data. For example, you can choose whether your data is used and shared to send you advertising that is relevant to your interests. And you can choose whether it’s used in aggregate reports to provide consumer insights to business customers. These reports don’t identify individuals.
California residents: These requests apply to
and
.
Xandr is AT&T’s advertising company. To learn more about Xandr’s privacy practices and policies, visit their Platform Privacy Policy.
Access or Delete My Personal Informationicon button
California residents can see additional choices about their information, including the right to access or delete their personal information.
Do Not Sell My Personal Informationicon button
Unless you give us explicit permission, we don’t sell data that directly identifies you. We may sell data among the AT&T companies or to other companies. When we do, it’s for limited reasons with strict privacy controls. As a California resident, you can make choices about that sharing.
For more information about your choices and preferences, please see the Choices & Controls section of the Privacy Policy.
Tips & Tune-Ups Arrow
Privacy Tips, Security Tips, and Tune Ups
We’re committed to helping you stay safe and secure anywhere you use our products and services on your phone, on your devices and online.
Check list IconFraud:
Protect yourself from fraud and guard against identity theft.
more Arrow Right
document iconCyber Aware:
Learn about cyberfraud prevention and cybersecurity.
more Arrow Right
locknwrench iconSmart Controls and Parental Controls:
Find more information about children’s safety and parental controls.
more Arrow Right
shield iconDownload AT&T Internet Security Suite powered by McAfee:
Help protect your computer from malware, viruses, and hackers.
more Arrow Right
If you have any questions about these tips, please email us at privacypolicy@att.com. icon button
Contact Arrow
Contact Us
We want to hear from you. Contact us directly for any questions you have about privacy:
Email Icon Email us at privacypolicy@att.comOr write to us at
Office IconAT&T Privacy Policy, Chief Privacy Office
208 S. Akard, Room 1031
Dallas, TX 75202.
For questions not related to privacy, go to the “Contact Us” link at the bottom of any att.com page. You also can access your online account from the upper right hand corner of our home page at att.com for additional service options.
×We've Updated Our Privacy Policy
On June 19th, we updated the section of our privacy policy on the California Consumer Privacy Act.
We added a description of how we verify your identity before processing your request to access or delete your data.
We added information about sources of data we collect and with whom we may share it.
We describe how you can designate an authorized agent to make your requests.
See the prior version of the Privacy Policy
Looking for the full Privacy Policy?
We’ve done our best to give you the high-level points in an easy-to-understand format on this site, but we understand that sometimes you want the full policy.
View the full Privacy Policy
Have questions about the Privacy Policy?
We encourage you to contact us directly for any questions about this Privacy Policy.
Email us
Sitemap
Your Choices, Tips & Tune-Ups
Privacy Choices
Tips & Tune-Ups
Contact Us
AT&T Privacy Policy
Introduction
The information we collect
How we collect your information
How we use your information
How we share your information
Your privacy choices and controls
Security
Data storage, transfer, retention and accuracy
Other privacy information
How to contact us about this policy
Recent updates
Global Approach
Website User GDPR Privacy Notice
ATT Business Customer GDPR Privacy Notice
Transparency Report
View on the web
Download the English PDF
Download the Spanish PDF
×