https://advocatesforyouth.org/privacy-policy/
Press enter to search
Home
About
Issues
Resources & Tools
Media
Shop
Take Action
Donate
Take Action
Join the movement of young people working to protect our health and lives
Our Campaigns
Get involved in our campaigns and help ensure young people's health and rights.
arrow-grid
Donate now
Support youth activists working for reproductive and sexual health and rights.
arrow-grid
Sign up
Get text and email updates
arrow-grid
Share
Privacy Policy
Your Privacy on Advocates for Youth’s Web Site
Advocates for Youth wants this website to be a safe and private place for users. Advocates for Youth does not collect personal, identifiable information from you and about you. Advocates for Youth’s website logs IP addresses for systems administration purposes and these logs may be analyzed to improve the value of the materials available on the site. However, Advocates for Youth does not link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable. A user’s session will be logged, but the user will be anonymous. Further, connections to Advocates for Youth’s server are encrypted by a Secure Socket Layer.
Advocates uses trusted third parties. These third parties comply with all industry standards to help protect your privacy. Action Network manages Advocates’ contact and email database. To read Action Network’s privacy policy, click here. Salesforce manages Advocates’ donor database. To read Salesforce’s privacy policy, click here. WePay processes contributions made via Advocates’ website. To read WePay’s privacy policy, please click here.
Advocates for Youth asks that you do your part as well. When you write to Advocates or send a submission to publish on the website, do not give your name or the name of other users or of your friends. Keep out all personal information that could be used to identify you or your friends or others. Registration, polling, e-mail or chat data, along with tabulations of where website users are visiting the most, will be compiled into statistics to inform Advocates about your needs and interests. Advocates also may share this statistical information with writers, website writers, media and outside experts, to help improve the site to meet users’ needs and interests.
Advocates for Youth maintains message boards to provide a place for people to share information and ideas. Advocates cannot, however, vouch for the character or safety of anyone who uses these boards. Please remember that people on the Internet may not always be who or what they say they are. Also, remember that, if you post your E-mail address, others can send you mail and find out other information about you even after you sign off. Finally, although Advocates will not sell your name and Internet address to others without your permission, other people may be able to collect this information if you sign on to post it on a public board.
Advocates for Youth maintains mailing lists to keep individuals and organizations informed about the work of this organization. Advocates does not sell, rent, or otherwise exchange these lists. This policy extends to Advocates’ donor list, which is not shared with other organizations.
Information provided via Advocates for Youth’s Email Alert signup form is stored in a secure database hosted by Action Network. A limited number of Advocates for Youth staff has access to the database Based on the user’s selection of which newsletter(s) to receive, Advocates will periodically email said newsletter(s) to the email address the user provided. The user can unsubscribe from any or all newsletters by way of the “manage your preferences” or “opt out” links at the bottom of each email. Users’ information will never be sold. Based on the information supplied to Advocates in the signup form, user names and email addresses may be shared with trusted partners engaged in campaigns whose content or location matches a user’s interest, unless otherwise requested.
If you make a donation to Advocates for Youth, your contact information will be added to our donor mailing list retained in a secure Salesforce database. You will receive occasional mailings and e-mails from Advocates’ development department, unless you “opt-out” of mailings and/or e-mails. You can review or update the information in your donor record at any time by contacting info@advocatesforyouth.org or by clicking on the Contact Us link on the website.
Information provided to Advocates for Youth staff by way of contacting info@advocatesforyouth.org or any other @advocatesforyouth.org address is treated with confidentiality and is only shared among staff members as needed in order to best assist the user.
Sign up for Updates