https://advocatesforyouth.org/terms-of-use/
Press enter to search
Home
About
Issues
Resources & Tools
Media
Shop
Take Action
Donate
Take Action
Join the movement of young people working to protect our health and lives
Our Campaigns
Get involved in our campaigns and help ensure young people's health and rights.
arrow-grid
Donate now
Support youth activists working for reproductive and sexual health and rights.
arrow-grid
Sign up
Get text and email updates
arrow-grid
Share
Terms of Use
NOTICE: This Web site is provided by Advocates for Youth subject to your agreement to comply with the “Terms of Use.” Please read the “Terms of Use” now and check occasionally for future modifications.
Introduction
Advocates for Youth provides you with the resources on this site for your personal education and entertainment, but nothing on this site constitutes a recommendation for medical care, nor does Advocates make a warranty of any kind in terms of their appropriateness for individual online users. The mission of Advocates for Youth is to create programs and promote policies that help young people make informed and responsible decisions about their sexual health. Advocates for Youth provides information, training, and advocacy to youth-serving organizations, policy makers, and the media in the U.S. & internationally.
Copyright
The entire Advocates for Youth Web site is protected by copyright under U.S. law. Certain articles or materials within the site are also separately copyrighted by Advocates as indicated. All rights reserved. If you find the materials useful, you may download, print out, or send a copy to another so long as each copy indicates the appropriate copyright notice—© 2001, Advocates for Youth—and is only for personal use. But it is absolutely prohibited to reprint or electronically reproduce any text, document, graphic, or audio or visual material in quantity or for commercial use. For special copyright permissions, or to purchase Advocates’ publications and products, please write to:
Advocates for Youth
2000 M Street NW, Suite 750
Washington, DC 20036.
Rights.Respect.Responsibility.® and the logo are registered trademarks of Advocates for Youth.
Information provided on Advocates for Youth’s Web site does not constitute medical, legal, or other professional advice. Information provided or discussed on Advocates for Youth’s Web site, E-mail, message boards, or chat rooms does not constitute medical, legal or otherwise professional advice. The information contained in the Advocates for Youth Web site or any transmission or response to a message from you, the sender, is not intended nor implied to qualify as medical advice, diagnosis of a medical condition or treatment for any medical condition. Any questions discussed via a chat room, message board, or E-mail should not be construed as psychological counseling or any emotional or mental health diagnosis or treatment. We are not medical professionals. Neither Advocates for Youth nor the Advocates for Youth Web site imparts, dispenses, or offers either directly or indirectly, medical advice as part of this service. Users should always visit or speak to a qualified health service provider in person before starting any new treatment or with any individual questions or concerns regarding a medical condition.
In addition, nothing from Advocates for Youth or the Advocates for Youth Web site is intended to be or constitutes legal advice, and users should always seek the advice of an appropriate attorney or professional regarding individual questions or concerns of a legal or professional nature.
Disclaimer of Warranty and Liability
Advocates assumes no liability for any diagnosis, treatment decision, or action taken based on information found on the Advocates for Youth Web site or any other Web sites linked to it in any way. Advocates does not assume any responsibility for and is not liable for any risk for your use of the Advocates for Youth or the Internet.
Advocates does not make any express or implied warranties, representations, or endorsements in any way in connection with the Advocates for Youth Web site, other Web sites connected to the Advocates for Youth Web site by hyperlink, or the Internet in general (including without limitation, warranties of title or non-infringement, or the implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose). It is understood by you, the user, except for information clearly identified as being from the Advocates for Youth, Advocates does not review, operate or control any material, information, products or services on the Internet, including electronic transmissions from other users or materials connected to the Advocates for Youth Web site through hyperlinks in any way.
Under no circumstances shall Advocates be liable for injury, loss, claim, damage, or any incidental or consequential damages arising either directly or indirectly out of or in any way connected with the Advocates for Youth Web site, or any failure or delay in updating or including any information or materials on the Advocates for Youth Web site, or any use of or inability to use any materials on the Advocates for Youth Web site, even if Advocates has been advised of the possibility of such damages. (Some states do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties or the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental and consequential damages, so the above exclusions may not apply to you.)
Your Privacy on Advocates for Youth’s Web Site
Advocates for Youth does not collect personal, identifiable information from you and about you. Please refer to our Privacy Policy for more details.
Submission of materials by Users
When you submit a question, article or other materials to Advocates through the Web site, you are authorizing Advocates to read it, edit it and publish it on the Web site, where it can be read all over the world and downloaded and copied. Do not submit anything if you do not want your question, article, or materials posted and read by others. Before posting any question, work or material to the Web site, Advocates will edit it to make the content clear and to protect your anonymity. Make sure before you submit anything to Advocates that you have removed any personal information that could be used to identify you or others mentioned in your submission. Advocates is not obligated to and makes no representation that it will publish any particular submission. All material you submit must be original work. Once a submission is published on the Web site, Advocates may take it down for any or no reason.
Waiver of Responsibility for Defective or Contaminated Material
Although Advocates makes every effort to ensure the correctness of data, Advocates disclaims responsibility for any errors or omissions, such as unintended inaccuracies or typographical errors, in the materials. You also understand that Advocates cannot and does not guarantee or warrant that files available for downloading through the service will be free of “infection” or “viruses,” “worms,” “Trojan horses,” or other code that manifest contaminating or destructive properties. Users are responsible for implementing sufficient procedures and checkpoints to satisfy their particular requirements for accuracy of data input and output, and for maintaining a procedure outside of the Advocates Web site for the reconstruction of any lost data. Use of the Advocates for Youth Web site and the Internet generally is at the User’s own risk.
Legal Actions
These terms and conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of District of Columbia, U.S.A., and you agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the courts of the District of Columbia. In the event that any portion of these terms and conditions is deemed by a court as invalid, the remaining provisions shall remain in full force and effect. You agree that regardless of any statute of law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to this Web site, or the use of this Web site, must be filed within one year after such claim or cause of action arose and must be filed in a court in the District of Columbia, U.S.A.
User Rules
In order to maintain an informative and valuable service that meets the needs of the viewers and avoids harm to others, it is necessary to establish and for you to follow these User Rules:
The User may download, print or transmit information from the Advocates for Youth Web site for personal, private use. However, the User must make sure that the proper copyright notice—©2002, Advocates for Youth —is included on each copy transmitted or printed and in no case may the materials be reproduced in quantity or for commercial use without express, written permission from: Advocates for Youth, 2000 M Street NW, Suite 750, Washington, DC 20036.
Users may not submit or transmit any message that is libelous or defamatory, or violates any other person’s copyright, privacy or publicity rights, trademark, trade secrets, or rights in other confidential information. The User indemnifies Advocates for any and all damages suffered by third parties as a result of the User’s violation of this paragraph.
Users may not submit or transmit any message, data, image, or program with the intent to threaten the safety of others or to cause others to feel that they are being threatened.
Advocates does not intend to discourage Users from taking controversial positions expressing vigorously what may be unpopular views; however Advocates reserves the right to take such actions as it deems appropriate in cases where the site is inappropriately used to disseminate statements or materials that are reasonably construed as abusive, destructive, harmful, or threatening to the safety of others.
Users may not interfere with other Users’ use of the Advocates for Youth Web site, including, without limitation, disrupting the normal flow or use of the service.
Users may not post or transmit any file which contains “viruses,” “worms,” “Trojan horse” or any other contaminating or destructive features.
It is Advocates’ general policy to protect the privacy of the persons transmitting any messages to Advocates. However, Advocates reserves the right to reproduce and distribute part of or all of a message without compensation to the User so long as any identifying information is deleted.
Sign up for Updates