http://americansguide.ca/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy – American's Guide To Canada
Skip to content
Search for:
Search
American's Guide To Canada
Home
History
American
About
Cancon
General
Isms
How
Immig
Jargon
Statistics
Picture
Sport
Thrills
Privacy Policy
Contact us
Privacy Policy
HomePrivacy Policy
Who we areOur website address is: http://americansguide.ca.What personal data we collect and why we collect itCommentsWhen visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.MediaIf you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.Contact formsCookiesIf you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select "Remember Me", your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.Embedded content from other websitesArticles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.AnalyticsWho we share your data withHow long we retain your dataIf you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.What rights you have over your dataIf you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.Where we send your dataVisitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.Your contact informationAdditional informationHow we protect your dataWhat data breach procedures we have in placeWhat third parties we receive data fromWhat automated decision making and/or profiling we do with user dataIndustry regulatory disclosure requirements
Search for:
Search
About Us Canada’s history is briefly summarized by the government of Canada, on their history fact sheet. Canada was confederated (founded) in 1867. Sir John A. Macdonald, the “Father of Confederation,” was the first Prime Minister. Jean Chrétien is the current one. Other Canadian historical links include the following:  Yahoo! Canada’s Canadian history links Oh Canada!
Categories
No categories
Recent Comments
About I started this page as part of my personal Web site in 1994 because people from both sides of the border kept asking me, “What’s different about living in Canada?” Since then, the site seems to have taken on a life of its own. Yahoo! Canada once listed it among their “Quirkily Canadian” sites. Netscape featured it on their “What’s new” page on October 7, 1996
LIVING IN CANADA Web site. It was named the Canuck Site of the Day by Maplesquare.com for July 21, 1999. It was featured in Access magazine (published throughout the United States) during the summer of 2000. I was interviewed about the site on CBC Radio One on Canada Day, July 1, 1999, and on CTV Newsnet on Canada Day, 2000. Whee!
National Obsession Canada’s history is briefly summarized by the government of Canada, on their history fact sheet. Canada was confederated (founded) in 1867. Sir John A. Macdonald, the “Father of Confederation,” was the first Prime Minister. Jean Chrétien is the current one. Other Canadian historical links include the following:  Yahoo! Canada’s Canadian history links Oh Canada!
Search
Search for:
Search
Copyright © All right reserved
Created By:
Rise Themes