https://animalso.com/privacy-policy/
You are here: Home / Privacy Policy & DisclaimerDisclaimer
Animalso.com does not intend to provide veterinary advice. We go to great lengths to help users better understand their dogs; however, all Content on this site:
is provided for informational purposes only,
is not a substitute for professional veterinary advice, care, diagnosis or treatment, and
is not designed to promote or endorse any veterinary practice, program or agenda or any veterinary tests, products or procedures.
You should not use any Content for diagnosing or treating a condition that requires veterinary attention. You should carefully read all information provided by the manufacturers of any products advertised or promoted on or through the Site and displayed on or in the associated product packaging and labels before purchasing and/or using such products. If you have or suspect that your dog needs medical assistance, you should contact your veterinarian through appropriate means. You agree that you will not under any circumstances disregard any professional veterinary advice or delay in seeking such advice in reliance on any Content provided on or through the Site. Reliance on any such Content is solely at your own risk.
Amazon Associates Program
Animalso.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com, Amazon.ca and Amazon.co.uk
Amazon and the Amazon logo are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc., or its affiliates
Privacy Policy
Animalso.com (“Animalso”) operates Animalso.com and may operate other websites. It is Animalso’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Animalso collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Animalso’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Animalso’s visitors use its website. From time to time, Animalso may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Animalso also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on Animalso.com blogs/sites. Animalso only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Animalso’s websites choose to interact with Animalso in ways that require Animalso to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Animalso gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at Animalso.com to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Animalso are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Animalso collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Animalso. Animalso does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Animalso may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. Animalso may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Animalso does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Animalso discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Animalso’s behalf or to provide services available at Animalso’s websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Animalso’s websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Animalso will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Animalso discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Animalso believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Animalso, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an Animalso website and have supplied your email address, Animalso may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with Animalso and our products. If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Animalso takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Animalso uses cookies to help Animalso identify and track visitors, their usage of Animalso website, and their website access preferences. Animalso visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Animalso’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of Animalso’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Animalso, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Animalso goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur and that any acquirer of Animalso may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Advertising
This Site is affiliated with CMI Marketing, Inc., d/b/a CafeMedia (“CafeMedia”) for the purposes of placing advertising on the Site, and CafeMedia will collect and use certain data for advertising purposes. To learn more about CafeMedia’s data usage, click here: www.cafemedia.com/publisher-advertising-privacy-policy.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Animalso may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Animalso’s sole discretion. Animalso encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a Animalso.com account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Recent Posts
Top 15 Best Dog House Heaters for 2020What important questions to ask a dog breeder?All About Musical Canine Freestyle (Dog Dancing)Unilateral Hip Dysplasia in Dogs (Nutrition, Excercise, and Pain Relief)Can Dogs Eat Watermelon (and Watermelon Rind)?Can dogs get the coronavirus (COVID-19)?Can Dogs Eat Pineapple?
Affiliate Disclosure
Animalso.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com.
Navigation
About Us
Contacts
Privacy Policy & Disclaimer