https://bookadventure.com/privacy-policy/
PRIVACY POLICY
Effective date: May 25, 2018
Synergy 1 Group, Inc. (hereafter called “Synergy 1” “us” or “we”) knows online privacy is a big deal and incredibly important to our users. You care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This Privacy Policy describes just how we collect and use personal information collected from you through the online and/or mobile services, websites, and software provided on or in connection with www.SpellingClassroom.com, www.BookTaco.com, www.BookAdventure.com, and www.GradeSpelling.com (collectively, the “Programs”), which are offered through the Programs, mobile applications associated with the Programs, and any other Synergy 1 websites, apps or online services that link to this Privacy Policy. “You” or “your” means a visitor or a user (whether signed in or not) of our Programs. Your use of the Programs is conditioned on your acceptance of this policy.
Approach to Privacy
Synergy 1 collects information in a number of different ways in order to provide a completely personalized education experience for each child, and to provide real-time reporting and assessment features to teachers and parents.
We do not ask for or require children to provide personal information beyond that which is reasonably necessary to use the Programs. Information collected from students is never used or disclosed for third-party advertising or any kind of behaviorally-targeted advertising, and it is never sold or rented to anyone, including marketers or advertisers.
Our privacy policy was drafted with these principles in mind and is designed to comply with state and federal regulations enacted to protect the privacy of children and ensure the security and confidentiality of student data, including, but not limited to the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”), the Federal Education Rights and Privacy Act (“FERPA”), and the California Education Code Section 49073.1. We ask all users to take some time to review our Privacy Policy and understand our policies
What information does Synergy 1 collect and why?
Student Information Provided by Educators or Parents: We receive information that an educator or parent gives us about a student. This may include, for example, a student’s first name and last initial or identifier and grade level provided by an educator or parent when they register a student for the Programs. Student information we receive from a school or a district continues to be the property of and under the control of the school or district.
Student Information Provided by Students: Student interactions with our Programs generates data we refer to as “Performance Data.” Performance Data may include, for example, the lessons a student chooses to play, when a student starts and stops a lesson, and student responses in the lesson.
Student Information We Automatically Receive From the Student’s Device: We receive technical information from the computer or mobile device a student uses to interact with the Programs. This technical information may include, for example, the device operating system, web browser type, and IP address.
How Does Synergy 1 Use the Student Information It Receives?
We will not sell or rent any of your or your students’ information to any third party for any purpose, and we do not track users outside of our Programs. We will not share your information in any ways not outlined in this Privacy Policy. Except as noted below, we do not share any personal information with third parties for advertising, marketing or other purposes.
We use Student Information for educational or school purposes, or as authorized by a parent or teacher. In general, we use Student Information to provide students the best possible educational experience on our Programs. For example, we use Student Information:
To Customize and Personalize Our Programs: We use Student Information to provide access to and to customize and personalize our Programs. For example, we may use a student’s Performance Data to adapt our Programs to a student’s unique needs, make adaptive learning recommendations, and to personalize the reports and updates about a student’s progress we send to educators and parents.
To Assess Student Performance: We use Student Information to assess student performance and provide updates and reports about a student’s progress to educators and parents. For example, we may group Performance Data of similar students to assess performance by level.
To Support, Provide, and Improve Our Programs and Offerings: We use Student Information to support, provide, and improve our Programs and offerings. For example, we may use Student Information to provide technical and customer support.
How does Synergy 1 protect and secure user information?
Protecting your information is extremely important to us and we take several precautions to ensure that user information is secure:
Password protection – Secure passwords are the first line of defense for your student, parent, teacher, or school/district administrator account. In order to prevent unauthorized access to your account, we recommend choosing a password that is memorable but hard to guess, and keeping your password confidential at all times.
Database protection – Synergy 1’s databases are password protected.
Datacenter host – Synergy 1 utilizes industry-standard application hosting providers who agree to perform frequent diagnostics, operating system updates, and network security monitoring.
While we do our best to keep your data secure, Synergy 1 cannot guarantee the security of your data. Several factors including, but not limited to, hardware/software failure, outages, human error, attacks, or unauthorized use may compromise the security of our users’ information. In the case of a data security breach, we will do our best to alert any affected users electronically via our website, the email account you have provided, and/or another medium that we deem appropriate, depending on the magnitude and severity of the breach.
How can I view, edit or delete my information?
a. You can edit your information
You have the right to access and edit your information. If you have a teacher or parent account, you can edit your information in the Settings section of the Program. If you are unable to do this in the Program, you can contact us and we’ll help you make changes. We will ask you to verify your identity before we provide you with access to your information.
You have the right to opt out of emails from us by clicking unsubscribe. You may still receive transactional emails from us related to purchases, account expiration, or other necessary communication.
If you are the manager of a school or district account, you can add, edit or delete teacher and student users of your account. You may edit student usernames and passwords and if your students used a Google account to sign in, you or the student will need to contact Google or your School / District IT Administrator to change name, email address or password. Similarly, if your district uses Clever or ClassLink and has chosen to integrate the Programs with these solutions, you or and administrator may need to make such changes in Clever or ClassLink.
If you are a parent, guardian or student, the law allows you access to certain information that may have been provided to the Programs by your school or district. If you would like to obtain such access, please contact your school or district.
b. You have the right to delete your information
If you are a teacher or administrator, you can contact us to delete your account. Teachers and administrators can delete student accounts or contact us and we can delete them for you. After a school or district account termination and subsequent removal of student data, we may retain securely stored backups in accordance with applicable law, our agreement with the school or district and our data retention policy, after which point it will be deleted.
c. How we retain and delete your data
We will retain personal information collected in connection with free or subscription accounts only for as long as is necessary to provide the services to the account holder, or otherwise per the terms or a contract with a school or district.
Links to Third-Party Sites
We occasionally link to other websites from our Program to provide relevant content to our users.
Synergy 1 is not responsible for the practices of these third-party websites or services that we link to, and they are not covered under this Privacy Policy. These websites have their own privacy policies, and we encourage you to review them.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
We may occasionally update this Privacy Policy. You can see when it was last updated by looking at the last updated date at the bottom of this page.
If we make any significant changes we’ll post them prominently on our website and/or notify you by other means as required by law. Your continued use of the website after a revision to the Privacy Policy indicates your acceptance and agreement to the current Privacy Policy. We recommend that you periodically review the Privacy Policy to make sure you understand and are up-to-date on how we’re keeping your information safe.
If you don’t agree with the changes to the Privacy Policy, contact us to terminate your account.
How can I contact Synergy 1 with privacy questions?
If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy, please contact our support team at: admin@spellingclassroom.com or mail it in to:
Synergy 1 Group, Inc.
130 Corridor Road
Unit 2152
Ponte Vedra Beach, FL 32004
or call us at 1 888 448-3363
Last updated October 18, 2018