http://bristolzoo.org.uk/zoo-information/terms-and-conditions
We use cookies on our website to ensure you get the best experience.
Find out more
Accept and Continue
Search
Book Now
Our
Future
Explore The Zoo
What's On
Visitor Information
Save Wildlife
Education & Learning
Zoo News
Venue Hire
Menu
Close
Book Now
Our
Future
Explore The Zoo
What's On
Visitor Information
Save Wildlife
Education & Learning
Zoo News
Venue Hire
About us
What we do
Who we are
Our Trustees
Our credentials
Accounts, reviews and plans
History
Jobs
Unqualified Animal Keeper – Mammals
Catering positions at the Zoo
Work Experience Placements
Veterinary Externship Application
Volunteering
Contact us
Sign up to our newsletter
Raffle prize requests
Membership
Dual attraction membership
Membership prices
Membership gifts and vouchers
Renew your membership online
Legal Notices
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Gender Pay Gap Report
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
This site is owned and operated by Bristol Zoo Gardens. Please read these terms and conditions carefully.
1. User obligation
Use of this site constitutes your acknowledgement and acceptance of these Terms and Conditions, which take effect on the date on which you first use the site. By accessing, using and/or downloading materials from this site, you agree on your own behalf and on behalf of each entity and person on whose behalf you act to abide by the terms and conditions set forth below. Bristol Zoo Gardens reserves the right to change these Terms and Conditions at any time by posting changes online and it is your responsibility to refer to and comply with these terms on accessing the site. Your continued use of this site after changes are posted constitutes your acceptance of these terms and conditions as modified.
If these Terms and Conditions are not accepted in full, you do not have permission to access the contents of this site and therefore should cease using this site immediately.
2. Copyright and Other Intellectual Property
The names, images and logos identifying Bristol Zoo Gardens, and associated organisations or third parties and their products and services are proprietary marks of Bristol Zoo Gardens, its associated companies and/or third parties.
All copyright, trade marks and other intellectual property rights in this site (including the design, arrangement and look and feel) and all material or content supplied as part of the site shall remain at all times the property of Bristol Zoo Gardens. In accessing the Bristol Zoo Gardens site, you agree that you do so only for your own personal, non-commercial use. You may not agree to, permit or assist in any way any third party to commercially exploit or modify in any way the material or content without Bristol Zoo Gardens prior written permission.
3. Terms of use
The use of this site is only for lawful purposes, in a manner which does not infringe the rights of or restrict or inhibit the use and enjoyment of this site by any third party. Such restriction or inhibition includes, but is not limited to, conduct which is defamatory, or which may harass, cause distress or inconvenience to any person and the transmission of obscene or offensive content or interruption of the normal flow of dialogue within this site.
4. Disclaimer/Limitation of Liability
This site and the information, names, images, pictures, logos and icons relating to www.bristolzoo.org.uk, Bristol Zoo Gardens and/or any of its associated companies, products and services (or to third party products and services), is provided "AS IS" and on an "AS AVAILABLE" basis without any representation or endorsement being made and without warranty of any kind, including but not limited to the implied warranties of satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, compatibility, security and accuracy.
The information and other materials included on this site may contain inaccuracies and typographical errors. Bristol Zoo Gardens does not warrant the accuracy or completeness of the information and materials or the reliability of any statement or other information displayed or distributed through the site (including, without limitation, the information provided through the use of any software). You acknowledge that any reliance on any such statement or information shall be at your sole risk. Bristol Zoo Gardens reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to correct any errors or omissions in any part of the site and to make changes to the site and to the materials, products, programs, services or prices described in the site at any time without notice. In no event will the Zoo and/or third parties be liable for any damages including, but not limited to, indirect or consequential damages or any damages including, but not limited to, errors or omissions, indirect or consequential damages or any damages whatsoever arising from use, loss of use, data or profits, whether in action of contract, negligence or other action, arising out of or in connection with the use of the site. These exclusions do not apply to death or personal injury caused by Bristol Zoo Gardens negligence and only apply to the extent permitted by law.
Bristol Zoo Gardens does not warrant that the functions contained in this site will be uninterrupted or error free or that defects will be corrected or that this site or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or bugs. Bristol Zoo Gardens does not represent the full functionality, accuracy or reliability of any material. Bristol Zoo Gardens may terminate, change, suspend or discontinue any aspect of this site, including the availability of any features of the site, at any time without notice or liability.
5. Bristol Zoo Gardens Products
All products and services mentioned in this site are subject to availability and are available at the sole discretion of Bristol Zoo Gardens. Furthermore, all references to Bristol Zoo Gardens products and services are intended to apply only in the United Kingdom.
6. Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and keep indemnified Bristol Zoo Gardens from and against all claims, damages, expenses, costs and liabilities arising in any manner from your entry to and use of the site other than in accordance with these terms and conditions.
7. Law and jurisdiction
These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England. Disputes arising herefrom shall be exclusively subject to the jurisdiction of the courts of England. Any cause of action you may have with respect to your use of this site must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises.
If any of these Terms and Conditions should be determined to be illegal, invalid or otherwise unenforceable by reason of the law of any state or country in which these Terms and Conditions are intended to be effective, then to the extent and within the jurisdiction in which that Term or Condition is illegal, invalid or unenforceable, it shall be severed and deleted from that clause and the remaining terms and conditions shall survive and continue to be binding and enforceable.
Bristol Zoo Gardens makes no representation that materials on this site are appropriate or available for use at other locations outside of the United Kingdom and access to them from territories where their contents are illegal is prohibited. If you access this site from a location outside of the United Kingdom, you are responsible for compliance with all local laws.
Bristol Zoo Gardens Visitor Terms and Conditions
You should print a copy of these Terms & Conditions or save them to your computer for future reference. We amend these Terms & Conditions from time to time, so please check these Terms & Conditions each time you use a service or purchase a ticket, membership, experience or gift voucher.
1. General
1.1 Information about us
The following Terms & Conditions, as well as any information contained in the booking form or tickets provided to you, apply to all bookings for Bristol Zoo Gardens (‘the Zoo’, us or we).
Bristol Zoo Gardens is the trading name for:
Bristol, Clifton & West of England Zoological Society Ltd and its subsidiary Bristol Zoo Enterprises Ltd (together referred to as ‘BCWEZS’). The company details are as follows:
Bristol, Clifton & West of England Zoological Society Ltd
Registered office: Bristol Zoo Gardens, Clifton, Bristol, BS8 3HA.
Company registered in England, number 5154176.
Charity registered number 1104986.
Bristol Zoo Enterprises Ltd
Registered office: Bristol Zoo Gardens, Clifton, Bristol, BS8 3HA.
Company registered in England, number 1750167.
Once your ticket is purchased and the order is complete, at that point the Contract between us will be formed.
1.2 General admission conditions of entry
1.2.1 Conditions of your visit
You must abide by our site rules at all times – these are communicated on booking and are provided on the day of visit.
You must abide by all site signage including the one-way route in place.
Your ticket is only valid for the date and timeslot as detailed on your booking confirmation.
You must follow all written or verbal instructions provided during your visit.
Please don’t feed our animals.
Our animals can bite or scratch so we ask that you don’t touch them.
Ball games, use of frisbees and drones are not allowed.
We ask that any children under 14 are always supervised by an adult or concession.
Skateboards, roller skates, scooters and bicycles are not allowed on site.
Visitors are not permitted to bring pets on site. Assistance Dogs registered with an association recognised by ADUK can visit with their registered owner. Please note there are some areas of the Zoo that Assistance Dogs are not permitted to enter. More information is available here.
The use of barbecues is not permitted anywhere in the Zoo.
Visitors are not permitted to smoking or vape in any area within the Zoo or grounds.
Prior permission is needed from BCWEZS for any commercial photography or filming.
1.2.2 Refusal of entry
We reserve the right (at our absolute and full discretion) to refuse entry to the Zoo, deny or prohibit future entry to the Zoo or ask any visitor to the leave the Zoo. Reasons include, but are not limited to:
Failure to comply with the Terms & Conditions
Failure to arrive within the timeslot detailed on your booking confirmation
Failure to show valid ID and surrender any voucher on arrival when redeeming complimentary tickets
Attempting to book, purchase or redeem any ticket that the holder is not entitled to (such as, but not limited to; discounts that are not applicable, non Members attempting to book Member tickets, impersonating a genuine Member, booking complimentary tickets without a valid voucher etc.)
Use of threatening or offence language or behaviour
Possession of an offensive weapon
Failure to follow a written or verbal instruction or disregarding the one-way system
Behaviour that is offensive or disruptive to other visitors
Climbing over/on or standing on any barrier (permanent or temporary) or fence, entering prohibited areas or accessing closed areas
Wearing clothing that we deem offensive – or clothing deemed inappropriate for a family friendly visitor attraction
Putting staff, visitors, any person or animal at harm or at risk
Is, or appears to be, under the influence of drugs or alcohol
Failure to adhere to social distancing measures with staff, volunteers, or other visitors not in your family group.
Behaving in a way that prevents others from socially distancing.
Failure to adhere to Government guidelines issued in relation to the Coronavirus outbreak.
For clarity, this includes Test and Trace compliance and Government guidance on meeting socially with anybody you do not live with, or who is not in your support bubble (including the ‘Rule of 6’). Please refer to the Government Guidance for exemptions and information about the current Tier.
1.2.3 Your Safety and Ours
Health and Safety is a shared responsibility – and together we can ensure everyone has a safe and enjoyable visit to Bristol Zoo Gardens.
Throughout your visit, you will be provided with health and safety information including, but not limited to: signs, site rules, verbal instructions and notices. In addition, you will have access to facilities provided for your safety and wellbeing. This includes measures implemented subsequent to the Coronavirus outbreak, such as additional hand wash facilities.
You MUST wear a face covering in all enclosed spaces at the Zoo in line with Government guidance, unless you are exempt by law.
You must follow the current (the day of your visit) Government guidance relevant to the applicable Tier. This includes laws on meeting up socially with anybody you do not live with, or who is not in your support bubble. This also includes following Government guidelines on the ‘Rule of 6’.
By law, as part of the Government Test and Trace initiative, one person in a group (of up to 6 people) MUST provide their individual contact details. This is a Government requirement. These details will be taken as part of the online booking process. Visitors can also scan the official NHS QR code or complete a paper form.  Please see our privacy policy for more information.
The information and facilities are provided for your safety, and for the safety of our staff and volunteers, and it is essential that you abide by all instructions (verbal or written) and follow government guidance on handwashing, social distancing and the use of face coverings.
Whilst BCWEZ has taken measures to minimise the risk of the spread of Coronavirus, as with any activity beyond the home, there is currently a degree of risk involved.
As detailed in section 1.8, BCWEZS, its employees and or agents shall not be liable for any loss or damage, direct or indirect, howsoever arising out of or in connection with BCWEZS’s relationship with you to the extent permitted by law.
Please do not visit if you are displaying symptoms of COVID-19 or are self-isolating.
1.3 Cancellation Policy
Please see relevant section below for more information on our cancellation policy.
1.4 Opening Hours
Our standard opening hours can be found here.
We reserve the right to change or amend our opening hours without prior notice or compensation.
Whilst we endeavour to ensure that as many as possible displays and exhibits are available to view or use by visitors, we may, at our discretion, without any prior notice, and save as expressly provided in these Terms & Conditions, without refund or compensation, change the opening hours of the Zoo, close the Zoo or any part of it, remove animals from show to the public, and/or suspend or cancel any event or activity due to, without limitation, health and safety (including social distancing measures or Government restrictions as part of the Tier system), capacity, animal welfare, adverse weather conditions or other situation deemed necessary.
Please do not visit if you are displaying symptoms of COVID-19.
If you start to display symptoms of Coronavirus, or begin a period of self-isolation after you have booked your ticket, we will happily rearrange your visit for an alternative date and time. We will rebook your ticket for a future date within 12 months of purchase.
If you have purchased a ticket to Bristol Zoo Gardens from 1st July 2020 and we close unexpectedly due to a second or subsequent outbreak of Coronavirus, we will contact you to arrange a new date when we reopen to the public. We will rebook your ticket for a future date within 12 months of reopening or 12 months of purchase – whichever is earlier.
1.5 Photography
From time to time authorised third parties may take photographs and/or video recordings at the Zoo, including the car parks and surrounding areas which may feature visitors. By accepting these Terms & Conditions, you agree that the Zoo or any authorised third party may use such images in perpetuity in any promotional or publicity material in any format whatsoever including social media. You further agree that all copyright and any other intellectual property rights that subsist in or arise out of these materials shall be absolutely owned by us or such authorised third party (subject to our agreement) as the case may be. If you prefer not to be included in photography or film footage please advise a member of staff.
1.6 Applicable Law
Please note that these Terms are governed by English law. This means a contract for the purchase of Services and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with it will be governed by English law. You and we both agree to that the courts of England and Wales will have non-exclusive jurisdiction. However, if you are a resident of Northern Ireland you may also bring proceedings in Northern Ireland, and if you are a resident of Scotland, you may also bring proceedings in Scotland
If any of these Terms & Conditions should be determined to be illegal, invalid or otherwise unenforceable by reason of the law of any state or country in which these Terms & Conditions are intended to be effective, then to the extent and within the jurisdiction in which that Term or Condition is illegal, invalid or unenforceable, it shall be severed and deleted from that clause and the remaining terms and conditions shall survive and continue to be binding and enforceable.
1.7 Third Party Law
None of the terms shall be enforceable under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 by a party other than you or BCWEZS.
1.8 Insurance
1.8.1      BCWEZS, its employees and or agents shall not be liable for any loss or damage, direct or indirect, howsoever arising out of or in connection with BCWEZS’s relationship with you to the extent permitted by law.
1.8.2      In the event that the above exclusion of liability is not effective, BCWEZS’s maximum aggregate liability shall be the amount paid by the claimant to BCWEZS in respect of the transaction out of which the claim against BCWEZS arose.
1.8.3      Notwithstanding clauses 1.8.1 and 1.8.2, nothing in these terms limits in any way our liability:
·       For death or personal injury caused by our negligence;
·       Under section 2(3) of the Consumer Protection Act 1987;
·       For fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; or
·       For any matter which cannot be excluded by law
1.9 Privacy Policy
Our privacy policy is available here.
1.10 Complaints
Whether you are a member, visitor, school group or supporter, we value and welcome your feedback. If you have an issue or complaint, we encourage you to let us know about it during your visit and we will do our best to resolve it for you there and then.
We would also be happy to receive your feedback after your visit. Details of how to contact us are available here.
1.11 Car Parking
Users of our car parks do so at their own risk. BCWEZS will not accept liability for any accidents, damage or loss incurred. We reserve the right to increase our price, close our car park or restrict access without notice or compensation.
1.12 Gift Aid on donations
When making a donation you may elect to have Gift Aid apply to it.
As a charity we can claim up to 25p of every £1 you give us as a donation. This includes the donation includes the full cost of your admission ticket if you opt to pay the voluntary 10% donation and the ticket is for yourself or a member of your family. It also includes the cost of membership if the membership is for you or a member of your family.
By choosing to Gift Aid you are confirming you are UK taxpayer and understand that if you pay less Income Tax and/or Capital Gains Tax than the amount of Gift Aid claimed on all donations in the tax year it is your responsibility to pay any difference. You can cancel a Gift Aid declaration at any time.
2. General Admission Tickets
2.1 Tickets
All Admission tickets are non-refundable.
For the purposes of Admission ticket purchases, our tickets are defined as:
- Adult: Adult is classed as aged 15 years and over. - Child: Child is classed as aged 2-14 years inclusive. Children aged under 2 years are free of charge.
All children must be accompanied by an adult.
Disabled adults or children can bring one carer with them free of charge when they pay full adult/child price. Evidence of eligibility will be requested, which may include a Blue Badge, statement of special educational needs from LEA or NHS, or a letter from a medical professional on NHS headed paper.
For Admission tickets purchased online, we will email you a ticket reference number. When you arrive, let our admissions team know what your reference number is. There is no need to print out the email, you can show it on your phone or just make a note of the reference number.
2.2 Discounts and promotions
All promotions are subject to the Terms & Conditions stipulated on the voucher/code and any associated material. This includes the valid to date.
Lost, expired or destroyed promotional vouchers cannot be redeemed.
Promotional codes and or discounts cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer. For clarity this means that two promotions cannot be redeemed simultaneously on the same purchase – only one discount or offer applies per transaction.
We reserve the right to reject any promotional voucher or discount code for any reason.
We are not party to and will not in any circumstances become involved in or liable for any third party’s Terms & Conditions of promotion or any dispute arising in connection with a third party promotion.
3. Membership
Annual and dual attraction membership may be taken out at any time and will be valid for a full 12 months from date of purchase.
Children aged 14 and under must be accompanied by an adult at Bristol Zoo Gardens.
Children aged 16 and under must be accompanied by an adult at Wild Place Project.
Proof of concession is required for concession memberships.
Date of birth is required for all children under 18 years.
Members receive one membership card per person and will have a photograph taken in the Zoo that will saved on the database.
No entry can be allowed without a valid card.
Memberships are non-transferable. In order to use the guest admission discount, the member must accompany the guests during their visit. This discount is not applicable with free memberships such as carers or children aged under 2 years.
A replacement fee of £2 will be charged for each lost card. Other membership items cannot be replaced.
Bristol Zoo members gain free entry to selected other UK zoos and safari parks as part of a reciprocal agreement. Currently, Bristol Zoo members enjoy unlimited entry into Belfast Zoo, Colchester Zoo, Edinburgh Zoo and RZSS Highland Wildlife Park, plus one visit per year to Chester Zoo, Marwell Zoological Park, Twycross Zoo and Woburn Safari Park (please note Woburn Safari Park members cannot gain free entry to Bristol Zoo with a Woburn Toddlers pass). Please note reciprocal agreements can be altered or withdrawn at any time. A valid membership card and welcome or renewal letter with proof of expiry date is required upon entry.
***Please be aware that this benefit has been restricted, or in some cases temporarily suspended, due to ticket limits in force at participating zoos. Many zoos are able to welcome our members now, however please contact each zoo before your visit to check their policy.***
Membership features may be subject to change at any time. No refunds can be made.
Entry is subject to availability and normal opening hours. Bristol Zoo Gardens and Wild Place Project reserve the right to refuse admission.
After one year of continuous membership, a discount of 15% is available if membership is renewed before the expiry date. Once membership has expired, members have a 1 month grace period in which to renew and still benefit from a 10% discount. This discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer, including corporate discount or vouchers. Please note renewal discounts do not apply to life memberships.
If the parking fees increase during your membership you will still receive a members discount compared with the day guest charge. However we reserve the right to increase the parking fee at any time.
Join on the day of your visit, or buy within seven days of your visit, and we’ll deduct the cost of your admission from your membership fee. We’ll need to see your receipt or booking reference number, so you can’t do this online. Simply email your contact telephone number and receipt details to info@bristolzoo.org.uk and we’ll call you to set up your new annual membership.
The refund excludes any voluntary donation paid on admission, and is not valid for free memberships such as carers or children aged under two years. This offer cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers or discounts, and is not valid to redeem against upgrades from single site to dual site membership. This offer must be applied at point of sale – discounts cannot be applied retrospectively. For dual membership purchases, if both Bristol Zoo Gardens and Wild Place Project admission receipts are presented, the cost of admission from only one site – whichever is higher value - will be deducted.
Dual Members receive a 20% discount on friends and family admission all year round during normal opening hours, or a 50% discount on friends and family admission on Member Mondays (every Monday excluding Bank Holidays). This discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer.
The 10% discount in the Zoo and Wild Place Project shop cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer and excludes drinks, confectionery and ice cream. Minimum spend of £5 applies.
When purchasing your membership online your membership will be effective immediately. You can collect your membership pack on your first visit. If you would prefer to have the pack sent to you please contact the membership office on 01174285416.
You can purchase child memberships without having an adult on the membership although children aged 14 and under must be accompanied by an adult at Bristol Zoo Gardens.
Details for a paying adult must be provided at time of purchase of a child membership.
Please note that tickets purchased through external companies are non-refundable against membership.
To refer a friend, you must have held a valid membership at Bristol Zoo Gardens for at least 14 days. You cannot recommend a friend who has been a member within the last six months. Only one bamboo travel mug can be redeemed per membership referral. No cash alternatives are available. The completed voucher must be presented to the membership team at the time the membership is taken out. This is not available online.
All childminders purchasing Childminder Membership must be registered with Ofsted in England, CSSIW in Wales or The Care Inspectorate in Scotland and a valid registration certificate is required.
4. Experiences
4.1 Refunds and Cancellations
Once your order is complete, payment will be taken, and at that point the Contract between us will be formed.
We have a no refund policy for all our Experiences.
Experiences are non-transferable and cannot be resold.
If you fail to arrive in time for your Experience, or do not attend, refunds and transfers are not permitted unless expressly agree and in exceptional circumstances only – this is at our complete discretion and any changes will be subject to a further charge.
If circumstances dictate, such as severe weather or a particular animal being unwell, it may be necessary to change the chosen activities without notice. In the rare event of this happening, we will always try our best to offer a suitable alternative. In case of emergency or unforeseen circumstance, Bristol Zoo Gardens reserves the right to close all or parts of the zoo as necessary (see section 1.4). We reserve the right to amend your Experience, or where this significantly impacts on the Experience, we will offer an alternative date.
4.2 Restrictions
Please note the relevant minimum age restriction applicable for your experience:
a. Penguin Experience – 6 years
b. Red Panda Experience – 6 years
c. Lemur Experience – 6 years
d. Meerkat Experience – 6 years
e. Tortoise Experience – 6 years
f. Fruit Bat Experience – 6 years
g. Lion Feeding Experience – 16 years
h. Gorilla Experience – 16 years
i. Zoo Keeper for the Day – 16 years
j. Junior Zoo Keeper Experience – 6 years
An adult over the age of 18 must accompany any children under the age of 16 taking part in an Experience.
Children under the age of 12 must be accompanied by an adult into the animal enclosure but the adult cannot participate in the Experience, unless they have purchased an experience for two people.
All Experiences include free entry to the Zoo for the participant plus one guest.
Additional adults/children can come into the zoo on the day upon the purchase of a corresponding priced ticket for the date upon which the Experience is taking place, but cannot take part in the experience.
Due to the nature of the Experience and restrictive access to certain animal enclosures, participants must be physically fit and suffering no severe health problems. Regrettably certain guests will be unable to take part including people with epilepsy; relevant phobias or relevant known allergies; pregnant women; and immunocompromised individuals. Please contact us before purchasing your Experience for further advice.
The timetables for our Experiences have been devised in order to allow as much time as possible with the keepers whilst not detracting from the running of the Zoo. As such, we regret that it is not possible for us to fulfil activities outside those described.
As much as is possible we encourage natural behaviours within our animal collection. There is no guarantee that our animals will want to take part in your Experience. We operate a “hands-off” approach with our animal collection whereby human contact is reduced to an absolute minimum. As a result there will be no direct contact with animals during your Experience.
4.3 Gorilla Experience
Due to the risk of infection of our animals, participants will not be able to take part in the Gorilla Experience if they are unwell. If you are unwell (for example a cold) please call us in advance of your visit to let us know so that we can rearrange your Experience for an alternative date if necessary.
Please note that gorillas have unique personalities and, as such, it may not be possible for training to take place during the Experience.
4.4 Junior Keeper Experience
The Experiences are split into morning and afternoon sessions; the morning session runs from 10:30am to 12:30pm and includes feeding our African Penguins, the afternoon session runs from 2:30pm to 4:30pm and includes feeding our fur seals and lemurs. Both sessions include bugs, reptiles and meerkats.
Please be aware that we cannot guarantee work with any particular animal.
Only one adult (parent or guardian and no other children) may accompany the junior keeper during their Experience.
4.5 Zoo Keeper for the Day
The Experience is designed to give participants a broad overview of all the animal sections at Bristol Zoo Gardens and as such does not guarantee participation with specific animal species.
4.6 Health & Safety
4.6.1 General Health and Safety
All animals naturally carry a range of micro-organisms, some of which can be transmitted to humans and subsequently can cause illness. Some animals also have the potential to cause harm through biting or scratching. It is therefore essential that those taking part in our Experiences follow any instructions closely. As with all zoos there are work-related activities being carried out which may present a risk if these guidelines are not followed.
a. All participants in the scheme must have an up-to-date tetanus vaccination.
b. Please ensure all cuts/abrasions on exposed skin are covered with waterproof dressings and if needed disposable gloves are provided. c. No smoking, vaping or eating is permitted within the Zoo including within our animal areas.
d. The member of staff leading the Experience reserves the right to halt the Experience at any time if they feel the behaviour of participants or spectators is inappropriate. No refund or rescheduling of the Experience will be offered in these circumstances.
e. Please do not eat the food intended for the animals.
f. Hands need to be washed at every opportunity, especially after the sessions have finished.
g. Always use disposable gloves when advised.
h. Please avoid putting your face close to the animals, placing your fingers in your mouth, or attempting to kiss any animals.
i. Please remain with the host at all times.
j. Do not enter any enclosures without instruction from your host.
k. Do not touch/stroke any animal without your host’s permission.
l. Please ensure appropriate footwear and clothing is worn – no open-toed shoes or high heels. This includes ensuring clothing is appropriate for the weather (ie please wear appropriate hot/cold/wet weather clothing) .
m. No jewellery, apart from ear studs and rings, is permitted.
n. Long hair should be tied back.
o. Any accidents should be reported to your host immediately so appropriate action can be taken and first aid provided if necessary.
p. In the event of any emergency please follow the instruction of your host.
q. Experience participants must meet the minimum age restriction for their Experience and we reserve the right to ask for ID.
r. Food and drink is available on site and can be purchased from our onsite food outlets.
4.6.2 Approaching and handling animals
All animals should be approached in a calm and quiet manner. It is important to neither surprise nor corner an animal as they may act defensively and cause injury to you, the keeper and themselves.
When in close contact with any animal you are at risk from being hurt by them. The potential for injury will vary according to the size and species of animal and the reason for the attack. Behavioural changes will occur according to reproductive cycles, illness, injury or stress and sometimes for no apparent reason.
Animals are unpredictable and you should never be complacent with regard to safety precautions when handling animals. The animal keeper will supervise the approach and handling of animals under their responsibility and at all times practise safe handling techniques.
4.6.3 Observation of animal enclosures
You will accompany the relevant animal keeper and patrol the section observing the animals. At no time will you be allowed to enter an area or enclosure without the supervision of a qualified keeper.
4.6.4 Diet and nutrition
This is relevant if your Experience involves the preparation of food and feeding the animals. Instruction and assistance will be given regarding the preparation of animal feeds. Particular attention will be drawn to safety matters regarding the use of knives. Feeding the animals will require close contact with some species and all necessary safety precautions must be adhered to according to the feeding protocols. These include protection when necessary and provision of a safe working distance from the animals where appropriate. The feeding of any animals will be strictly supervised by the keeper responsible.
4.6.5 Animal Husbandry
This is relevant for the Zoo Keeper for the Day and Junior Zoo Keeper Experience. This may include a variety of tasks from cleaning/mucking out, to the collection and preparation of new bedding and enclosures. Instructions will be given regarding safe handling, lifting and the correct use of tools and equipment. Protective clothing or equipment will be provided if necessary and the animal keeper will supervise all tasks.
5. Gift Vouchers
5.1 Refunds and Cancellations
Once your order is complete, payment will be taken, and at that point the Contract between us will be formed.
Gift vouchers are valid for up to 1 calendar year from the purchase. The expiry date will be clearly displayed on the front of the Gift Voucher. Expired vouchers cannot be refunded or redeemed.
Gift vouchers cannot be refunded or exchanged for cash and are not for resale.
Replacements or refunds will not be offered for lost, destroyed or stolen vouchers.
The purchaser of the voucher is entitled to a 14 day cooling off period from the contract date, provided the voucher is returned unused and with the original receipt within 14 days of contacting us, after which a full refund will be made. Refunds will be made to the person who purchased the voucher using the same means of payment used for the initial purchase. Once an experience has been booked using the voucher the right to cancel the voucher will be lost.
5.2 Use of Gift Vouchers
Gift vouchers can be purchased for Experiences, memberships, accommodation, annual passes and admission tickets.
Gift vouchers cannot be transferred between product/service types, they are valid for the product/service displayed on the front of the voucher only. As gift vouchers are purchased for a specific product or service, use of a gift voucher as part payment, is not possible.
Please refer to the separate Terms and Conditions relating to the intended purpose of the gift voucher.
Gift vouchers can be used for full payment of the product stated on the front of the voucher.
Each gift voucher is valid for one use only.
Incomplete or amended vouchers are invalid and cannot be redeemed.
Gift vouchers cannot be used in conjunction with any special promotions, or discounts.
5.3 Other
Our gift vouchers are not covered by the Financial Services Compensation Scheme. In the unlikely event of BCWEZS becoming insolvent, some or all of the credit on the Vouchers may not be available to spend. However, if you made your purchase using a Visa Credit or Debit card or a MasterCard Credit card, you may be able to make a claim under the protection offered by Visa or MasterCard; please read the terms and conditions of your card provider.
6. ZooRopia
6.1 ZooRopia is operated by Head 4 Heights LTD of 111-113 High St Evesham, Worcs, WR11 4XP. Specific information / Terms and Conditions can be found here and here.
Bristol Zoological Society acts as an agent on behalf of Head4Heights Ltd.
Pre-book your timed tickets online, in advance
Book Now
Pre-book your timed tickets online, in advance
Become a member!
Donate to the BZS Appeal
We need your support
Still not found what you're looking for?
About us
Contact us
Privacy Policy
Jobs
Volunteering
Sitemap
Terms and Conditions
FAQs
Follow us online
We are Bristol Zoological Society
Bristol, Clifton & West of England Zoological Society Ltd. Registered office: Bristol Zoo Gardens, Clifton, Bristol, BS8 3HA. Company registered in England, number 5154176. Charity registered number 1104986.
You're nearly there!
Please check your emails to confirm your subscription!
Please fill in the missing fields
Feeling out of the loop?
Sign up to our newsletter to receive the latest zoo news.