https://campskylemar.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Camp Skylemar Privacy Policy
Last modified: March 4, 2019
Camp Skylemar (“CS” or “We”) respects your privacy and is committed to taking steps to protect your personal information.
This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the website https://campskylemar.com// (our “Website”) or any of our social media channels, and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting and disclosing that information.
This policy applies to information we may collect from you or that you may provide in connection with your use of our Website or our social media channels. It does not apply to information collected by us offline or to information collected online or offline by any other entity, whether or not that entity is associated with CS.
Please read this policy carefully. By accessing or using this Website, you agree to the terms of this privacy policy.
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It
We collect several types of information from and about users of our Website, including:
Personal information that you provide to us, which may include your name, postal address, phone number or e-mail address; and
Information that is collected automatically as you navigate through our Website, which may include usage details, IP addresses and information collected through cookies.
Information You Provide to Us.
The information we collect on or through our Website may include:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website (such as your name, address, phone number, or e-mail address).
Records and copies of your correspondence (including e-mail addresses), if you contact us.
Comments or other content that you upload or post to our social media channels (your “User Contributions”). Your User Contributions are posted on and transmitted to others at your own risk. We cannot control the actions of other users of social media with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your User Contributions will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.
Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies.
As you navigate through and interact with our Website or visit our social media channels, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and web navigation patterns. Your browser communicates standard information when you use our Website, including your Internet Protocol (IP) address and the files you request.
This information is not tied to your personal information and is used only in aggregate form, unless you choose to supply CS with additional information as part of your visit (such as filling out an online contact form).
The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:
Cookies – Cookies are text files that contain small amounts of information and are downloaded to your computer or mobile device when you visit a site. Cookies are useful because they allow a site to recognize your device, let you navigate efficiently between pages, remember your preferences, and more. You can refuse cookies if your browser settings permit. See the “Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information” section of this policy for more information.
Web Beacons – Pages of our Website and our e-mail messages may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs. pixel tags and single-pixel gifs) that allow us, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an e-mail and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
Google Analytics – Our Website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies to help us analyze how users use our Website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of our Website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on their servers. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of our Website, compiling reports on website activity for us, and providing other services related to site activity and Internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties when required to do so by law, or where third parties process the information for Google. The information generated by the cookie may also be aggregated and accessed by third parties who provide services related to our Website to us. By using our Website, you consent to the processing of such data about you by Google and such third parties in the manner and for the purposes set forth above.
How We Use Your Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
To present our Website and its contents to you.
To provide you with information that you request from us.
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide information.
To notify you about changes to our Website or any products or services we offer or provide though it.
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.
For any other purpose with your consent.
CS may also use information that we collect about you for uses such as the following:
Advertising. CS may partner with third-party digital advertising networks to manage our advertising on other sites. Our ad network partners use cookies to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on this and other websites to provide you targeted advertising.
Email Marketing. If you provide us with your e-mail address, we may contact you about information that may be of interest to you. You may unsubscribe from CS marketing communications by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link located on the bottom our emails.
Disclosure of Your Information
Camp Skylemar may disclose aggregated information about its users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction. For example, we may share anonymized or aggregated information with government agencies or non-commercial researchers.
We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy:
To authorized CS employees in order to provide you with any information you have requested.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
Or for other purposes where you have given your consent.
We may also disclose your personal information:
When disclosure is demanded through valid legal process, such as through a warrant or subpoena. Users are notified after disclosure of the demanded information unless such notification is precluded by court order or other law.
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of CS, our business and camp members, or others.
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
Tracking Technologies and Advertising. If your browser permits, you may set it to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you disable or refuse cookies, some parts of our Website may then be inaccessible or not function properly. You can find additional information about cookies at www.allaboutcookies.org.
Email Lists. You may unsubscribe from CS marketing communications by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link located on the bottom of our emails.
If you do not want us to use or disclose the personal information you provide to us (by filling out forms on our Website or by contacting us), you may choose not to provide us with such information.
Accessing and Correcting Your Information
You may contact us at the address listed below to request access to, correct, or delete any personal information that you have provided to us. We may refuse to accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.
If you delete your User Contributions from our social media, copies of your User Contributions may remain viewable in cached and archived pages, or might have been copied or stored by other users.
Your Rights
If you are located in certain countries, including those that fall under the scope of the European General Data Protection Regulation (AKA the “GDPR”), data protection laws give you rights with respect to your personal data, subject to any exemptions provided by the law, including the rights to:
Request access to your personal data;
Request correction or deletion of your personal data;
Object to our use and processing of your personal data;
Request that we limit our use and processing of your personal data; and,
Request portability of your personal data.
EU individuals also have the right to make a complaint to a government supervisory authority.
Data Security
We know how important your personal information is to you and we take our responsibility to safeguard any personal information you provide to us seriously.
While we make reasonable attempts to protect the personally identifiable information that you share with us, no transmission over the Internet is ever 100% secure, nor is information stored electronically 100% immune from attack, so we cannot guaranty the security of information you may provide to us.
Transactions involving sensitive information occur on a secure server. You can look for the “lock” symbol at the bottom of your browser window to verify that you are on a secure server. Our secure socket layer (SSL) software uses state-of-the-art 128-bit encryption to reduce the risk that your personal and financial information can be intercepted during transmission to our server.
Links to Third-party Websites
Our Website may contain links to various other websites that are not owned or operated by CS. These other sites may have privacy policies that differ from our privacy policies. CS is not responsible for content or policies regarding third-party websites, and we do not monitor the accuracy of information found in third-party websites. Links to third-party websites do not constitute an endorsement or implied warranty by CS.
Payments and Membership Data
CS uses a 3rd party service CampMinder to securely submit camper applications and information, and run camp credit card payments. See their privacy policy here: https://campskylemar.campintouch.com/policies/privacypolicy.html.
Our families’ personal information like, name, phone, email, are sent directly to CS via email where it is stored in our secure member database.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page. The date this privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. Your continued use of this Website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
Contact Information
If you have questions about this privacy policy, you may contact us at:
Summer/Camp Office:
457 Sebago Road • Naples, Maine 04055
T: (207) 693-6414
Winter Office:
P.O. Box 1010 • Sparks, Maryland 21152
T: (410) 329-5995
Email: info@skylemar.com