http://campjam.com/privacy/
Camp Jam Privacy PolicyEffective: 03/15/2005Camp Jam takes great pride in the relationships that it has developed with its guests. In keeping with this tradition, we at Camp Jam are dedicated to protecting your privacy and handling any personal information we obtain from you with care and respect. This Privacy Policy is designed to answer your questions regarding our privacy policies and principles.Q1. What information does this Privacy Policy cover? Q2. What types of personally identifiable information do we collect about our guests? Q3. How is your personally identifiable information used and shared? Q4. What choices do you have about the collection, use, and sharing of your personally identifiable information? Q5. What kinds of security measures do we take to safeguard your personally identifiable information? Q6. How can you update your contact information and opt out choices? Q7. How can you ask questions, or send us comments, about this Privacy Policy? Q8. How will you know if we amend this Privacy Policy? Q9. What additional privacy protections do we provide for children under the age of 13 who visit our sites?Q1. What information does this Privacy Policy cover?A1. Except as specifically described below in A2 and A6, this Privacy Policy applies only to personally identifiable information collected on the Web sites where this Privacy Policy is posted and does not apply to any other information collected by Camp Jam through any other means.As used in this Privacy Policy, “CAMP JAM” or “Camp Jam” refers to Camp Jam, and is referred to in this Privacy Policy as “CAMP JAM,” “we,” “us,” “our,” “CAMP JAM,” and “ourselves.”In keeping with the traditions of Camp Jam, we refer to individuals who purchase or use products or services of Camp Jam as “guests.” When this Privacy Policy uses the term “personally identifiable information,” we mean information that identifies a particular individual, such as the individual’s name, postal address, e-mail address, and telephone number. When other information (such as, for example, consumer product preferences or number of children) is directly associated with personally identifiable information, this other information also is treated as personally identifiable information for purposes of this Privacy Policy. Personally identifiable information does not include screen names (also known as member names, usernames or other online aliases) provided by our guests in the course of registering with or using any of our web site, except in circumstances in which we request that guests provide their e-mail addresses as their screen names. Personally identifiable information is sometimes referred to in this Privacy Policy as “personal information.” Finally, the terms of this Privacy Policy are subject to all applicable laws.Q2. What types of personally identifiable information do we collect about our guests?A2. We collect several types of personally identifiable information about our guests.Information You Provide to UsMuch of the personally identifiable information we receive comes directly from guests who are interested in obtaining various products and services from us. Typically, this information includes the guest’s name, postal address, e-mail address, and telephone number. We may also collect other types of information such as gender, age, instrument, online application information and personal musical interests, which we may associate with personally identifiable information. If you purchase products or services from us we’ll note, for example, credit card information, the type of services or products ordered or purchased, and the date of the order or purchase. We may collect personal information when you register, log on, or visit our Web site, including when you participate in activities on our Web site, such as sweepstakes, contests, games, and informational and promotional offers, and when you provide information to our customer service representatives. Finally, our Web sites may offer message boards, conversation pages, chat rooms, social community environments, profile pages, and other Public Forums as well as other features in which you may provide us with user submissions. If you provide personal information when you use any of these features, that personal information may be publicly posted and otherwise disclosed without limitation as to its use by a third party.Information Collected Through TechnologyWe collect information through technology to make our sites more interesting and useful to you and for various purposes related to our business. For instance, when you come to one of our sites, we collect your IP address. An IP address is associated with the access point through which you enter the Internet, and is typically controlled by your Internet Service Provider (ISP), your company, or your university. Standing alone, your IP address is not personally identifiable. We may use IP addresses to collect information regarding the frequency with which our guests visit various parts of our sites, and we may combine IP addresses with personally identifiable information. Our web site collects information through a variety of technical methods, including cookies and Web beacons. Cookies are pieces of information that a Web site sends to your computer while you are viewing the Web site. Web beacons are small pieces of data that are embedded in images on the pages of Web sites. Cookies, web beacons and other technical methods may involve the transmission of information either directly to us or to another party authorized by us to collect information on our behalf. We may use the information collected through these technical methods for many purposes, including delivering content, tracking and enhancing our guests’ experience on our Web site. For example, when you return to one of our web site after logging in, cookies provide information to the site so that the site will remember who you are. We also may use technical methods to analyze the traffic patterns on our web site, such as the frequency with which our users visit various parts of our web site, and third party Web sites, such as the frequency with which our users visit other Web sites. In HTML e-mails that we send our guests, we may use technical methods for a number of purposes, including: to determine whether our guests have opened or forwarded those e-mails and/or clicked on links in those e-mails, to customize the display of banner advertisements and other messages after a guest has closed the e-mail, and to determine whether a guest has made an inquiry or purchase in response to a particular e-mail. These technical methods may enable us to collect and use information in a form that is personally identifiable.Information That We Collect from OthersWe may update and supplement personally identifiable information that we have collected directly from our guests with other information that we obtain from third parties. In addition, we may obtain personally identifiable information about individuals who are not yet users of our web site or guests of Camp Jam. In addition, when we associate information that we obtain from third parties or other members of Camp Jam with personally identifiable information that we have collected under this Privacy Policy, we will treat the acquired information like the information that we collected ourselves and, except as permitted by this Privacy Policy, the information will not be shared with third parties.Q3. How is your personally identifiable information used and shared?A3. As described in detail below, Camp Jam may use your personally identifiable information in many ways, including sending you promotional materials and updating you with respect to Camp Jam session dates, program updates, special guest announcements, musician announcements and notifications, etc.General Provisions for Sharing and Use by Camp Jam, Licensees and Co-Branding ParticipantsPersonally identifiable information collected under this Privacy Policy is shared among and used by Camp Jam for many purposes. For example, Camp Jam may use your personal information to send you promotional materials about goods and services (including special offers and promotions) either offered by Camp Jam or offered by third parties. These promotional materials may be sent to you by postal mail, e-mail or other means. You may opt out of receiving these communications as provided in A4 below.Camp Jam may also use your personal information for many purposes other than sending you promotional materials. (We refer to all of these types of uses of your personal information that do not involve the sending of promotional materials as “Operational Uses.”) For example, we may use your information to complete transactions requested by you (such as your purchase of a product or service offered on our web site), or to send you administrative communications either about your account with us or about features of our web site, including any future changes to this Privacy Policy. As another example of Operational Uses, we may share your personal information with Camp Jam camp locations so that our staff are able to respond immediately to your questions or requests when you call, rather than asking you to provide your information a second time. Because these uses of your personal information do not involve sending you promotional materials, your opt-outs under A4 below will not apply to any of these Operational Uses.In addition to using your personal information within Camp Jam, Camp Jam may share your personal information with companies that offer products and/or services under brand names or using characters or other intellectual property of Camp Jam. These companies are called “licensees.” For example, a company that publishes and sells books under the “CAMP JAM” brand would be such a licensee. Camp Jam may also share your personal information with companies that offer products and/or services that are co-branded using brand names of Camp Jam. These companies are called “co-branding participants.” For example, a CAMP JAM credit card may be co-branded with the bank that issues that credit card. When Camp Jam shares personal information with third parties acting as licensees and co-branding participants, these licensees and co-branding participants are restricted by contract from using the personal information for any marketing or promotional purpose that is not related to a licensed or co-branded product or service. Finally, to further protect your privacy, these licensees and co-branding participants’ use of personal information shared with them under this Privacy Policy is subject to the same opt-out rights (and limitations upon those rights) that apply to use of personal information by members of Camp Jam under A4 below.Finally, Camp Jam may take your personally identifiable information and make it non-personally identifiable, either by combining it with information about other individuals (aggregating your information with information about other individuals), or by removing characteristics (such as your name) that make the information personally identifiable to you (de-personalizing your information). Given the nature of this information, there are no restrictions under this Privacy Policy upon the right of Camp Jam to aggregate or de-personalize your personal information, and Camp Jam may use and/or share with third parties the resulting non-personally identifiable information in any way.Non-Registered Transactions with Camp JamYou may engage in some transactions on our web site without registering and logging on the Web sites. These transactions may include purchasing products and services, entering contests and sweepstakes, and requesting special promotional materials such as brochures and reminder e-mails. (We refer to all of these transactions that you engage in without registering and logging on our web site as “Non-Registered Transactions.”) An example of a Non-Registered Transaction would be when you request an eBrochure on our Web site. The following paragraphs of this “Non-Registered Transactions with Camp Jam” section describe the special provisions of this Privacy Policy that apply to Non-Registered Transactions.When you engage in a Non-Registered Transaction with a member of Camp Jam you will have the opportunity to opt out (as described in A4 below) of receiving promotional email correspondence by following the instructions in A4. If you withdraw permission and subsequently engage in another Non-Registered Transaction, you again may grant permission at the time of that transaction to allow members of Camp Jam to send their promotional materials to you. However, keep in mind once you unsubscribe an email address on our website, we will permanently exclude that email address from all future promotional email correspondence.If you withdraw permission by following the procedures described in the previous paragraph, it may take up to thirty (30) days (unless a shorter time period is required by applicable law) for members of Camp Jam to stop using your personal information for promotional purposes. In addition, it may take up to ninety (90) days (unless a shorter time period is required by applicable law) for members of Camp Jam to stop using your personal information for promotional purposes. Finally, please keep in mind that, if you have not consistently used the same postal and email addresses on our web site, or if you have used a general change of address process (such as the change of address process offered by the U.S. Post Office) after providing address information on our web site, systems maintained by members of Camp Jam may have varying contact information for you. Accordingly, it may not always be possible to match your new opt-out choices with your personal information that you previously have provided.In addition, please note that A4 of this Privacy Policy describes various exceptions that apply to opt-out choices you may make, and these exceptions apply to any choices that you make regarding the use of your personal information that you provide during Non-Registered Transactions.Third Parties Offering Promotions, Products, or ServicesAt this time, Camp Jam will not share your e-mail address with third parties for third party promotional purposes.Companies That Facilitate Communications and Transactions with YouSometimes Camp Jam hires companies to help provide products or services, like a shipping company that delivers a package or a company that helps fulfill promotional mailers. In those instances, there is a need to share your information with these companies. Sometimes Camp Jam also works with other companies who help either gather your information or communicate with you, such as a company that helps to provide customer service. Your opt-out choices under A4 below will not apply to sharing by Camp Jam of your personal information with any of these companies. Nonetheless, except as separately permitted by other provisions of this Privacy Policy, these companies are allowed to gather, receive, and use your information only for the purposes described in this paragraph or to facilitate compliance with laws.Companies That You Previously Authorized to Obtain Your InformationIn certain circumstances, your dealings with a third party may have authorized that third party to obtain your personal information from Camp Jam and to use that information in accordance with the third party’s own privacy practices and policies. In such circumstances, your opt-out elections under A4 below will not apply to sharing of your personal information by Camp Jam. Nonetheless, Camp Jam will provide such companies only the information that you authorized (except as separately permitted under other provisions of this Privacy Policy).Purchase or Sale of BusinessesFrom time to time, we may purchase a business or sell one or more of our businesses (or portions thereof) and your personally identifiable information may be transferred as a part of the purchase or sale. In the event that we purchase a business, the personally identifiable information received with that business would be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy, if it is practicable and permissible to do so. In the event we sell a business, your opt-out choices under A4 will not affect our right to transfer your information to a purchaser in these circumstances. The provisions of this paragraph will also apply in the event that one or more businesses of any other member of Camp Jam are sold and personal information subject to this Privacy Policy is transferred to a purchaser of those businesses.Disclosures to Comply With Laws and Disclosures to Help Protect the Security and Safety of Our web site, Camp Jam and OthersRegardless of any opt-out choices that you make under A4, Camp Jam will disclose personal information when it believes in good faith that such disclosures (a) facilitate compliance with laws, including, for example, compliance with a court order or subpoena, or (b) will help to: enforce our Terms of Use; enforce contest, sweepstakes, promotions, and/or game rules; protect your safety or security, including the safety and security of property that belongs to you; and/or, protect the safety and security of our web site, Camp Jam, and/or third parties, including the safety and security of property that belongs to Camp Jam or third parties.Q4. What choices do you have about the collection, use, and sharing of your personally identifiable information?A4. With regard to personal information that you have provided under this Privacy Policy, there are two separate opt-out choices available to you. These opt-out choices are the means by which you give us, or decline to give us, your consent to use your personal information for the purposes covered by these opt-out choices.Your opt-out choices are:Web: You may choose to opt out of receiving promotional email materials from Camp Jam by clicking on the unsubscribe link in an email sent to the address you wish to opt out, or by visiting our website, entering your email address in the Newsletter Sign-Up box at the bottom of every page, and clicking Unsubscribe.Postal Mail: You may also choose to opt out of receiving promotional email materials from Camp Jam by writing us at:CAMP JAM PO Box 388 Privacy Policy Correspondence Attention: Management Duluth, GA 30096Please keep in mind that any opt-out choices you make will not apply in situations where (a) you either have made, simultaneously make, or later make a specific request for information from a member of Camp Jam, (b) Camp Jam uses your personal information for either “Operational Uses” or “Fulfillment Uses” (as described above in A3), (c) you either have engaged, simultaneously engage, or later engage in either Non-Registered Transactions or Sponsored Activities (as described above in A3), or (d) Camp Jam shares your personal information under the provisions of A3 above with respect to “Companies That Facilitate Communications and Transactions With You,” “Companies That You Previously Authorized to Obtain Your Information,” “Purchase or Sale of Businesses,” or “Disclosures to Comply with Laws and Disclosures to Help Protect the Security and Safety of Our web site, Camp Jam and Others.” Also, any opt-out choices you make will not apply to personal information that you provide about other persons, but these other persons will have the opportunity to opt out of receiving promotional materials.Finally, it may take up to ninety (90) days for your opt-out choices to be fully effective. Our systems require time to update, and promotional mailings using your personal information shared before your opt-out may already be in process. Finally, please keep in mind that, if you have not consistently used the same postal and email addresses on our web site, or if you have used a general change of address process (such as the change of address process offered by the U.S. Post Office) after providing address information on our web site, systems maintained by members of Camp Jam may have varying contact information for you. Accordingly, it may not always be possible to match your new opt-out choices with your personal information that you previously have provided.Q5. What kinds of security measures do we take to safeguard your personally identifiable information?A5. The security and confidentiality of your information is extremely important to us. We have implemented technical, administrative, and physical security measures to protect guest information from unauthorized access and improper use. From time to time, we review our security procedures in order to consider appropriate new technology and methods. Please be aware though that, despite our best efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable.Q6. How can you update your contact information and opt out choices?If you submitted an online form such as a contest, ebrochure, newsletter, tell a friend/parent, employment, online application, etc, you cannot update the information you submitted. However, you can opt-out of email correspondence by following the instructions in A4, or by visiting our website, entering your email address in the Newsletter Sign-Up box at the bottom of every page, and clicking Unsubscribe. If you sign up for band builder, you can change your band builder information by logging in and updating your profile, and can unsubscribe from promotional newsletters by following the steps in the previous sentence. If you have completed an online student application, and have paid a portion or all of your tuition, you can access and update all of the online student application information you provided during online registration by logging in to the Student Center. Simply click on this link https://www.powerchordacademy.com/newsite/index.cfm?fuseaction=apply.login , and then log in with your email address and password. If you need to recover your password, you can also retrieve that information by clicking the ?Did you forget your password? link at the URL above. We may also provide you an opportunity to update your contact information and/or modify your opt-out choices by sending you an e-mail or other communication that invites your response. Finally, you may unsubscribe from certain e-mail communications by clicking on unsubscribe link in those e-mails, or by visiting our website, entering your email in the Newsletter Sign-Up box at the bottom of every page, and clicking Unsubscribe.Q7. How can you ask questions, or send us comments, about this Privacy Policy?A7. If you have questions or wish to send us comments about this Privacy Policy, please send an e-mail with your questions or comments to privacy@campjam.com or write us:CAMP JAM PO Box 388 Privacy Policy Correspondence Attn: Management Duluth, GA 30096Q8. How will you know if we amend this Privacy Policy?A8. We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time. If we amend this Privacy Policy to permit material changes in the way we collect, use, and/or share your personal information, we will notify you of such amendment by prominently posting notice of such amendment on the Web sites privacy policy covered by this Privacy Policy. Any such amendment to this Privacy Policy will be effective immediately after posting of notice of the changes on the Web sites covered by this Privacy Policy.Q9. What additional privacy protections do we provide for children under the age of 13 who visit our sites?A9. We recognize the need to provide additional privacy protections for children who visit our sites. To read about our protections for children who are under the age of 13, please click here.YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits customers of Camp Jam who are California residents to request certain information regarding its disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an e-mail to privacy@campjam.com or write us:CAMP JAM
CA Privacy Rights Attn: Management P.O Box 388 Duluth, GA 30096 Sign Up Now Student Login Answers FAQs Contact Terms Privacy
About Camp JamCamp Jam is the ultimate rock’ n roll music camp.  Founded in 2005, Camp Jam has had over 20,000 budding musicians pass through its doors.  Camp Jam is a nationally recognized program known for its outstanding instructors and curriculum.Copyright © 2005-2015 Camp Jam ® All Rights Reserved.