https://campfire.org/privacy/
Privacy Policy
Camp Fire National Headquarters (Camp Fire) takes the privacy of its national website users seriously. Please review the following Privacy Policy.
What This Privacy Practice Covers
This Privacy Policy covers Camp Fire’s treatment of personally identifiable information that Camp Fire collects when you are on the Camp Fire website and when you use Camp Fire services (collected online or in person). It also covers our policy related to Camp Fire’s use of official social networking sites.
Information Collection and Use
Camp Fire collects personally identifiable information when you register, use, or purchase certain Camp Fire events, products, or services; or if you make a charitable donation to Camp Fire online. Personal information is also collected by the social networking sites where we have a presence in order to connect to our information, activities, and events on those sites. Camp Fire collects personally identifiable information when you register, use, or purchase certain Camp Fire events, products, or services; or if you make a charitable donation to Camp Fire online. Personal information is also collected by the social networking sites where we have a presence in order to connect to our information, activities, and events on those sites.
Camp Fire also automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser, including your IP address. Camp Fire uses information for these general purposes: to customize the content you see, to fulfill your requests for certain products and services, and to contact you about special activities, new products, and fundraising.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
The personally identifiable information you provide is used by Camp Fire only for internal purposes, such as confirming and tracking your order, subscription, donation or registration; analyzing trends and statistics; and informing you of new products or special promotions. Under no circumstances will Camp Fire sell, rent, or give your personal information to anyone or to any company for marketing purposes.
Camp Fire will send personally identifiable information about you to other companies or people when:
We need to share your information to provide the product or service you have requested.
We need to send the information to companies that work on behalf of Camp Fire to provide a product or service to you. (Unless we tell you differently, these companies do not have any rights to use the personally identifiable information we provide to them beyond what is necessary to assist us.)
We respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process.
We find that your actions on our websites violate the Camp Fire Terms of Service or any of our usage guidelines for specific products or services.
Donor Privacy
Whether the information is collected online or in person, Camp Fire will not share or sell the personal information of our donors with anyone else, nor send donor mailings on behalf of other organizations.
Your Ability to Edit and Delete Your Account Information and Preferences
Camp Fire gives you the ability to edit your information and preferences at any time, including whether you want Camp Fire to contact you about specials, new products, opportunities to volunteer, or to donate. You may request deletion of your Camp Fire account by sending an email to info@campfire.org.
Security
Your Camp Fire Account Information is password-protected for your privacy and security.
In certain areas, Camp Fire uses industry-standard SSL-encryption to protect data transmissions. Security of credit card numbers and other personal information is a top concern to Camp Fire. Camp Fire’s Online Store has sophisticated encryption and authentication tools to protect the security of your credit card information, and Camp Fire will do its best to protect the security on its systems. Specifically, every page in Camp Fire’s Online Store ordering process that requests credit card information uses Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption, which is designed to render information unreadable should anyone try to intercept it.
To make sure you are accessing our secure server before you submit personal financial information, look at the lower left-hand corner of your browser. If you see an unbroken key or a closed lock (depending upon your browser), then SSL is active. To double-check for security, look at the URL or Address line of your browser. If you have accessed a secure server, the first characters of the address in that line should change from “http” to “https.” To help ensure that others will not have access to your credit card information while on Camp Fire’s Online Store, please close your browser window when you have finished your visit, especially if you are sharing a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place.
If you are under 18, you need parent/guardian permission to use a credit card to make purchases online.
If you are aged 12 or under, you need parent/guardian permission to access Camp Fire’s Social Networking Site.
Children’s Privacy
The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act and rule (COPPA) protects the personal information of children under the age of 13. This applies to individually identifiable information about a child that is collected online, such as full name, home address, email address, telephone number, or any other information that would allow someone to identify or contact the child. The Act and Rule also cover other types of information—for example, hobbies, interests, and information collected through cookies or other types of tracking mechanisms—when they are tied to individually identifiable information. It is important for you to understand this law; we encourage you to read more about COPPA at www.coppa.org.
Note to Parents on Our Privacy Policy
Camp Fire is committed to providing a safe, secure, and fun online experience for children who visit our site. We are dedicated to safeguarding any personal information collected online and to helping parents and children have positive experiences on the Internet. Consistent with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998, we will never knowingly request personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 without prior verifiable parental consent.
Parents can revoke their consent and ask that information about their children be deleted from the site by contacting our offices by phone at 1-800-669-6884, or via email at info@campfire.org. To do this or to review personal information collected from children, we must verify the identity of the requesting parent. When a parent revokes consent, we will stop collecting, using, or disclosing information from that child. To respect the privacy of parents, information collected and used for the sole purpose of obtaining verifiable parental consent or providing notice is not maintained, in retrievable form, by the site if parental consent is not obtained after a reasonable time.
Camp Fire believes it is good policy to not collect more personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 than is necessary for them to participate in our online activities. In addition, be aware that all sites that are targeted to children under the age of 13 are prohibited by law from collecting more information than they need.
Internet Safety Pledge
Camp Fire encourages parents and children to read and sign, together, the Internet Safety Pledge. The link for this pledge is found on the Social Networking page of the website. Internet Safety Pledges are age-appropriate and provided by the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children (NCMEC).
Submissions
Camp Fire welcomes children to learn more about our organization and, where appropriate, participate in polls and surveys, as well as submit comments, artwork, writings, and other submissions for posting on our website. For this reason, Camp Fire follows the guidelines for interactive electronic media published by the Children’s Advertising Review Unit (CARU) of the Better Business Bureau for pages targeted to children under the age of 13. However, we encourage that this be done only with the parent’s knowledge and supervision. Also, for any activities that will involve public posting, we encourage children to use aliases (e.g., “Bookworm,” “Skater,” etc.), first names, nicknames, initials, or other alternatives to their full names or screen names that correspond with their emails.
In keeping with CARU’s principle regarding respecting and fostering the parents’ roles in providing guidance for their children, we encourage parents to regularly check and monitor their children’s use of email and other online activities.
Use of Cookies
Cookies are small text files that are sent to your browser from a Web server and are stored on your computer’s hard drive. When you return to that website, the cookie will tell the website that you have been there before. The website can then offer you products or ads that are tailored to your interests. By using cookies, information may be collected without your express knowledge. Camp Fire does not use cookies to track your use of our website, although we employ cookies to make your search of our site more efficient. Refusal to accept cookies will not prevent the use of the website, but some portions of our website may not function properly without cookies.
Links to Other Websites, Social Networks, and Services
This site may be linked to other sites and services, including social network sites that are not maintained by Camp Fire. These websites have their own privacy policies, which you should review prior to using them. We have no responsibility for linked websites, and we provide these links solely for the convenience and information of our visitors.
The social network sites that are linked from our home page are not maintained by Camp Fire. We do have several pages and groups officially established for information sharing and networking by our friends, families, alumni, volunteers, and professionals. These pages are regularly monitored by staff and volunteers of Camp Fire. We reserve the right to delete any submissions that engage in unlawful, illegal, unethical, discriminatory, disruptive, threatening, or offensive activity or practice. If any user is found violating local or national Internet policies, the offending user will be removed or blocked from access to the site or sites. Additionally, we may report unlawful, illegal, or threatening activity or practice to law enforcement agencies, as appropriate.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
Camp Fire may amend this policy from time to time. If we make any substantial changes in the way we use your personal information, we will notify you by posting a prominent announcement on our pages.
Questions or Suggestions
If you have questions or suggestions about this website or this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
Camp Fire National Headquarters
1801 Main St., Suite 200
Kansas City, MO 64108
info@campfire.org
© 2020 Camp Fire National Headquarters
1801 Main, Suite 200, Kansas City MO, 64108
816-285-2010
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Compass
NLC
Learning Lab
FAQs
Site Credits
Store
CLOSE