https://cbtf.org/privacy-policy/
212-448-9494
info@cbtf.org
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
0 Items
PRIVACY POLICY
The Children’s Brain Tumor Foundation understands your concerns about privacy and your interest in knowing how your information is used and safeguarded, and we want to provide you with more information on these topics.  This Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy”) describes the practices, policies and procedures related to our Children’s Brain Tumor Foundation website located at www.cbtf.org. (the “Website”), including the types of personal information we collect on the Website, how we may use that information and with whom we may share it. This Website is owned and operated by the Children’s Brain Tumor Foundation, (hereinafter referred to as “CBTF,” or “we” or “us”). Please note that this Privacy Policy applies only to the online information-gathering and sharing practices occurring on our Website, and does not apply to any of our practices conducted offline.   We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, so please check this Privacy Policy periodically for changes. The date this Privacy Policy was last updated is stated at the end of this document.
SUMMARY
The notifications provided by this Privacy Policy include:
What personally identifiable information we collect from you through the Website.
How we use the information we collect.
With whom the information may be shared.
The kind of procedures we employ in an effort to hinder the unauthorized access, use or disclosure of information you provide to us.
Information related to third-party websites.
The laws that apply to those accessing our Website from outside of the United States.
How you can learn about changes to our privacy policies, practices and procedures.
THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Personal Information You Provide And How It Is Used: You may freely visit our Website anonymously and without being required to provide us with any personal information, and without being required to register. However, certain services, requests and features do require that you provide us with some personally identifying information (including, but not limited to, name, address, email), as more particularly described below; availing yourself of any of these services, requests and features is voluntary. Personal information is data that can be used to identify or contact you. Please do not send confidential or sensitive information – including any medical or health related information – to us directly through this Website, or by email to any of the contact email addresses listed on this Website.
Donate: If you make a donation through the Website via the “donate” button, you will be asked to provide certain personally identifying information, such as your name and home address, as well as your credit card billing informationin order to process the donation. The credit card information that you provide at the time of donation is used only to process your donation and will not be stored or used for any other purpose. However, if you opt to make a recurring donation, your credit card information will be stored and used for the purpose of processing your recurring donation. Additionally, if you are interested in making an “unrestricted gift” and contact us via email for more information, we will receive and store any personal information that you provide to us.
E-Newsletter: If you opt to sign up for our email newsletter, we will ask you to provide your email address, first and last name.  You may unsubscribe from these emails at any time by using the link provided in the footer of all such emails.
Scholarship Application: If you apply for scholarship, you will be asked to provide us with a variety of personally identifying information, including your name, address and phone number. You will also be asked to submit a “story,” which may also contain your personal information.
Jenna’s Corner: If you opt to join our online community you will be required to register, and in doing so we will collect certain personally identifying information, including your name and email address.
Connect With Us: The Website provides a link for questions related to the work we do. If you contact us through this link, we will ask that you provide us with some personal information, including your name and address. You will also have an opportunity to include a message. We will use the information you provide to contact you back and to respond to any requests and/or questions.
Non-Personal Information We Collect by Automated Means And How We Use It: We also collect certain non-personal information (data in a form that does not support direct association with any specific person or individual) by automated means when you visit the Website. Much of this information is collected through the use of third-party tracking services, which includes Google Analytics and Constant Contact. The information collected may include usage information, such as the numbers and frequency of users to the Website, pages visited, web browsing histories, your location and device, social networking activities and similar data. When gathered, this data is used in the aggregate, and not in a manner that is intended to identify you personally. This type of aggregate information may be shared with third parties at any time, including marketers. In addition to the third-party tracking services mentioned above, we also collect this information through various other means, including “cookies,” as further explained below.
Cookies: A cookie is a piece of information that a web server may place on your computer when you visit a Website. Cookies are commonly used by websites to improve the user experience. Many cookies last only through a single Website session, or visit. Others may have an expiration date, or may remain on your computer until you delete them. We may also use cookies for other purposes, including to maintain continuity during a user session, to gather data about the usage of our Website for research and other purposes, or to store a user name or related login credentials so that you do not have to provide this information every time you return to our Website.
Most browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new cookie/scripts, how to be notified when you receive a new cookie/script, and how to disable existing cookies. You can also increase your control over scripts and cookies with a multitude of browser plug-ins such as NoScript, Ghostery, Lightbeam and Do Not Track Plus. Please note, however, that without cookies you may not be able to take full advantage of all the features on our Website.
IP Addresses – When you visit and interact with the Website, third parties with whom we have contracted to provide services for us may collect Internet Protocol addresses (each an “IP Address”), as well as browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and page navigation. An IP Address is a unique identifier number that certain electronic devices use to identify and to communicate with each other on the Internet; your Internet Service Provider automatically assigns an IP Address to the computer or mobile device that you are using.
HOW WE MAY SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
We may disclose all of the information (described herein) that we collect, as stated in this Privacy Policy including in accordance with the terms set forth in this section. CBTF works with a variety of third-party partners in order to allow us to make the Website available to you, to host and store the information we collect from you, and to provide certain functionality and features, such as to process payment/donation transactions. We also will share your personal information with our third party partners who help us to provide some of the services and experiences that we offer, such as the trips and camp enrollment. Except as stated in this Privacy Policy, we do not reveal personally identifiable information about you to third parties for their independent use unless: (1) you expressly authorize CBTF to do so, (2) it is necessary to allow CBTF and its service providers or agents to provide services on CBTF’s behalf, (3) it is to provide services to you, (4) it is disclosed to entities that perform marketing or data aggregation services for CBTF, (5) it is necessary in connection with a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of CBTF or the merger of CBTF into another entity or any consolidation, share exchange, combination, reorganization, or like transaction in which CBTF is not the survivor, (6) CBTF is required or permitted to do so for any or all of the following reasons: (i) to comply with a subpoena, legal process, government request or any other legal obligation, (ii) to prevent, investigate, detect, or prosecute criminal offenses or attacks on the technical integrity of the Website or our network, and/or (iii) to protect the rights, privacy, property, business, or safety of CBTF, its partners and employees, the visitors of the Website, the children or families that we serve, or the public.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
Except as may be provided by a parent or guardian, we do not knowingly collect, use, or disclose personally identifiable information about visitors to our Website that are less than 13 years of age; please note that if you are a parent or guardian we ask that you do not provide confidential or sensitive information – including any medical or health related information – to us directly through this Website, or by email to any of the contact email addresses listed on this Website. If you are under the age of 13, you must ask your parent or guardian to assist you while accessing/viewing this Website. If you are the parent or guardian of a child under 13 years of age and believe that they have disclosed personally identifiable information to us, please contact us at info@cbtf.org, and be sure to include in your message the same user name and password and/or email address that your child submitted, if applicable.                       .
THIRD PARTY WEBSITE
We also provide links to a variety of third-party social media sites and/or websites – such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and others – as a service to you, in order to provide you i) additional information and/or content related CBTF, or ii) additional venues in which you can learn about and discuss the activities of CBTF, or iii) in the case of Facebook, the ability to initiate a “Facebook Fundraiser” on our behalf .  Please note that we have no affiliation with these other parties, and cannot control and are not responsible for the information collection, use, and disclosure practices of such third parties; we encourage you to review and understand their privacy practices and policies, if any, before providing any personally identifying information to them.  We are not responsible for the content or information of these websites, any products or services that may be offered through advertisers or third parties, or any other use of the linked website.
HOW WE ATTEMPT TO SAFEGUARD YOUR INFORMATION
We maintain – and ask that any third-party partners who may store information on our behalf to maintain – administrative, technical and physical safeguards for the Website designed to protect your personal information against theft, loss, misuse or unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction of the personal information that we collect from you. We restrict access to personal information collected about you on the Website to our employees, our affiliates’ employees, those who are otherwise specified in this Privacy Policy, or others who need to know such information to provide services to you or in the course of conducting our business operations or activities. However, no website, application or transmission can guarantee security. Thus, while we have established and maintain what we believe to be reasonable procedures to protect the confidentiality, security, and integrity of personally identifying information obtained through the Website and we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us.
YOUR INFORMATION AND YOUR CHOICES
To the extent required by law, we provide you with reasonable access to the personally identifiable information you provide to us. Upon appropriate written request we will update or amend your information, but we reserve the right to use any information previously obtained to verify your identity or take other actions that we believe are appropriate and lawful. We will endeavor to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable. We may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive, require disproportionate technical effort, jeopardize the privacy of others, are impractical, or for which access is not otherwise required by local law. Please note we may need to retain certain information for record keeping purposes, and there may also be residual information that will remain within our databases and other records, which will not be removed from such locations. Finally, please note that we are not responsible for removing or deleting information from the databases of third parties (such as service providers) with whom we have shared information about you.
USE OF THE WEBSITE FROM OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES
We do not represent or warrant that the Website, or any part thereof, is appropriate or available for use in any particular geographic location. If you choose to access our Website, you do so on your own initiative and at your own risk, and are responsible for complying with all local laws, rules, and regulations applicable in your jurisdiction. Please note that the Website is hosted in the United States and is governed by United States law. If you are visiting the Website from outside the United States, please be aware that your information will be transferred to, stored and processed in the United States where our servers are located and our central database is operated. The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country. By using the Website, you consent to your information being transferred to our facilities and to the facilities of those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Privacy Policy.
PRIVACY QUESTIONS AND CONTACTING US
If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy, please contact us at info@cbtf.org.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to revise this Privacy Policy at any time. Please check back regularly to see if there have been any changes to this policy, which you can determine by reviewing the Effective Date listed below. By continuing to use the Website after those changes become effective, you consent and agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.
EUROPEAN UNION AREA, SWITZERLAND AND UNITED KINGDOM USERS
The following provisions applies only to users residing in the European Union Area (“EEA”), Switzerland and the United Kingdom (“UK”).
Please note, in May of 2018 a new data privacy law known as the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) went into effect. Pursuant to GDPR, we are required to provide those residing in the EEA, Switzerland and the United Kingdom (hereinafter, the “EU Users”) additional information and rights related to the “Personal Data” we collect about them. We summarize such information and rights below.
HOW TO CONTACT US
The Children’s Brain Tumor Foundation (the Data Controller) is the owner and operator of the Website. If you need to contact us for any reason related to this Privacy Policy or your use of the Website, please contact us at info@cbtf.org.
PURPOSE FOR INFORMATION COLLECTION
As noted in this Privacy Policy, you may visit our Website without being required to provide us with any Personal Data. However, should you decide to provide such information, the information we collect will be used to meet your requests, or to provide you with the applicable information or service requested, and as further described herein.
LEGAL GROUNDS FOR PROCESSING PERSONAL DATA
CBTF will process personal data that we receive from EU Users on the ground that it is in our legitimate interest for the effective administration of the Website, to fulfill and/or address your requests, or to provide the functionalities and features as further described herein.
YOUR INFORMATION AND YOUR CHOICES; WITHDRAWAL OF CONSENT
GDPR provides EU Users with additional rights in respect to the Personal Data we hold about you, including the right i) to be informed about the Personal Data we have collected, and ii) to request a copy of the Personal Data, and iii) to have your Personal Data deleted, and iv) to lodge a complaint about our processing of your Personal Data with your local supervisory authority. Upon appropriate written request we will update or amend your Personal Data, but we reserve the right to use any information previously obtained to verify your identity or take other actions that we believe are appropriate and lawful. You may access, correct, or request deletion of your Personal Data – or request that we stop any processing of your Personal Data – by contacting us. We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe.
Please note we may need to retain certain information for record keeping purposes, and there may also be residual information that will remain within our databases and other records, which will not be removed from such locations. Additionally, there may be circumstances in which we are not legally required to comply with your request because of the laws in your jurisdiction or because of exemptions provided in data protection legislation in general, and GDPR in particular. Finally, please note that we are not responsible for removing or deleting information from the databases of third parties (such as service providers) with whom we have shared information about you, but we will make the request on your behalf for such removal/deletion.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY/NOTE TO PARENTS OF CHILDREN RESIDING IN THE EEA, SWITZERLAND AND UK
Except as may be provided by a parent or guardian, we do not knowingly collect, use, or disclose personally identifiable information about visitors to our Website that are less than 16 years of age; please note that if you are a parent or guardian we ask that you do not provide confidential or sensitive information – including any medical or health related information – to us directly through this Website, or by email to any of the contact email addresses listed on this Website. If a child under the age of 16 submits information to us through any part of the Website and CBTF becomes aware that the user submitting the information is under the age of 16, the information provided will be deleted as soon as it is discovered and not used for any purpose. If you are the parent or guardian of a child under 16 years of age and believe that they have disclosed personally identifiable information to us, please contact us at info@cbtf.org and be sure to include in your message the same user name and password and/or email address that you believe your child submitted, if applicable.
PRIVACY POLICY EFFECTIVE DATE
This Privacy Policy is effective as of February 15, 2019.