http://ccofdance.com/terms-policies
Studio
Classes
Events
News
Gallery
Contact
Back
A place to be who you are
Teachers
Policies
Core Beliefs
Company
Parent Portal
COVID Safety Precautions
Back
Registration
Schedule
Scheduled Closures
Summer Camps
Back
Recital
Annual Ballet
Hearts for Heart's Sake
Children's Hospital Lobby
Terms & Privacy Terms & ConditionsWelcome to our website. If you continue to browse and use this website you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern our relationship with you in relation to this website.The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.All trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property of, or licensed to the operator, are acknowledged on the website.Unauthorized use of this website may give to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.From time to time this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s). PrivacyPolicyOur Commitment To PrivacyYour privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.The Way We Use InformationWe use the information you provide about yourself when placing a request/order only to complete that request/order. We do not share this information with outside parties unless required to do so by law. We use the information you provide about someone else to inform them of our services. We do not share this information with outside parties unless required to do so by law. We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.Our Commitment To Data SecurityTo prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.