https://girlsforachange.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
At Girls For A Change (GFAC), we care as much about the girls’ online safety as you do. That’s why we make all of our websites COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act) compliant and work with you to ensure a fun, healthy and safe online experience for girls.
Before you visit any of GFAC’s websites or submit any personal information, please read the following information and privacy policy. If you are under the age of 18, please ask your parents or guardians to read this policy with you. Please ask them to explain anything you do not understand and please get their permission before sharing any information, including your email address, with GFAC or anyone on the internet.
What is COPPA?
The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act is a United States federal law that regulates the online collection, use and disclosure of personal information from children under the age of 13. It requires that parents give their consent before personal information is collected online or is publicly disclosed online from or by children under 13 years old. The law also sets out the acceptable ways of determining consent and providing transparency online.
What if I want to review the information my child has provided or don’t want my child’s personal information collected or stored?
Parents are always welcome and encouraged to review the information their child is sharing online, and are encouraged to be active participants in all of their child’s activities. At GFAC, we see parent involvement as a vital part of maintaining a safe and healthy online environment. If you wish to review your child’s information, please email info@girlsforachange.org.
How does transfer of information in the event of change of ownership work?
GFAC reserves the right to transfer identifiable information in the event of a change of ownership of the GFAC to another organization that would continue to run the website in the same manner.