https://institute.progress.im/en/content/disclaimer-and-privacy-statement-1
Skip to main content
Home
Sites
Channels
Choose a channel
Check out the different Progress in Mind content channels.
Progress in Mind
Go to Progress in Mind
Main channel featuring interviews, articles, congress highlights and much more. Go to channel
Lundbeck Institute Campus
Go to Lundbeck Institute Campus
Medical education resource center in psychiatry and neurology. Go to channel
Select country
Progress in Mind GlobalFranceGreeceItalyMiddle East & North AfricaPortugalSouth AfricaSouth East AsiaEnglishEspañolFrançais
Login
Username or e-mail *
Password *
Request new password
Sign up for a personal login
NewsTopicsDepressionSchizophreniaParkinson's diseaseBipolar disorderAlzheimer’s diseaseResource LibraryAbout the Resource LibraryFeaturesImage BankDisease AtlasSlide LibraryInfographicsVideosPodcastsPaper of the monthMagazineAboutIntroducing the Lundbeck Institute CampusAbout The Lundbeck InstituteContactSearchEnglishEspañolFrançais
Enter your keywords
Disclaimer and privacy statement
Date published
22.05.2018
Share this
Privacy Information and Disclaimer
The website progress.im is owned and provided by:
H. Lundbeck A/SOttiliavej 92500 ValbyDenmark
(“Lundbeck”)
Company registration number: 56 75 99 13Telephone number: + 45 3630 1311
Contact us
The following describes how we handle personal data collected via the website as well as other legal information regarding our practices for this website.
Processing of Personal Data
As a provider of this website Lundbeck is a data controller of any personal data collected. Lundbeck is firmly committed to protecting the privacy of information we may collect from our online visitors. It is our intent to balance our legitimate business interests in collecting and using information received with the reasonable expectations of privacy from our online users.
In processing, personal data, Lundbeck will always comply with applicable legislation, including the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) and the Danish Act on Processing of Personal Data.
Personal identifiable data and purposes
General personal data:
Lundbeck collects personally identifiable data such as names, email address, profession, Country when this is provided voluntarily by you.
By use of cookies, we will also collect information on how you use our website and your online behaviour. The type of information gathered includes origin of the user, type of browser, operating system and search engine used, and length of visit on the site. For more information about how we use cookies, including for profiling purposes, please refer to our cookie policy here.
Special categories of personal data:
Generally, Lundbeck does not process special categories of personal data, unless you have provided us with such in-formation, e.g. by contacting us directly.
Your data may be processed for the following purposes:
To provide access to a specific part of our website, to provide or contact you regarding the services you have requested (such as email notification, e.g. email alert registration for investors), to carry out surveys about how to improve our service to you such as visitor feedback, to supply a reasonable level of services to our users, for complying with applicable legislation, namely within the pharmaceutical area and for other purposes directly requested by you.
The legal basis of processing of personal data
Lundbeck processes personal data when you have given your consent (GDPR Art. 6 (1) (a)), e.g. when accepting the use of cookies on the website.
However, in most cases Lundbeck will process personal data to comply with an agreement with you (GDPR Art. 6 (1) (b)) or to fulfill a legitimate interest, except where such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject which require protection of personal data (GDPR Art. 6 (1) (f)). A legitimate interest for Lundbeck can be the desire to improve the website, our services, examinations in relation to your inquiry, provision of services requested by you etc.
The processing of personal data relating to one of our medicinal products will most often be processed due to applicable legislation regarding pharmaceutical products, e.g. for pharmacovigilance purposes (GDPR Art. 9 (2) (i)) in case you provide us with such information. In this case we may process sensitive personal data about you.
Disclosure of personal data
Depending on which information you provide us with we may share this with third parties, including partners, collaborators, Lundbeck’s affiliates and/or authorities. For example, we will be obligated to transfer personal data to the relevant health authorities, if you provide us with information regarding side effects of one of our medicinal products.
Third party data processors
Lundbeck may choose to use data processors, e.g. hosting companies, and your personal data may then be transferred to and stored by third party specialists engaged by Lundbeck or other members of our Lundbeck Group, who will process your data on Lundbeck's behalf and assist in the provision of the content and services you request. These third party providers will be obligated by Lundbeck to safeguard the confidentiality of your data and to take adequate technical and organizational measures to protect your data against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss or alteration, unauthorized disclosure or abuse, or other unlawful processing.
Transfer of data to countries outside the EU/EEA
Your personal data is stored on Lundbeck computers/servers within the European Economic Area.
However, depending on the nature and context of the personal data we obtain via the website, your personal data may be transferred to a country outside of EU/EEA not providing an adequate level of protection. Lundbeck will ensure that such transfer(s) will be carried out in accordance with the applicable data protection legislation, including the GDPR, for example by choosing a recipient of data that adheres to the EU-US Privacy Shield (if the transfer is to the United States of America) or ensuring that the recipient enters into the EU standard contractual clauses with Lundbeck. The ”Standard Contractual Clauses” are available in several languages. You can find them here: https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/data-transfers-outside-eu/model-contracts-transfer-personal-data-third-countries_en .
If your personal data is transferred to other Lundbeck affiliates, the transfer will be based on the Lundbeck Intra Group Agreement set-up, as applicable from time to time. A copy hereof can be obtained by contacting Lundbeck.
Storage of Data (Data Retention)
Lundbeck will keep your personal data only for as long as reasonably necessary for the purposes for which it was collected or received or to comply with any applicable legal or ethical reporting or document retention requirements.
Security measures
Lundbeck will see to that the recorded data, including your personal data, is handled carefully and protected properly following the currently applicable safety standards. Lundbeck regularly audits its system for possible vulnerabilities and attacks.
Your rights as a data subject
Lundbeck has taken all necessary and adequate steps to protect your personal data and ensure your rights as a data subject.
According to the GDPR, you have certain rights described below. Please note that limitations may apply to your ability to exercise these rights, for example, when your right to obtain the information is found to be overwritten by essential considerations of private interests.
Right of access
You have the right to request access to the personal data Lundbeck processes about you.
Lundbeck must provide a copy of the personal data undergoing processing as a starting point free of charge or by electronic means, if the request has been submitted in a commonly used electronic form.
Right to rectification
You have the right to rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning you, including completion of incomplete personal data.
Right to erasure (right to be forgotten)
Under certain circumstances, you have the right to the erasure of the personal data concerning you.
Right to restriction
Under certain circumstances, you have the right to restrict Lundbeck's processing of personal data con-cerning you.
Right to data portability
Where processing is based on a consent or a contract and the processing is carried out by automated means, you have the right to receive the personal data concerning you in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. You have the right to transmit this personal data to a third party without hindrance from Lundbeck, If technically possible.
The right to object
Under certain circumstances, you have the right to object at any time to Lundbeck's processing of per-sonal data concerning you. For example, if you have requested to receive information from Lundbeck, e.g. newsletters, etc. and do not wish to be receive further information, you can easily opt out of receiving further information from us.
Automated individual decision-making, including profiling
As a general rule you have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated pro-cessing, including profiling, which produces legal effects or affects you significantly. This does not apply if among other things automated decision-making and profiling is necessary for entering into or per-formance of, a contract between you and Lundbeck.
If processing of your personal data is based on your consent, you may withdraw your consent at any time. Please note that this does not affect Lundbeck's processing of your personal data prior to the withdrawal of your consent.
If you want to exercise any of your rights as described above or have any question to that, please contact the Lundbeck Data Protection Officer by sending an email to dataprivacy@lundbeck.com.
Lundbeck Data Protection Officer
If you have any questions regarding Lundbeck processing of personal data, please contact the Lundbeck Data Protection Officer via dataprivacy@lundbeck.com
Filing of complaint
If your complaint is not resolved by Lundbeck to your satisfaction, you can choose to file a complaint to the Danish Data Protection Agency.
Danish Data Protection Agency (in Danish Datatilsynet)Borgergade 28, 51300, København KTelephone number: +45 33 19 32 00Email address: dt@datatilsynet.dkWebsite: www.datatilsynet.dk
Direct communication
Any questions, comments, suggestions, etc. that you may forward or transmit via the website will - to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law - become and remain the property of Lundbeck and will be treated as non-confidential, non-proprietary information that Lundbeck may use at its own discretion.
Disclaimer of liability
Lundbeck ensures that reasonable care is being taken to ensure that the website content is accurate and up-to-date, but all information is provided ‘as is’ and Lundbeck makes no warranties or representations of any kind as to accuracy, sequence, timeliness or completeness of the website content and may at any time at its sole discretion change or replace the information on the website and discontinue distributing the site without prior notice. The website may contain information on diseases and treatments: this information is intended for general guidance only and must never be a substitute for advice provided by a doctor or other qualified healthcare professional. To the extent permitted by mandatory law, Lundbeck shall not be liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect or punitive damages arising out of access to or use of any content on this site, including viruses, regardless of the accuracy or completeness of any such content. If you suspect you have a health problem, we strongly recommend that you contact your physician.
Links to other websites
The website may contain links to third party websites. Lundbeck disclaims any control over, relationship with, or endorsement of these sites and shall not be liable for any damages or injuries arising from the content of such sites. Links to other websites are provided only as a convenience and Lundbeck encourages that you read these third party websites' Terms of Use and Privacy Statements.
Intellectual property rights
The content of the website is subject to copyright protection and other intellectual property rights. The company names, trade names, logos and all product names are trademarks owned by Lundbeck. Any misuse of these trademarks is expressly forbidden. The content of the website may not be copied other than for personal and non-commercial use, with all copyright or other proprietary notices retained. Except as expressly provided above, it is not permitted to copy, display, download, modify, reproduce or retransmit any information on this website without the express written consent of Lundbeck.
Children
This website is not intended or designed to attract children under the age of 18 years. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable data from any person we know to be under the age of 18 years.
Governing law and venue
This disclaimer and the contents of this site shall be governed and interpreted by Danish law without regard to its conflict of law rules. Any dispute arising out of or in relation to this disclaimer shall, if it cannot be solved amicably, be decided exclusively by the Danish Courts in Copenhagen, Denmark.
Changes and questions
Any changes to this document will be communicated promptly on this page. If you have any further questions regarding this document or the website in general, please do not hesitate to contact us.
Country selection
We are registering that you are located in
Brazil - if that's correct then please continue to
Progress in Mind Brazil
Not located in Brazil?Go to a different regional HUB
Continue to Progress in MindContinue to Progress in Mind BrazilContinue to Progress in Mind MENAContinue to Progress in Mind SpainContinue to Progress in Mind Italy
You are leaving Progress in Mind
Continue to
Cancel
Hello Please confirm your email
We have just sent you an email, with a confirmation link. Before you can gain full access - you need to confirm your email.
Close this page
The information on this site is exclusively intented for health care professionals.
All the information included in the Website is related to products of the local market and, therefore, directed to health professionals legally authorized to prescribe or dispense medications with professional practice. The technical information of the drugs is provided merely informative, being the responsibility of the professionals authorized to prescribe drugs and decide, in each concrete case, the most appropriate treatment to the needs of the patient.
Accept
Decline
Congress
Register for access to Progress in Mind in your country
Sign me up