https://intaward.org/key-resources/policies/
Ready for change
COVID-19
About us
About the Award
History & Founder
Trustees/CEO
Diversity and Inclusion
Work with Us
Latest News
Do
The Framework
The Award near me
Alumni
Online Record Book
Deliver
The Award near me
Funding Adults in the Award
Award Community
Brand Centre
Deliver as an Organisation
Training – Events
Impact
Award Stories
Social Value
Theory of Change
Support
How
World Fellowship
Partnerships
Events
Wills & Legacies
Trusts & Foundations
What
Special Projects
Adults in the Award
Key Resources
Policies
Publications
Resources
ALUMNI
Contact us
Homepage / Resources / Policies
The Duke of Edinburgh’s International Award Foundation’s Policies and Resources
This page summarises The Duke of Edinburgh’s International Award Foundation (IAF) key documents, policies and procedures that govern how the Award operates around the world. The policies and resources all link directly to the National Award Operator (NAO), Operating Partner (OP) and Independent Award Centre (IAC) licences.
The adoption and implementation of these policies and guidance is critical to ensuring Operators meet and maintain the required Governance, Management and Delivery standards, as set out in the licences.
These key documents and policies will evolve over time as new tools emerge, processes are updated and developed, and the risks associated with an area of work changes in response to internal or external developments.
The policies and guidance are listed in alphabetical order.
Policies and guidance that are relevant for the IACs can be found here.
This page was last updated on: 11, August 2020
The Award Community
The Foundation’s principle resource for adults in the Award, administered by the Foundation. It provides online training, news information, a forum for discussion, contact links and other resources. You can log in directly by clicking on this link. Please contact your relevant Operations Manager (operations@intaward.org) for more information on how to integrate the use of the Award Community in your operations.
Adults Delivering the Award Policy
This policy is in development. The link references the Growing the Award Volunteer Network which details the policy, procedures and requirements relating to supporting and managing adults delivering the Award.
Adult Learning Policy
This policy is in development. The link references the current Award Learning Framework (2015) which sets out the guidance on minimum training requirements with which National Award Operators should comply.
Brand Guidelines for NAO Monolithic
The Brand Guidelines are determined by which branding route a country has chosen. They set out the elements governing the Award brand, the application of the logo and supporting visual images. This is the Brand Guidelines for National Award Operators who have chosen the Monolithic branding route.
Brand Guidelines for NAO Endorsement
The Brand Guidelines are determined by which branding route a country has chosen. They set out the elements governing the Award brand, the application of the logo and supporting visual images. This is the Brand Guidelines for National Award Operators who have chosen the Endorsement branding route.
Code of Conduct
Sets out the practices and behaviour expected of all adults in the Award, especially when it comes to ensuring the welfare of children, young people and vulnerable adults associated with the Award.
Please see International Handbook for Award page 36 for further information.
Evaluation and Reporting Requirements Policy
The Foundation provides reporting requirements including annual statistics and research deliverables, as well as how the IAF and NAOs use data.
Foundation Data Protection Policy
The Foundation Global Data Protection Policy (FGDPR) is based on the Global Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) an EU legislation that aims to give the residents of the EU more control over their data. Under this regulation, organisations that handle data of EU residents will have to comply with data and privacy rules.
Fundamental Principles, Operational Principles and Code of Practice
These form part of the “International Agreements” enshrined in the IAA Memorandum of Understanding, it sets out the principles, practices and behaviour of how the Award is to be run. These ensure that all Operators maintain comparable standards of practice as advised by the Duke of Edinburgh’s International Award, manage the Award fairly and impartially in all respects and ensures that the Award is open to all, subject to the age parameters.
Generic Sub-Licence and Guidance
This is the template Sub licence and guidance note provided for NAOs who are engaging in licence agreements with Award Centres.
Glossary of Terms
The glossary is a reference tool which can be used by anyone who is involved with the Award. This includes Award Operators, participants, partners, supporters, International Award Foundation staff and Trustees. It provides the agreed definitions by the Foundation and its Operators.
Guiding Principles
The Guiding Principles are designed to ensure that a young person has a meaningful and purposeful journey through their Award, as well as ensuring that the impact of achieving their Award provides a lasting personal legacy.
The Award’s guiding principles are:  individual, non-competitive, achievable, voluntary, development, balanced, progressive, inspiration, persistence and enjoyable.
Please see International Handbook for Award Leaders page 14 for further information.
International Award Association (IAA) Global Strategy
A document that sets out the strategy for the Association as a whole in developing and growing the Award worldwide. The current strategy projects forward to 2023.
International Award Association (IAA) Memorandum of Understanding
One of the Key Governing Documents that governs the establishment of the Association, its purpose and principles of operation. It replaced the previous International Award Association (IAA) constitution.
Key Governing Documents
Our terms of reference.
Operational Guidelines
The Operational Guidelines clarifies and interprets the International Agreements, helping Award Operators to deliver the Award in a manner suited to their circumstances while maintaining the ethos and principles outlined by the Founder. These form part of the “International Agreements” enshrined in the IAA MoU and are the ten principles that underpin the philosophy of the Award.
Quality Assurance Toolkit
The toolkit assists National Award Operators (NAOs) and Operating Partners (OPs) to establish and maintain effective quality assurance in their Operations by providing templates and examples for Operators to adopt as suitable and implement through all levels of Award delivery.
Risk Management Register
This register is intended to provide a framework for the management of risk and to increase overall awareness of risk throughout the Association and to enable Operators and those responsible for risk reporting to better identify, assess and control risks within their areas. It seeks to enforce ownership and defines roles and responsibilities to help ensure the risk management process is understood. It is provided in an excel editable format to allow for use by Operators.
Safeguarding Policy
The Foundation’s Safeguarding Policy sets out the practices and behaviour expected of all adults in the Award, especially when it comes to ensuring the welfare of children, young people and vulnerable adults associated with the Award.
Serious Incident Policy
The Foundation’s Serious Incident Reporting Policy sets out the procedure for Operators to report alleged and serious incidents. Operators are responsible for the safeguarding and safety of their participants, staff and volunteers, and must ensure robust systems are in place for recognising, reporting, investigating and responding to Serious Incidents and for arranging and resourcing investigations.
The effective management of incidents is essential to the provision of a safe and secure environment for the participants of the Award as well as our staff and volunteers.
Trustees’ Toolkit
The toolkit is provided as guidance on key elements of governance for Operators, specifically National Award Operators (NAOs) to help set up and maintain effective governance structures in order to comply with licensing requirements.
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However you may visit Cookie Settings to provide a controlled consent.Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non Necessary
non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Save & Accept