https://jis.gov.jm/privacy-policy/
Advertisement
Skip to content
Jamaica Information Service
COVID-19NewsFeatures
Innovations
TVRadioInformation
About Jamaica
HistoryEmancipationEmancipation StalwartsIndependenceAnthem & PledgeNational HeroesNational SymbolsNational AwardsHeritage SitesHeritage in Dance & MusicParish Profiles
Get the Facts
Get the Facts: Child Support in Jamaica
Get the Facts: Epilepsy Awareness
Get the Facts – Telemedicine
Get the Facts – Coronavirus and the New Academic Year
Get the Facts – The Indigent Housing Programme
Tips
Do’s and Don’ts in Communicating with the Deaf and Hard of Hearing
Back to School Health Tips: Properly Wash Your Hands
Flood Safety Tips
Landslide Safety Tips
Earthquake Safety Tips
FAQs
How Do I protect Myself From Cybercrimes?
What Are The Damages That A Hurricane Can Cause?
What Are The Hurricane Categories?
Returning Residents | Your Safety and Security Guide to Resettling in Jamaica
Returning Residents | Returning Citizens’ Information Guide
More
Ananda AlertsBudgetHeritage CompetitionCalendarFamous JamaicansNational Honours and Awards RecipientsNationality and CitizenshipReturning ResidentsJamaicans Overseas & Consular Affairs DepartmentEligibility and Basic Provisions for Returning Resident StatusEdward Seaga Tribute
Government
Profiles
Governor-GeneralPrime MinisterOpposition LeaderMinistersMembers of Parliament of JamaicaSenatorsCouncillors
Branches
The MonarchThe ExecutiveThe LegislatureThe JudiciaryThe Opposition
Speeches
Governor-GeneralPrime MinisterOpposition LeaderBudget and Sectoral DebatesAll Speeches
Documents
The ConstitutionLaws of JamaicaTax ReformCommunication PolicyAll Documents
More
GOJ ProcurementsJIS Bulletin PageMinistriesAgenciesContractor GeneralChecks & BalancesProtocolTable of PrecedenceOfficial VisitsGOJ Websites
Corporate
Departments
EditorialRadioTelevisionPhoto UnitResearch and PublicationsPublic Relations and MarketingComputer Services
Leadership
Advisory BoardManagement
Career Opportunities
Administrative Assistant - Office Management
PR Executive
Senior Creative Production Co-ordinator
Writer/Producer/Presenter - Radio Department
Contact
Government of Jamaica
Search JIS
Keyword
Date Range
Category
All Categories
2019/20 State of the Nation Debate
2022 Census
Agriculture
Ananda Alerts
Budget 2014/2015
Budget 2015/2016
Budget 2016/2017
Budget 2017/2018
Budget 2018/2019
Budget 2019/2020
Budget 2020/2021
Cabinet
CARICOM
Christmas
Civil Servants of the Year
Climate Change
Commerce
Community
Coronavirus
Culture
Cybersecurity
Development
Diaspora
Disaster Relief
Economic Growth & Job Creation
Education
Election 2016
Election 2020
Emancipation
Energy
Entertainment
Environment
Excellence in the Civil Service
Executive
Featured
Finance & Public Service
Finance and Planning
Fire Safety
Fisheries
Foreign Affairs
Gender Affairs
General Election
Governor General
Health & Wellness
Heritage Competition 2016
Honours and Awards
HOPE Programme
Housing
Independence
Industry
Information
Innovation
International Women's Day
Investment
Jamaica 55
Jamaican Diaspora
JIS Studio 58A
JIS Think Tank
Justice
Kenyan President Visit
KingstOOn
Labour
Lady Allen
Local Government
Mining
National Honour
National Security
Office of the Cabinet
Office of the Political Ombudsman
Office of the Prime Minister
Official Visits
Opposition
Parliament
PetroCaribe
Prime Minister
Prime Minister's Speeches
Remembrance Day
Riverton Landfill
Rural Development
Science
Sectoral Debate 2014/2015
Sectoral Debate 2015/2016
Sectoral Debate 2016/2017
Sectoral Debate 2017/2018
Sectoral Debate 2018/2019
Sectoral Debate 2019/2020
Sectoral Debate 2020/2021
Senate
Social Security
Speeches
Sport
Technology
Throne Speech 2020
Tourism
Transport
Tribute
Uncategorized
Urban Renewal
US President Visit
US Secretary of State
Vision 2030
Water
Weather
Weather and Climate Change
Works / Construction
Year in Review 2013
Youth
Content Type
Content Type
All Content Types
Posts
Pages
Media
Features
Speeches
Photo of the Day
Radio Programmes
Videos
Get the Facts
25 Days of Christmas
Frequently Asked Questions
Tips
Symbols
Heroes
Famous Jamaicans
Official Visits
National Awards
Profiles of Government Leaders and JIS Leadership
Ministries
Ministers
Agencies
GOJ Documents
GOJ Websites
JIS Pages
Advisory Board Members
Procurements
Departments
Events
Privacy Policy
Home >
Privacy Policy
Advertisements
Photo of the day
Justice Minister, Delroy Chuck, signs a $10-million Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) with UNICEF Country Representative, Mariko Kagoshima, today (December 9), at the Ministry’s head office at 61 Constant Spring Road in Kingston.
Click to view more
Latest stories
National Security
December 10, 2020
Merger Of PCOA And PSC Still On
Energy
December 10, 2020
Petrojam Donates $350,000 Worth Of Fuel To Support COVID Fight
Information
December 10, 2020
Offender Management Policy To Be Developed For DCS
Industry
December 10, 2020
PICA Receives ISO 9001:2015 Certification
JIS radio
December 7, 2020
JCF Implements Social Interventions in St. James to Curtail Crimes
Feature | Presented by: Anjuii James Sawyers
December 7, 2020
Women’s Centre of Jamaica Foundation (WCJF) Continues Support of Teen Mothers Amidst Covid19
Feature | Presented by: Vanessa Silvera
December 7, 2020
Sports Spotlight December 3 2020
Sports Spotlight | Presented by: Lorraine Mendez
Get the facts
December 7, 2020
Get the Facts: Child Support in Jamaica
Effective date: June 1, 2018
Jamaica Information Service (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the https://jis.gov.jm website and the JIS Mobile application (the “Service”).
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
Information Collection And Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
1. Personal Data
While using our Service, and particularly when completing media accreditation and subscription forms, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Data”). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
First name and last name
Phone number
Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City
Passport Number
Date of Birth
Nationality
Name of Employer
Job Title/Position
Photograph
Flight information
Airline
Date of arrival
Date of departure
Flight Number
Port of Disembarkment
Cookies and Usage Data
2. Usage Data
We may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service or when you access the Service by or through a mobile device (“Usage Data”).
This Usage Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
When you access the Service by or through a mobile device, this Usage Data may include information such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
3. Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.
Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Use of Data
Jamaica Information Service uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain the Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer care and support
To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the Service
To monitor the usage of the Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
Transfer Of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside Jamaica and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to Jamaica and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Jamaica Information Service will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure Of Data
Legal Requirements
Jamaica Information Service may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of Jamaica Information Service
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
Security Of Data
Our website uses SSL encryption to ensure that your data is protected during transmission. Upon successful submission, your data will be securely stored on our server and protected by a Firewall. We use regular malware scanning to ensure that the Service is protected so as to prevent unauthorized access to your data.
Disclaimer
While security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Removal of Data
If you wish to have your data removed, please contact us:
By email: webteam@jis.gov.jm
By phone number: 1 (876) 926-3590
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service (“Service Providers”), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Google Analytics – Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 (“Children”).
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the “effective date” at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email: webteam@jis.gov.jm
By phone number: 1 (876) 926-3590
Advertisements
Jamaica Information Service
News
Merger Of PCOA And PSC Still On
Petrojam Donates $350,000 Worth Of Fuel To Support COVID Fight
Offender Management Policy To Be Developed For DCS
PICA Receives ISO 9001:2015 Certification
No Permits Granted For Parties – Minister Mckenzie
Contact Office:
58a Half Way Tree Road, Kingston 10
Jamaica, W.I
Tel:
1 (876) 926-3590-4
1 (876) 926-3740-6
Email: Send us your query
Skip to content
Open toolbar
Accessibility Tools
Increase Text
Decrease Text
Grayscale
High Contrast
Negative Contrast
Light Background
Links Underline
Readable Font
Reset