https://kidshealth.org/en/kids/homework-help.html?view=contactus&WT.ac=cus-en-kids-homework-help.html&src=foot
Thank you for your interest in contacting KidsHealth. We welcome any comments you might have about the content and design of our website. We love to hear your suggestions!
Sorry, We Can't Reply
KidsHealth can provide you with lots of general information to help you better understand health issues, but we regret that we can't send you a personal reply to any inquiry. Although we cannot reply personally, we do read all of our messages and take your input seriously.
Why Not?
The best person to give you medical advice, diagnoses, and treatment is your doctor or other qualified medical professional. That's because getting good care means talking personally with your doctor, who can learn about you and ask you questions, carry out an exam, and — when necessary — order tests.
Your doctor also can help guide you to qualified psychologists and others expert in emotional and behavioral issues. The KidsHealth website is for educational purposes only.
What if You're a Kid or a Teen and Have a Question?
The first place to start is with your parent, who can either talk to you about your concern or help you find someone who can answer your question. Your doctor, school nurse or counselor, or another adult relative also can provide guidance on where to find the help you need.
Is This an Emergency?
If this is an emergency, contact emergency services in your area.
About Privacy
Be assured that the KidsHealth Privacy Policy will protect your confidentiality. All information provided on this page is inserted only in the message and is not otherwise stored.
Please fill out the form below. We look forward to hearing your thoughts!
This field is required - please complete and try again...
How did you find the KidsHealth.org website?
This field is required - please complete and try again...
Tell us why you're contacting us:
Where should we direct your message?
Kids Mailbox — Send us your comments about our Kids section.
Teens Mailbox — Send us your comments about our Teens section.
Parents Mailbox — Send us your comments about our Parents section.
General Comments — Send us your general comments, praise, or complaints about our site. Also use this mailbox for reporting broken links or to communicate privacy concerns.