http://kids.summum.us/privacy.php
sm
Kids.summum.us
Privacy
Kids.summum.us respects your privacy. This page explains our policy about how we gather information and what we do with it.
Web Server Logs
Each time you visit our site, our webserver automatically receives and records information in our server logs. This information comes from your browser and includes things such as your IP address, cookie information, and other access details. This information is used only to maintain and administer our website and to gather broad demographic information.
Games
Kids.summum.us requests your name when you play some of the interactive games on this site. Your name is only used for purposes of the game and is not recorded.
Cookies
Cookies are small bits of information that can be stored on your computer. Kids.summum.us may set and access cookies on your computer for the purpose of making pages interactive. These cookies are not tied into any type of personally identifiable information.
Permission To Use Your Content
By transmitting any type of information to us, you automatically grant us the right to use the information in any manner we deem useful.
Children
We do not collect or use any online contact information or identifiable off-line contact information about a child without parental consent. We do not distribute personally identifiable information about children without parental consent. We do not give children the ability to post or distribute personal information without prior consent.
Sharing Information
We may share demographic information with partners. If necessary, we will provide information to judicial and governmental agencies as required by law.
Privacy Policy Changes
Kids.summum.us may update this privacy policy at any time. Changes will be posted to this page so that you can always refer to it regarding how we gather and disseminate information. We suggest you check this page periodically for changes and before using our site. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy that was in effect when the information was collected.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about our website or privacy policy, please contact:
« Back