https://kyband.com/information/privacy/
The Judges Box
Articles / F.A.Q.
Judging Sheets
Contact Us
Search
Search kyband.com
Search Contest Scores
Site Map
December 10, 2020
We recognize and respect your need for privacy and security as you visit our site. When you visit our site to view any pages, you do so without telling us who you are and without revealing any personal information. While we do not collect identifying information about visitors to our site, we do use standard software to collect information for the strict purpose of tracking activity on our site. This allows us to better understand how many people use our site and which pages and features are most popular. The only information we normally collect and store is:
The name of your Internet service provider.
The web site that referred you to us (if any).
The date and time the pages were accessed.
The page or pages you requested.
The type of operating system and browser you use.
There are instances where you may elect to provide us with personal information. If you fill out one of our feedback or request forms or send us email or join our newsletter and email list, you are transmitting the information that appears to you in the form or the message. This will typically include information like your name, mailing address, email address, the kind of request you are making, and any other information necessary to fulfill your request. You never transmit personally identifying information that you do not enter yourself. Submitting any of these forms is always your option; this information cannot be collected unless you specifically elect to send it to us. This information is used internally only for the purpose of fulfilling the request or for contacting you directly and is not given or sold to any other organization.
When you submit personally identifying information via one of our feedback or application forms, that information is also encrypted, or scrambled, by your browser before it is transmitted back to our web site. This effectively prevents anyone from intercepting and reading any personal information about you. Note that this encryption does not take place if you send us email, but only when you use your web browser with one of our site’s forms.
We hope you find our website useful and informative and are always willing to answer questions and receive suggestions. If you have either, please e-mail us at mail@kyband.com. Thank you.
We reserve the right to change our privacy policy. A revised policy statement will only apply to data collected subsequent to its effective date. Any revisions may be posted without notice.
About
Contact Us
Disclaimer
Privacy
Articles / F.A.Q.
Site Map
Sponsors
Sponsor Info
Terms of Service
© kyband.com - The Kentucky Band Website, 2020 - All rights reserved.  |  Hosted by KOHOSTING.NET | A KYB Services Website