https://legal.ubi.com/InterestBasedAdvertising/en-US?cache=22828524de97e0687d728e89b46a300c
Interest Based Advertising and Custom Content
Ubisoft displays interest-based advertising content on our owned or operated sites and on unaffiliated sites. Interest based ads (also sometimes referred to as customized, tailored or targeted ads) are displayed to you on based on information collected from your activities, including but not limited to, browsing or purchasing products on or through our websites, mobile sites and applications or on third party websites, mobile sites and applications, or based on your responses to our marketing emails (collectively, the "Services"). For instance, you may see an advertisement on a Ubisoft or third party site for a new game we think you might enjoy, based on information indicating your interest in similar products.
Information Collected: Pursuant to the terms of our Privacy Policy, the information collected and used for interest based advertising may contain the following, without limitation: age, gender, device unique identity or other device identifiers and settings, information about your use of the Services or other Internet sites, information about advertisements or our marketing emails viewed by you (including as date and time viewed, number of views, the location and duration, and your response, if any).
Third Party Technologies: Analytics tools and ad serving technologies may use server log files, web beacons, cookies, tracking pixels and other technologies to collect the information listed above. They may combine the information collected through Ubisoft products and Services with (a) information collected from third party sites, products and services and/or (b) with demographic, advertisement, market and other analytics data. In addition, some of these technologies can sync or connect your behavior across different websites, mobile apps and devices.
We make our best efforts to provide you with (a) the list of third parties whose ad serving technologies are used in our Services, (b) links to these partners’ own privacy policies according to which their tools and technologies are used, and (c) when available, a link to allow you to opt-out from these partners’ services. To that end, you will find such non-exhaustive list here: https://legal.ubi.com/cookies/.  Alternatively, you can opt out of some third-party technology’s use of cookies for interest-based advertising by visiting aboutads.info. Of course, please note that opting out does not mean you won't see ads; it just means that the advertising you see may be less relevant to your interests.
Standing alone, this information may not be personal information. However, if we combine any of this information with personal information to serve you interest based advertising, then we will provide you an opportunity to choose whether or not to allow such merger, as further described in the Custom Content Section below.
Custom Content: We may, depending on your preferences, also combine your Personal Information (as defined in our Privacy Policy) with the information you have independently provided third parties, in order to tailor advertisements for you on our Services and/or on third party sites. If you do not wish Ubisoft to combine your Personal Information with that of our third party partners, please ensure the box next to "Share my information with select third parties" in your Uplay account settings is unchecked. If this box is unchecked, Ubisoft will not share your Personal Information with partners to tailor ads for you. Please note that deciding not to participate in Custom Content will not change the behavior of third parties collecting information on the Services; for more information as to how to opt-out of third party collection please do go to: https://legal.ubi.com/cookies/.
Do Not Track: Do Not Track (DNT) is a web browser setting that is currently under development. While we may adopt a DNT standard if a universal standard is established, in the meantime we adhere to the standards set out in this policy and our Privacy Policy. For more information about DNT, please see: Learn about Do Not Track.