http://makingfriends.com/privacy-statement/
EVERY FRIDAY GET 15% OFF ON DOWNLOADS. USE COUPON CODE: DOWNLOADDAY
HOME
NEW
ABOUT US
CONTACT
BLOG
FAQ
+MEMBERS
CONTEST
Leading your troop just got easier.
Login
or
Register
0 item(s)
- $0.00
No products in the cart.
Home of the Badge in a Bag®
VIRTUAL MEETINGS
Program Ideas
Friendship Swaps
INTERNATIONAL
PATCHES
shop
my account
my Account
my Downloads
Cart
Checkout
+MEMBERS
Menu
VIRTUAL MEETINGS
Program Ideas
Friendship Swaps
INTERNATIONAL
PATCHES
shop
my account
my Account
my Downloads
Cart
Checkout
+MEMBERS
Home>Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement for
MakingFriends.com
MakingFriends.com, Inc. has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website.
MakingFriends.com, Inc. complies with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA.) This means that we never collect personal information from children under 13 years of age.
MakingFriends.com never sells or gives your email address or other personal information to anyone for any purpose. MakingFriends.com never uses any information collected for any other purpose than that which is requested by the individual providing it. MakingFriends.com never sends out spam.
We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is used to help identify you and your shopping cart.
Our site uses cookies to keep track of your shopping cart.
Our site’s registration form, on-line survey, and contest  forms may ask users to volunteer contact information (like their name and email address) and demographic information (like their zip code). This is all optional. The customer’s contact information is used to contact the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings by clicking on the link at the bottom of our emails. Profile data (like troop level) may be collected at our site. We use this data to tailor our site. This information may be shared with advertisers on an aggregate basis. You can disable and/or opt out of cookie usage either through their browser preferences or through an opt out such as the Network Advertising site.
(https://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp).
This site contains links to other sites. MakingFriends.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
Our site uses an order form for customers to request products. We collect visitor’s contact information (like their email address) and financial information (like their credit card numbers). Contact information from the order form is used to send orders to our customers and to get in touch with the visitor when necessary. Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products.
We use an outside ad company to display ads on our site. These ads may contain cookies. While we use cookies in other parts of our website, cookies received with ads are collected by our ad company, and we do not have access to this information.
Correct/Update
This site gives users the option of removing, changing or modifying information previously provided by emailing [email protected]
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, you can contact
Terri Bose
MakingFriends.com, Inc.
7 Dogwood Road
Kings Park, NY 11754
[email protected]
Our Newsletter
VIRTUAL EVENTS Current Month december, 2020
Our Social Media!
Categories
PROGRAM IDEAS
YOUTH SQUAD
CRAFTS
COMMUNITY SERVICE
FREEBIES
GS INTERESTS
PATCHES
FRIENDSHIP SWAPS
VIRTUAL MEETING IDEAS
INTERNATIONAL
On Facebook
Girl Scout Leader 411 from MakingFriends.com
*MakingFriends®.com. is not affiliated with, endorsed by or a licensee of Girl Scouts of the USA.
© 2020 Making Friends. All Rights Reserved. | Privacy Statement | User Agreement | Terms & Conditions | FAQ |
‹
›
×
X
X