https://manito-wish.org/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for (https://manito-wish.org/).
This Privacy Policy sets out how we will treat the personal information which you provide to us while using the website located at www.manito-wish.org (the “site”) and/or the services provided from it (the “services”). We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors; this policy sets out how we will treat your personal information.
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time and such changes shall be effective from the date and time the revised Privacy Policy is posted on the site. The site, together with all its content is owned or controlled by Camp Manito Wish unless otherwise specified.
(1) What information do we collect?
To provide the site and the services, it is necessary for us to hold and process certain personal information.  Our primary goal in collecting personal data is to provide you with a high quality site. We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal information:
(a) information provided for your user profile, public profile, registration details and any events you upload to the site such as demographic information.
(b) information about your computer and about your visits to and use of this website (including your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views, website navigation).
(c) information relating to member dues
(d) any other information that you choose to send to us.
(2) Cookies and site analytics
A cookie consists of information sent by a web server to a web browser, and stored by the browser. The information is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. This enables the web server to identify and track the web browser. We use cookies while you access the site to avoid the need to re-enter details on different occasions, to improve the quality of our service, for storing user preferences and tracking user trends (such as how people use the site). If you do not wish to receive cookies, you may change the settings on your computer or browser accordingly. Note that some of the functionality of this site will be compromised by blocking cookies.
We use Google Analytics to analyze the use of this website.  Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies stored on users’ computers.  The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google will store this information.  Google’s privacy policy is available at: http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html.
(3) Using your personal information
Personal information submitted to us via this website will be used to:
(a) administer the site;
(b) improve your browsing experience by personalizing the site and to inform future developments of the site;
(c) enable your use of the services available on the site, including published member and trainer listings and events listings;
(d) administer and collect member dues and keep records of payment and non-payment;
(f) send you general (non-marketing) communications about the business of Camp Manito Wish;
(i) deal with inquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to the website.
Where you submit personal information for publication on the site, we will publish and otherwise use that information in accordance with the permission you grant to us. The information you would like to be published is controlled through the privacy settings of the ‘My information’ page.
[A statement about information sharing with our payment provider will be placed here when the site starts to take payments]
(4) Controlling, updating, accessing and changing your personal information (including email notifications)
All your personal details are accessible by calling our  office.
(5) Disclosures
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your explicit permission or are required by law to do so. We may disclose information about you to our members of Camp Manito Wish’s committees or their agents insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes as set out in this privacy policy (for example the dues collection process), or where Camp Manito Wish needs to do so in order to run its business (for instance where Camp Manito Wish outsources services for the processing of data).
We may also disclose personal information if we believe that doing so is necessary to (a) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request, (b) enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations thereof, (c) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, or (d) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Camp Manito Wish, its users or the public as required or permitted by law.
(6) International data transfers
Personal information that you submit for publication on the website will be published on the internet and may be available, via the internet, around the world.  We cannot prevent the use or misuse of such information by others. In using the site, you expressly agree to such transfers of personal information.
(7) Security of your personal information
We will take reasonable technical and organizational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information. We will store all the personal information you provide on our secure servers. All financial transactions you make with us will be encrypted using SSL technology.
Data transmission over the internet is inherently insecure and we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the internet.  Camp Manito Wish protects the confidentiality of information members send and receive by using a system of password protection for the website and a data storage solution with built-in security features. However, members are reminded of guidance from their own professional bodies about sending client/patient identifiable data across the Internet. You should not post such information in the eForum area.
You are responsible for keeping your password and user details confidential.
(8 ) Policy amendments
We may update this privacy policy from time-to-time by posting a new version on the site. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent.
(9) Third party websites
The site contains links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.