https://mcescher.com/terms-of-service/
Skip to content
Terms of Service & Privacy Policy
Home|Terms of Service & Privacy Policy
Last modified on July 18, 2019.
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which The M.C. Escher Company, B.V. collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the mcescher.com website (“Site”). This Terms of Service and Privacy Policy apply to the Site and all products and services offered by The M.C. Escher Company, B.V.
Please read these Terms of Service and Privacy Policy (“Agreement”, “Terms of Service”) carefully before using mcescher.com (“the Site”) operated by The M.C. Escher Company, B.V. (“us”, “we”, or “our”). This Agreement sets forth the legally binding terms and conditions for your use of the Site at mcescher.com.
By accessing or using the Site in any manner, including, but not limited to, visiting or browsing the Site or contributing content or other materials to the Site, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Service.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, place an order, fill out a form and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information, and other information necessary to complete purchases.
Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously.
We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
The M.C. Escher Company, B.V. collects and uses Users personal information for the following purposes:
To improve customer service: Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To personalize user experience: We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
To improve our Site: We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To process transactions: We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service. To send periodic emails
The email address Users provide for order processing, will only be used to send them information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, and/or other requests or questions. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or User may contact us via our Site.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners or trusted affiliates for the purposes outlined above. We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
Third party websites
Users may find other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.
Changes to this privacy policy
The M.C. Escher Company, B.V. has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Intellectual Property
The Site and its original content, features and functionality are owned by The M.C. Escher Company, B.V. and are protected by international copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws. International Copyright laws protect all of the work of M.C. Escher. Any reproduction of his work, including downloading, is prohibited without the express written permission of the copyright holder, The M.C. Escher Company, B.V.
No part of this website and or works by M.C. Escher may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or any information storage and retrieval system, without prior permission in writing by The M.C. Escher Company B.V.
Termination
We may terminate your access to the Site, without cause or notice, which may result in the forfeiture and destruction of all information associated with you. All provisions of this Agreement that by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity, and limitations of liability.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy and terms of service. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Governing Law
This Agreement (and any further rules, polices, or guidelines incorporated by reference) shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Netherlands, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
The M.C. Escher Company, B.V.
mcescher.com
P.O.Box 101
3740 AC Baarn
The Netherlands
Tel: + 31-(0)35-541.80.41
info@mcescher.com
Phone: + 31 (0)35 541 80 41
Email: info@mcescher.com
Web:
https://mcescher.com
Copyright & Licensing
Terms of Service & Privacy Policy
About this website
Shop
FAQ's
M.C. Escher Foundation
Contact
International shipping is impacted due to the global COVID-19 / Corona virus. Even inside the EU you can expect some delays. Please be aware of this if your order is time sensitive.
Due to increasing costs we have adjusted shipping rates outside of the EU.
We are very sorry for the inconvenience.
Stay Healthy! Dismiss
This website uses cookies for basic functionality and its webshop.
Ok
Go to Top