https://mcm.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
The Minnesota Children’s Museum is committed to maintaining your confidence and trust. Accordingly, we maintain the following privacy policy to protect personal information provided by you.
Personal Information that Minnesota Children’s Museum May Collect Online
Minnesota Children’s Museum collects the following types of personal information: names, postal and email addresses, phone and facsimile numbers, billing information, and complaint information.
Minnesota Children’s Museum does not knowingly collect or maintain any personal information from children under the age of 13.
How Minnesota Children’s Museum May Use Personal Information Collected Online
Unless you consent otherwise, Minnesota Children’s Museum will use your personal information only for the purpose for which it was submitted, such as to replying to inquiries, handling your complaints, and processing billing and business requests related to program participation. At any time you may add or remove your name from our mailing list by contacting us or by calling 651-225-6000.
How Your Information May Be Shared
From time to time, Minnesota Children’s Museum will trade email lists with other like-minded organizations. You may opt out of the list trades at anytime by contacting us or call 651-225-6000.
Help Us Keep Your Personal Information Accurate
If your personal information changes or you would like to review the personal information we may have on file, please email us with the new information or your review request contacting us.
Problems
If you have a complaint about Minnesota Children’s Museum’s compliance with this privacy policy, you may contact us by contacting us or calling 651-225-6000.
Photography Permission Policy
Periodically, the Minnesota Children’s Museum takes photographs and video of Museum visitors and activities for use in promotional and editorial material. With admission into the Museum, you give permission to the Museum for the recording of photographs and/or video of yourself and your dependents. You grant the Museum all rights to use these still or moving images for educational, promotional, advertising, and other purposes which advance the overall mission of the Museum, “to spark children’s learning through play.” All rights to the photographs and video belong to the Museum. Please notify the Box Office if you do not consent to this policy.
Pin It on Pinterest
X