https://mychurchwebsite.net/privacy_policy.php
MyCHURCHWEBSITE.NET Privacy Policy
All information is held in mychurchwebsite.net's database and, under normal circumstances, is only accessible by mychurchwebsite.net's site administration. We do no give out your information in any way or form to third party venders. We do however reserve the right to transfer the information in the event mychurchwebsite.net should sell its book of business or merge with another company. Obviously the information would have to be transferred in order to continue service for you. Acceptance of these terms of service means you agree with this policy.
This website's administrator may personalize your experience by using your voluntarily-submitted personal information to shape this organization's recommendations about the services that might be of interest to you. This organization also monitors traffic patterns and account usage to help them develop the design and layout of the site. They may also use the information they collect to occasionally notify you about important functionality and content changes to the web site. If you would rather not receive this information, you may simply withdraw yourself from the list by requesting to do so.
What about "cookies"?
"Cookies" are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. This site uses cookies to speed navigation, keep track of members, and provide you with custom-tailored content. This site also use cookies to remember information you gave them so you don't have to reenter it each time you visit the site. By showing this organization how and when visitors use the site, cookies also help them see which areas are popular and which are not. Many improvements and updates to the site are based on the data derived from these cookies, such as total number of visitors and pages viewed. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you'd prefer, you can set yours to refuse cookies.
What is your policy if I link to a third-party web site?
When you click on links that take you to third-party web sites, you will be subject to the third parties' privacy policies and their terms of service. While we support the protection of privacy on the internet, mychurchwebsite.net cannot be responsible for the actions of third parties. We encourage you to read the posted privacy statement and terms of service whenever interacting with any web site.
Your Consent
By using this web site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by mychurchwebsite.net and by the client for which the information is intended. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes, with or without notice to you, on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. It is your responsibility to keep yourself current.