https://nccamp.com/privacy-statement/
Skip to content
office@nccamp.com
203-710-5771
National Computer Camps, Inc. gathers personally identifiable data (such as first name, last name and postal address) online only through e-mail requests voluntarily submitted to NCC. Any information provided to NCC in such an e-mail is used only for the purposes specified by the user sending the e-mail (for example, a request to receive a reference list). Furthermore, such e-mail requests are promptly processed by NCC and then promptly deleted. No information collected through such e-mail requests — or any other data collected by NCC (including through written applications, course selection forms, background forms and health forms) — are sold or licensed to any third parties. In addition, none of these data collected by NCC are shared or otherwise provided to any third parties except camp employees, agents or similar third parties required to have such data in connection with administering the camps (for example, camp instructors, camp administrators, physicians and others). All such data are used only for the purposes for which they are voluntarily submitted to NCC.
NCC may offer links to other sites. If you visit one of these linked sites, you should review their privacy policy and other policies. NCC is not responsible for the policies of other sites.
Please note that NCC may change its privacy policy, so we suggest that you check here periodically. In order to review, modify, or instruct NCC with respect to any personal information that NCC has about you, please contact us by e-mail, postal mail, or telephone below.
A NOTE TO PARENTS ON OUR PRIVACY POLICY REGARDING CHILDREN
NCC is very sensitive to privacy issues and is especially careful in any communications with children. Online, we collect only limited personal information from children (like their name and address) in response to their voluntary e-mail requests. For example, we may collect a child’s postal address in order to send a free camp brochure, and we promptly delete the e-mail request and the postal address from our system. Therefore, any such personal data collected from children are used solely by NCC to fulfill their requests. We urge parents to regularly monitor and supervise their children’s online activities.