https://news.stv.tv/terms-of-use
Top StoriesAcross ScotlandSportPoliticsEntertainment
Terms of UseThese terms of use apply to our News website (www.stv.tv/news) and our News application (App”) (the “Services”), regardless of the platform you use to access them.THESE TERMS OF USE ARE IMPORTANT FOR YOU AND FOR US.
THEY EXPLAIN:your rights and responsibilitiesour responsibilities to youhow we expect you to interact with our Services and with other usersBy using our Services, you are presumed to have read and understood these Terms of Use. They will change from time to time, so please take a fresh look every so often. Where any additional terms apply, they will be highlighted to you.1. Who delivers our Services?2. What are our Services?3. What do we mean when we refer to “Content” on our Services?4. Whose Content is it?5. Accessing our Services6. How may our Services be used?7. Interference with Content8. Interacting with our Services9. Breach of Terms of Use10. Links to third party services11. Featured Goods and Services12. Liability13. Law and Jurisdiction1. Who delivers our Services?We are STV Central Limited, a company registered in Scotland no. 172149. If you have any queries, you can contact us at enquiries@stv.tv, phone us on +44 (0)141 300 3000 or write to us at STV, Pacific Quay, Glasgow G51 1PQ.2. What are our Services?Our Services are our website www.stv.tv/news and our App.
Please note that not all Services or features may be available across every platform or device.We aim to provide constant and uninterrupted access to our Services, but we do not take responsibility for issues outside our control, such as internet or connection issues. Specifically we do not guarantee:the availability of our Services on each and every device or platform
all of the timethat any technical issues that arise can be resolved quicklythat our Services are error, virus or bug free3. What do we mean when we refer to “Content” on our Services?Content can be programmes, video, audio, text, images, either owned by us or licensed to us to use.4. Whose Content is it?All copyright, trademarks and other intellectual property rights in the Content belong to us or our licensors. The Content is protected by various intellectual property rights, such as copyright and trade mark laws. You may not reproduce or distribute any Content except as provided below.You may only use the Content for your personal, non-commercial use.
However, provided they are credited to STV, you may publish short excerpts or summaries of a published article accompanied by a hyperlink which takes the reader to the whole article on our Services.Your use of the Content must not (in our sole opinion) bring, or be likely to bring, STV into disrepute, or otherwise cause any loss or damage to STV.Content on our Services may contain statements and opinions which are not our own, and with which we do not necessarily agree.
We do not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of all the Content.5. Accessing our ServicesHere are the ways to access our Services.Visit our web-site at www.stv.tv/news; orDownload our App.6. How may our Services be used?You agree to use our Services only for non-commercial, lawful purposes and in a manner that does not infringe the rights of third parties or restrict or inhibit the use and enjoyment of our Services by any other user.Specifically, you agree you shall not:de-compile, reverse engineer, reproduce, copy, distribute, license or sell our Services and/or the Content (or any part of them) in any way, other than as expressly permitted in these Terms of Use.use our Services for the transmission of any spam or computer viruses.do anything that brings (or in our opinion is likely to bring) STV into disrepute.embed, upload, or make any of our Services or Content available via any third party platform, website or service without STV’s prior consent.copy, reproduce or otherwise publish any of STV’s trademarks or logos.frame our website on other websites without our express permission.7. Interference with ContentWe may use technical measures for the security and protection of Content. You agree not to interfere with any such technical measures, or unlawfully access, or use, our servers, systems or Content, nor to attempt to do so.8. Interacting with our ServicesSTV may invite you to interact with us through our Services from time to time.
When you do so, for example by submitting or uploading comments, photographs, videos, audio clips, graphics, text, designs or making any other type of contribution to our Services (each a “Contribution”), you agree to comply with these Terms of Use and any additional terms that may be stated to apply in respect of any particular invitation to interact (“Specific Terms”).
When you participate or contribute publicly, such as by posting comments or blogging for example, you must also comply with our House Rules [anchor point], or we may block your account and stop you using this service.Please note that you must be 16 or over to submit any Contribution to our Services (unless stated otherwise in any Specific Terms).By submitting a Contribution, you are granting to us (and in this section “us” includes other companies within the STV group of companies) a worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable licence to use your Contribution on any media, platform or device (including on television) and to use, edit, prepare derivative works from and further distribute it across any media, platform or device throughout the world at any time, and to grant sub-licences.
You also authorise STV to include some of your personal details together with your Contribution such as your name and location.For editorial and compliance reasons, we might need to alter your Contribution and you authorise us to do so on the understanding that STV will not alter it in any way that misrepresents it.You also confirm that:You are the either the owner of your Contribution or that you have all the necessary licences, rights, consents and permissions to authorise us to use your Contribution.You have obtained the consent of each person who appears in your Contribution to authorise us to use your Contribution. If any person under the age of 16 appears in your Contribution, you also confirm that you have the permission of such person’s parent or guardian.Your Contribution will not infringe or contravene any rights of any third parties (e.g. their entitlement to privacy or confidentiality) or contain anything which is defamatory, obscene, offensive or unlawful.You will not transfer files which contain viruses or other technologically harmful material.If you submit a Contribution via a method which is available to the public, STV recommends that you do not disclose personal contact information such as your address or phone number.Please note that STV reserves the right to require you to provide evidence of your age and eligibility.If you see any Contribution on our Services that you believe is offensive, defamatory or which infringes copyright or privacy, please contact us without delay at enquiries@stv.tv.
In the case of comments, please raise a flag within the comment reporting system, or alternatively also contact us at enquiries@stv.tv.Whilst not moderating or controlling Contributions posted on our Services, we reserve the right to suspend or delete without notice any material which:we believe at our sole discretion to be detrimental to the enjoyment of our Services by any user;breaches these Terms of Use and/or the House Rules;is the subject of any copyright infringement notice; orbrings, or is likely to bring, STV into disrepute, or otherwise cause any loss or damage to STV.9. Breach of Terms of UseWe will determine, at our sole discretion, where there has been a breach of these Terms of Use. Where STV suspects that a breach has occurred, we may take such action as we deem appropriate which may include all, or any, of the following:Immediate, temporary or permanent withdrawal of your right to use our ServicesImmediate, temporary or permanent removal of any Contribution submitted by youIssue of a warning to youCommencement of legal proceedings against youDisclosure of information to law enforcement authoritiesWe exclude any liability for lawful actions taken by us in response to breaches of these Terms of Use and we reserve the right to seek compensation from you for any loss or damage we may suffer as a direct consequence of any breach by you of these Terms of Use.If you breach any of these Terms of Use, and we choose not to take action against you, that does not necessarily mean that we will waive any subsequent breaches by you.
In addition, if we do not exercise the entire remedy available to us, we may still do so at a later date.10. Links to third party servicesYou are solely responsible for evaluating the integrity of the operators of any third party websites accessed through our Services; the accuracy and completeness of any information contained on them; the value and authenticity of any goods or services offered through them, and their data collection and use policies.11. Featured Goods and ServicesSTV, in association with one of its commercial partners, may provide you with an opportunity to purchase featured goods and services from time to time via our Services.
The contract for the relevant goods and/or services will be made directly between you and the relevant commercial partner and will be subject to the commercial partner’s terms and conditions.
STV has no liability to you in respect of such goods and/or services.12. LiabilityIn no event shall we be liable for any claims, loss or damage, arising out of or in connection with your use of, or inability to use, our Services, including, without limitation, direct or indirect loss, consequential loss or damage, loss of profit or goodwill, or for loss arising from any errors or omissions in our Services, or in the Content.Nothing in these Terms of Use excludes or limits any liability which may not be excluded by any applicable law.13. Law and JurisdictionThese Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Scots law.
All disputes arising from them shall be submitted to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Scottish courts.Effective: 27 November 2019