http://okizu.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Home
/
Privacy Policy
Okizu Privacy Policy
Okizu is pleased to provide information about our online privacy policy. Please be assured that we use our best efforts to protect the privacy of visitors to our website.
Types of Information Collected and How It Is Used
Okizu gathers and retains certain personal information, such as first and last names, home addresses, email addresses, phone numbers, and credit card numbers, that you voluntarily submit. If you make a donation, we collect this information in order to process that donation. This applies to both online and offline donations.
With your permission, we will use this personal information to email you news about Okizu, including information about fundraising campaigns or major grant initiatives. You may opt out of these emails at any time.
Access
You are in control of all personal information you provide to us. If at any time you would like to correct the personal information we have about you or to change your preferences, just contact us. If you would like to unsubscribe from our email list, please use the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our newsletter emails or contact us at the Okizu office. It may take up to two weeks to remove you from our email newsletter list.
Sharing of Personal Information
Okizu may engage companies to perform a variety of necessary functions, such as collecting donations and providing technical services. These companies may have access to personal information if needed to perform these functions, but they may use this information only to perform those functions and not for any other purpose.
Other than as provided in this privacy policy, Okizu does not sell, transfer, share, or disclose personal information to third parties.
Okizu reserves the right to use or disclose any information necessary to satisfy any law, regulation, or legal request, to protect the integrity of our website, to fulfill your requests, or to cooperate in a law enforcement investigation or an investigation on a public safety matter.
Links to Other Sites
We may offer links to sites that are not operated by Okizu. If you visit one of these linked sites, you should review its privacy and other policies. We are not responsible for the policies and practices of other companies.
Cookies
“Cookies” are bits of information that an Internet site transfers to an individual’s hard drive. Cookies allow an Internet site to remember information that will make your use of the site more convenient. Like most Internet sites, Okizu uses cookies for a variety of purposes to improve your online experience. For example, we track the total number of visitors to our site on an anonymous, aggregate basis. We may also use cookies so that we remember you when you return to our website.
If you do not wish to receive a cookie or if you wish to set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, please follow the instructions on your internet browser. Click on the “Help” section of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences. If you disable all cookies, you may not be able to take advantage of all the features of the Okizu web site.
We also use Google services, such as Google Analytics, as well as other third party vendors that place first-party and/or third-party cookies on a browser across our website. To opt out of Google tracking, please visit Google’s opt-out page.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Our privacy policy became effective on May 1, 2015. From time to time, it may be necessary for Okizu to change its privacy policy, so we suggest that you check back periodically.
Click here to download the PDF version of our current privacy policy.
Help families coping with childhood cancer.
Donate Now
Close