https://orangewoodfoundation.org/privacy-policy/
Toggle navigation
About Us
What We Do
Volunteer
Ways to Give
Events
Privacy Policy
Orangewood Foundation cares about your privacy and believes in being transparent in how we treat your personal information. This Privacy Notice describes Orangewood Foundation’s privacy practices, including how we treat your personal information. Any amendments to this Privacy Notice will be posted on this website and will be effective upon its posting.
Contact Information We Collect and Why We Collect It:
When you sign up or register for an event, complete an application, or make a donation on our website, you may be asked to provide your name, address, email, phone number, and any details necessary. When you provide us with your information, we will it for any purpose you authorize, including to process a donation or an application.
Public Information You Submit and How We Use It:
We collect information you provided to us when you contact us regarding program and job applications, event registrations, donation information, etc. We use your personal data for customer service purposes, including responding to inquiries and providing you with the service you requested. On occasion, we provide the information to trusted partners who work on behalf of or with Orangewood under confidentiality agreements. However, these companies do not have any independent right to share this information.
Other Information Collected and Why We Collect It:
Our website, like most websites, uses third party tools to enhance our website’s performance and user experience. Orangewood Foundation uses Google Analytics, which collects Internet Protocol (IP) addresses to gather broad demographic data to analyze trends and improve our website.
Cookies are data that is passed from a web server to your web browser while you are visiting internet websites. The data collected contains information about your website activity while on a website. Information regarding the choices that you make while visiting the website is then used to improve your web browsing experience. To limit the collection of cookies, you can change your browser’s cookie settings.
Questions and How to Opt-Out:
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Notice or you would like to opt-out of communications such as newsletters, mailings, or invitations to events, please email us at info@orangewoodfoundation.org or call us at 714-619-0205.
Ways to Give
Make a lasting impact in a life of a youth TODAY!
How to Volunteer
There are many ways to support the mission of Orangewood