https://policies.oclc.org/en/privacy/cookie-statement.html
OCLC.org
OCLC.org Home
Research
Support and Training
Community Center
Developer Network
WebJunction
OCLC's Cookie Notice
Revised: 3 March 2020
This notice applies to OCLC's websites that display a link to this notice. It supplements our Privacy Statement. OCLC may post updates to this notice from time to time. OCLC's websites may contain links to other websites. This cookie notice would not apply to those linked websites. "OCLC" and "we" in this cookie notice includes OCLC, Inc. and its worldwide affiliates, including OCLC BV, OCLC (UK) Ltd., OCLC GmbH, OCLC AG, and Ifnet S.r.l.
What are cookies?
A cookie is a text file which is downloaded to your device (such as a computer or smartphone) when you visit one of our websites. They play an important role in helping OCLC enhance the usability and performance of our websites and your experience using them. OCLC uses cookies to remember your preferences, make our websites function effectively (such as arranging the content and layout of our websites), to collect information about the use of our websites, and to improve our website visitors' experiences.
A cookie can be either a session cookie or a persistent cookie. A session cookie is a temporary cookie that is erased from your device when you close your web browser. A persistent cookie is a cookie that continues to be stored on your device for a set duration after you close your web browser.
Cookies can also be first-party or third-party. A first-party cookie is a cookie directly from OCLC and its affiliates. A third-party cookie is a cookie from another company. For example, third-party cookies may include cookies from data analytics and social media companies.
The cookies that may be downloaded to your device from our websites include both first-party and third-party cookies. These cookies may be session or persistent cookies. See the section titled "What are the types of cookies used by OCLC?" below for more information about the types of cookies that may be downloaded to your device from our websites.
Can I reject cookies?
You do not have to accept all cookies used by our websites. You may use our Cookie Preference Centers to update your preferences related to the use of cookies. Available Cookie Preference Centers can be accessed in the links in "What are the types of cookies used by OCLC?" below.
Some cookies are strictly necessary for the performance of our websites. If you choose not to accept certain cookies, you may not be able to use some of the features of our websites. Some features of our website may use more than one type of cookie. Choosing not to accept one type of cookie may result in an inability to use a feature even if other cookies associated with that feature are accepted.
You also may be able to customize the settings of your web browser to delete stored cookies, reject cookies, or to otherwise select preferences for the use of cookies.
What are the types of cookies used by OCLC?
OCLC classifies cookies into five categories: Strictly Necessary Cookies, Performance Cookies, Functional Cookies, Targeting Cookies, and Social Media Cookies. To see a list of the cookies we have classified for our websites, see the following:
OCLC.org
VIAF.org
WebJunction.org
WorldCat.org
For third-party cookies, we provide the name of the company, its website, or both. For persistent cookies, information is provided on the duration of the cookies. We use Cookiepedia as a source of information about some of the cookies we use. This information can include details such as the name of the company, website, duration, and description.
The list above will be updated as additional scans and classifications are completed. If you have any questions about the use of cookies on our websites, please email: privacy@oclc.org
Personal Data
OCLC may receive your personal data by use of cookies. Personal data may be transferred to and stored in the United States. OCLC's Privacy Statement describes what information OCLC collects, how the information is used and disclosed, and other details. See the "International Users" section for more information about data transfers, the rights that you may have under applicable laws, and how to assert rights.
Google Analytics
Some of our websites use Google Analytics. Google Analytics uses cookies. See the cookie lists above which describe these cookies, as applicable. Google and OCLC receive IP addresses through use of Google Analytics. This can include transfer and storage of IP addresses in the United States. More information about Google Analytics is available from Google here.
California Do Not Track Disclosure
Some web browsers may give you the ability to enable a "do not track" feature that sends signals to the websites you visit, indicating that you do not want your online activities tracked. Web browsers with a "do not track" feature enabled may still accept cookies. OCLC does not respond to "do not track" signals at this time.