http://psychologyinfo.com/privacy.html
Psychology Information Online
Privacy Policy
Forensic Psychology
Alcohol Abuse
Depression
Substance Abuse
National Directory of Psychologists
Psychotherapy
Neuropsychology
Articles
Eating Disorders
Info for Professionals
Health Psychology
Schizophrenia
Anxiety
Children
Developmental Disorders
Privacy Policy
Forks Publishing Company manages Psychology Information
Online http://psychologyinfo.com.
Forks Publishing Company is committed to respecting the privacy of our
non-registered visitors and our registered subscribers who visit our web site.
This document details the policies we have in place to safeguard your privacy.
By using our web site, either as a non-registered visitor or as a registered
subscriber, you are agreeing to the policies below.
Collection of Personal Information:
We collect personal information from you when you perform
any of the following activities on or through the website:
Register
your practice in any of our online professional directories;
Join
any of the online forums that allow you to post articles on the website;
Publish
any free-standing articles on the website (not in a forum);
Place
an order for any other services provided through the website;
Respond
to any online surveys on the website;
Fill
out any forms on the website;
Comment
on any articles posted on the website;
Contact
the website and/or Forks Publishing Company by any means, such as email,
telephone, fax, regular mail or other forms of communication;
We do not collect any personal information from
non-registered visitors to the website who do not perform any of the above
activities. However, we do collect non-specific information that does not
personally identify you. We do not send cookies to your computer. Our server
tracks information (non-personal) that can assist us in understanding how
visitors use the information on the website. This may include the following:
the IP address assigned to you by your Internet Service Provider for your
session; the pages you visit, and the time of your visit, the type of browser
used, and whether you found the website through a search engine.
Types of Information Collected
If you purchase services through the website, we request the
following information:
Your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, fax
number, and credit card information, plus the information you want us to post
online for you.  We will not post your
email address online, unless you request that it be posted. To increase the
security of your financial information, we do not collect your credit card
information online. We request that you fax the information to us, send it by
regular mail, or provide it by telephone. Once we receive your credit card
information, it is not saved in a database on our computers. It is encrypted
into our payment gateway provider database, and is only accessible by those
authorized with special access rights to the system. This allows for recurring
charges to be made for subscription services, without employees having access
to your credit card information. If you make any future purchases of additional
services, you will be asked to provide your credit card information again at
the time of purchase.
Personal Information Not Provided to Third Parties
Your information, whether public or private, will not be
sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason
whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of
delivering the purchased product or service requested.
Email Communication
The email address you provide to us as a registered
subscriber may be used to send you information about your subscription, to
inform you of changes to your subscription, to inform you of any additional
services available on the website, to respond to any inquiries from you about
our services, and to respond to any other requests or questions from you.
Note:
If we send you any emails about additional services, and, at any time, you
would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails about additional
services, detailed unsubscribe instructions will appear at the bottom
of the email.
The email address you provide to us as a non-registered
visitor, when posting a comment to an online forum post, or when completing an
online form or survey, will only be used to communicate with you regarding your
post.
Modifying and/or Deleting Personal Information
As a registered subscriber, you can change, modify or delete
information contained in your online listings by completing the online form
available for revising your listing. You may cancel your subscription at any
time. If you subscribe to one of our online forums, you can delete any of your
own posts at any time. You can also choose to allow or not to allow comments
for any of your posts to a forum. If you have posted any free-standing articles
on the website, you can contact us by email to remove any article at any time.
Removal of online articles may take up to thirty days, depending on the number
of changes being requested and the number of change requests made by other
subscribers.
Issues Pertaining to Children
This website is not directed to children under the age of 13
years, and does not collect personal information from children under the age of
13 years. If you are under the age of 13 years, you can only use this website
with a parent or guardian supervising your use.
Scope of Privacy Policy
This privacy policy applies only to information collected
through our website and does not apply to information collected offline.
Terms of Use/Terms of Service
Please visit our Terms of Use/Terms of Service web page. The
Terms of Use/Terms of Service describes the conditions of use of the website,
and disclaimers and limitations of liability governing the use of the website.
The Terms of Use/Terms of Service are located at http://www.psychologyinfo.com/tos.html.
Consent to Privacy Policy
By using this website, you are consenting to our privacy
policy.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
Any changes to the privacy policy will be posted on this
page. The Privacy Policy modification date indicates the most recent changes to
the privacy policy. Your continued use of the website after the Privacy Policy
has been modified indicates your consent to the modified Privacy Policy.
Privacy Policy
Modification Date
This privacy policy was last modified on  April 2, 2012.
Contact Information
If you would like
to request additional information, or if there are any questions regarding this privacy policy,
please contact us as indicated below:
Website Name: Psychology Information Online
Website URL:   http://psychologyinfo.com
Company Name and Address:
Forks Publishing Company
1434 Knox Ave – Suite 210
Easton, PA 18040.
USA
Psychology Information Online is a privately owned website providing information about the practice of psychology for the benefit of consumers and psychologists. It is not endorsed by, or affiliated with, any state or national psychological association or any state licensing board.
Please review the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy prior to using this website. If you do not accept the Terms of Service and the Privacy Policy, you cannot use this website.
Psychologists and Mental Health Professionals can follow these links for:
Psychology Job Listings
Conferences and Continuing Education
Billing Services
Transcription Services
Testing Supplies and Services
Marketing Your Practice
Professional Journals
Professional Books
Professional Travel Programs
Register your practice in the National Directory of Psychologists
Publish Articles Online to Educate Consumers About Your Expertise
Psychology Information Online is a service of Forks Publishing Company
Please review our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Use or access to any part of Psychology Information Online
acknowledges that you have reviewed and accept the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
If you do not accept the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy, you cannot access this website.
Psychology Information Online provides information for Consumers, Psychologists , and Students
The National Directory of Psychologists will help you locate a local psychologist.
Our Self-Help Psychology Bookstore will help you locate books about psychological topics
copyright 1999 - 2012 by Donald J Franklin, Ph.D. unless otherwise specified - all rights reserved