https://realshades.com/privacy-policy/
12 DAYS OF HOLIDAY SAVINGS - USE CODE HOLIDAY20 AT CHECKOUT - FREE SHIPPING $25 (USA orders only)
Home / Privacy Policy
At Real Kids Shades® we appreciate our customers and understand the value of protecting your rights. We respect the privacy of every company and individual with whom we do business. We have procedures in place to ensure that any information provided to us is maintained in strict confidence and not distributed, shared, or otherwise used without the expressed permission of the information provider or as required by law.Real Kids Shades does not disclose any nonpublic information about you or your company to unaffiliated third parties, except as required by law. We will not disclose information in response to any inquiry unless it is a lawful request issued by a court, government agency or regulatory authority with jurisdiction to make the request.Why does Real Kids Shades need my personal information?We use your name, e-mail address, phone number, mailing address, and credit card information to process your orders. This information is stored in a secure database, and is only available to individuals with proper clearance. To offer our products and services in the most efficient manner, Real Kids Shades contracts with third party service partners. These partners provide us with data collection, storage, e-mail/mail support, analysis, and reporting services and are restricted from using your information in any way, other than to help us make our site and services more useful to our visitors.What is your credit card fraud policy?In the unlikely event that you experience unauthorized use of your credit card, promptly report the fraudulent activity to your credit card company. Under the Fair Credit Billing Act, you are only liable for the first $50 of the fraudulent charges. Please check with your credit card company to verify specific terms and conditions.Will I receive mail from Real Kids Shades?Periodically we send out information specific to product and company news to our customers.How safe is it to shop online?Today, the Internet is actually the safest way of doing business with your credit card. We have made it safer to use your credit card on our site than it is to use it in more traditional ways, such as in retail stores or restaurants.How do we protect visitor information?We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. When you place orders or access your personal information, we offer the use of a secure server. All sensitive/credit information you supply is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our databases to be only accessed as stated above.What does that mean to have a Secure Site?Before completing any transaction on a website, you should make sure it is a Secure Site. Being on a Secure Site means you are connected using SSL security. You can tell if you are on a Secure Site if you see a padlock or key somewhere along the bottom or top of your browser’s window. If the lock is closed or if the key is unbroken, you are dealing with a Secure Site.What is SSL and how does it help protect my privacy?We use Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology for mutual authentication, data encryption, and data integrity. This is to help ensure secure transactions for our customers. SSL is the industry standard security protocol to encode sensitive information, such as your credit card number. SSL creates a shared digital key, which only lets the sender and the receiver of the transmission scramble or unscramble information. To everyone else, even the servers relaying the message, the SSL transmission is indecipherable. SSL encryption can only be broken by intercepting the encrypted message, recording it, and using a computer to try every possible combination until the key is cracked. Most keys range from 40 to 1,024 digits long.What is encryption?Encryption is based on the mathematical scrambling and unscrambling of messages. The type of encryption we use assigns two keys – one is a public key and one is a private key. When you send us a message, you use our public key to encrypt your message. Once we receive your encrypted message, we use the private key to decode it. The same key cannot both encrypt and decrypt information. So, information encrypted using the private key can only be decrypted using the public key, and vice versa- ensuring the security of your information.Do we use “cookies”?Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Safari or Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, you won’t have access to many features that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone by contacting customer service.What are cookies and how do they affect my privacy?Simply put, a “cookie” is a small file that serves as an identifier stored on your machine. Although they are not required to browse our site, we use cookies to make web shopping possible. For instance, when you are ready to purchase an item, a cookie allows our site to “remember” you have added the item to your shopping cart.What if I still do not feel my online transaction is secure?We will be happy to assist you with your purchase over the phone at 1-800-283-1106.What information do we collect?We collect information from you when you register on the site, place an order, enter a contest or sweepstakes, respond to a survey or communication such as e-mail, or participate in another site feature.When ordering or registering, we may ask you for your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.We also collect information about gift recipients so that we can fulfill the gift purchase. The information we collect about gift recipients is not used for marketing purposes.Like many websites, we use “cookies” to enhance your experience and gather information about visitors and visits to our websites. Please refer to the “Do we use ‘cookies’?” section below for information about cookies and how we use them.How do we use your information?We may use the information we collect from you when you register, purchase products, enter a contest or promotion, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:To personalize your site experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.To quickly process your transactions.To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.If you have opted-in to receive our e-mail newsletter, we may send you periodic e-mails. If you would no longer like to receive promotional e-mail from us, please refer to the “How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?” section below. If you have not opted-in to receive e-mail newsletters, you will not receive these e-mails. Visitors who register or participate in other site features such as marketing programs and ‘members-only’ content will be given a choice whether they would like to be on our e-mail list and receive e-mail communications from us.Do we disclose the information we collect to outside parties?We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice, except as described below. The term “outside parties” does not include RKS Eyewear. It also does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety.However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?To modify your e-mail subscriptions, please let us know by modifying your preferences in the “My Account” section. Please note that due to email production schedules you may receive any emails already in production.To delete all of your online account information from our database, sign into the “My Account” section of our site and remove your shipping addresses, billing addresses & payment information. Please note that we may maintain information about an individual sales transaction in order to service that transaction and for record keeping.Changes to our policyIf we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on this page. Policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date of the change. This policy was last modified on September 1, 2008.Questions and feedbackWe welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy. Please send us any and all feedback pertaining to privacy, or any other issue.Online Policy OnlyThis online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.Terms and ConditionsPlease also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website.Your consentBy using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Real Shades
HomeAboutShopBaby Sunglasses: Ages 0+Toddler Sunglasses: Ages 2+Kid Sunglasses: Ages 4+Youth Sunglasses: Ages 7+Adult SunglassesPolarized SunglassesPopular Styles BackBlue Light Blocking GlassesAccessoriesSafe EyesFrame TechnologyLens TechnologyPolarized LensesProduct TestingBlue Light Blocking Glasses for Kids and AdultsSizing Information BackBlogContact
× Close Panel