https://southpacificpictures.com/privacy-policy
Shortland Street
South Pacific Pictures
Menu
Home
Productions
TV series
Feature Films
Telefeatures
Mini Series
All Productions
About Us
Our People
Kelly Martin
Andrew Szusterman
Sally Campbell
Tania Bettany
Jessica Wiseman
Rachel Jean
Melanie Jones
Rachael Keereweer
Jo Johnson
Maxine Fleming
Oliver Driver
Nick Malmholt
James Griffin
Tim Balme
Kate McDermott
Our Partners
Our Studios
FAQs
News
Shop
Contact Us
Mailing List
Advice for writers
Website Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last Updated 1 December 2020
Purpose of this Policy
South Pacific Pictures Limited (we, us or our) is committed to respecting and protecting personal information in accordance with the Privacy Act 2020 (Privacy Act).
This Privacy Policy outlines the way we manage any personal information that we might hold about our employees, crew, cast, users of our website southpacificpictures.com (Website), and any people we collect personal information from or about (you, your).
Please take a moment to read and understand it, along with our Website Terms of Use. By providing your personal information to us (including by accessing our services, visiting the Website, or otherwise engaging with us), you acknowledge that you have read and understood this Privacy Policy and that you agree to its terms.
Why do we collect personal information and how do we use it?
We collect your personal information in order to provide services through this Website, and for business administration and legal compliance purposes including:
to verify
your identity and provide services you have requested (for example, if you
purchase items through the online shop on our Website, or if you sign up
to receive updates from us);
to
communicate with you, including to provide information about our business;
to
purchase goods or services;
collecting
personal information from prospective and current employees and contractors,
and from crew, cast, extras and other participants for the purposes of
their engagement on our productions;
for
health & safety and insurance purposes;
to
help us manage and enhance our services; and
to comply
with our legal obligations (such as regulatory and contractual requirements
and court orders).
What kinds of personal information do we collect?
In general, and depending on the nature of your connection with us, the type of personal information we collect and hold includes (but is not limited to):
where you purchase items through our Website, your name, address, contact details;
where you are a prospective or current employee/contractor, name, address, contact details (including next of kin), work history, education, qualifications, references, background checks, date of birth, IRD and bank account numbers, other information relevant to the work (such as, if you audition for a programme, measurements and ethnicity);
where you apply to participate in certain programmes, your name, address, contact details, date of birth, details of any convictions, court judgements and past or pending litigation, any health conditions which relate to your ability to participate;
if you are involved in any health & safety accident, your name, address, contact details, age, incident details (including any injury and treatment); and
other information which assists us in conducting our business, providing our services, and meeting our legal obligations.
If personal information we request is not provided, we may not be able to supply the relevant product or service, or perform our business operations and comply with our obligations.
How do we collect personal information?
Except as otherwise permitted by law, we will collect personal information:
from you directly when you provide your details to us (including via our Website or forms);
from you indirectly (including through emails, social media, meetings and interviews or enquiries through our Website, and the use of the services on our Website);
from third parties in some instances, for example:
we may use third parties to analyse traffic at our Website, which may involve the use of cookies;
in some circumstances we might collect personal information about an individual from a third party, such as work references;
where a third party provides security-related services;
from publicly available websites and resources.
Who do we share your personal information with?
We may disclose your personal information to:
other companies or individuals who assist us in providing services or who perform functions on our behalf (such as couriers who deliver parcels, hosting and data storage providers, including Showcast, Adobe, SetKeeper and Moneypenny MydaEs);
if you work on our productions, companies (such as broadcasters, platforms, distributors and financiers) and government funding bodies, where relevant to the production;
other members of the All3Media group of companies;
our professional advisers such as lawyers and accountants;
governmental and regulatory authorities;
anyone else to whom you authorise us to disclose it; and
where we are otherwise permitted or required to do so by law.
If you use the online shop, we and our website creator Assemble will have access to certain details you provide. We don’t (and Assemble doesn’t) store or have access to your credit card details as we use PayPal to process payments for our online credit card transactions. Visit www.paypal.com for more information. You can go here for PayPal’s Privacy Policy.
Lawfulness, Fairness and Transparency
We will collect, hold, use and disclose your personal information only when we have a legal basis for doing so, and we will do so in a manner that is fair and transparent to you.
How do we obtain your consent?
Where our use of your personal information requires your consent, you can provide such consent:
at the
time we collect your personal information following the instructions
provided; or
by
informing us by email, post or phone using the contact details set out in
this Privacy Policy.
Our use of cookies and similar technologies
Our Website uses certain cookies. A cookie is a small piece of data which is sent from our Website to your device. Cookies are normally stored on your device’s hard drive and allow our Website to remember you when you return to our Website. We use cookies to process your order, remember the contents of your shopping basket and store details of your location (including your country and IP address to allow access to products and content that are restricted geographically).
You can set your browser not to accept cookies. However, you may be unable to make any purchases on our Website.
Third Party Links and Services
This Privacy Policy applies only to the use of your personal information obtained by us. This Privacy Policy no longer applies when you use a link to go from our Website to another website, or you request a service from a third party. Your browsing and interaction on any other websites, and your dealings with any other third party, are subject to that website’s and third party’s own policies.
We encourage you to become familiar with the privacy practices of every website you visit or third party service provider that you deal with, and to contact them if you have any questions about their privacy policies and practices.
How long do we keep your personal information for?
We do not keep your personal information for any specific period but where we no longer require it, we will comply with our legal obligations for the retention or destruction of that information.
Confidentiality and security of your personal information
We are committed to keeping the personal information you provide to us secure. We take reasonable precautions to protect your personal information from loss, misuse or alteration, by implementing information security policies and technical measures to protect the personal information under our control from unauthorised access, modification or disclosure, for example by use of physical security and restricted access to electronic records.
All our employees and data processors (i.e. those who process your personal information on our behalf, for the purposes listed above), who have access to, and are associated with processing personal information, are obliged to respect the confidentiality of personal information.
Where we disclose personal information to a third party outside New Zealand, we will confirm that such third party is required to protect the information in a way that, overall, provides comparable safeguards to those in the Privacy Act.
How can you access and correct your personal information?
You may seek access to the personal information we hold about you (subject to any exceptions in the Privacy Act). You also have the right to request that we correct any personal information we hold about you.
Please contact us in writing, using the contact details below, if you would like to access or request any updates to your personal information. We may require additional information about you, including to verify your identity, before disclosing any information to you.
How to contact us?
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or want to exercise your rights set out in this Privacy Policy, please contact our Privacy Officer by phone (+649) 839 0999 or by sending an email to privacy@southpacificpictures.com.
If we are unable to satisfactorily resolve your concerns about our handling of your personal information, you can contact the New Zealand Office of the Privacy Commissioner at: PO Box 10-094, The Terrace, Wellington 6143, phone 0800 803 909, https://privacy.org.nz/.
Our address details
Our address, as the person collecting and holding your personal information, is 8 Tolich Place, Henderson, Auckland, New Zealand.   Changes to this Privacy Policy
We will update this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect changes to our use of your personal information, and as required to comply with legal and regulatory changes. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically to be informed of how we use your personal information. If you do not agree to any change, you must immediately stop using our services and accessing the Website.
© 2020 South Pacific Pictures
Contact Us
Terms
Privacy Policy
Health and Safety Policy
Powered by Assemble
Tweet
SOUTH PACIFIC PICTURES LTD mail: PO Box 104 124, Lincoln North, Auckland, 0654delivery: 8 Tolich Place, Henderson, Auckland, 0654tel: +64 9 839 0999 fax: +64 9 839 0990e: drama@southpacificpictures.com
ASSEMBLE