https://thatsnotcool.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Last modified and effective as of December 15, 2015
THIS IS OUR OFFICIAL PRIVACY POLICY FOR THATSNOTCOOL.COM , WHICH IS PART OF OUR Terms of Use AND FORMS A PART OF YOUR LEGAL AGREEMENT WITH US. PLEASE READ IT CAREFULLY SINCE IT DESCRIBES THE FOLLOWING:
Types of information we collect
How we collect and use the information
When we disclose the information
How we share the information
How you can access, update or delete information we collected
Our policy towards children
Thatsnotcool.com, its sponsors, suppliers, agencies, and affiliates, including Futures Without Violence and The Advertising Council, may also be referred to individually and/or collectively as “we”, “us” or “our” and we will refer to users of this App, our features, functions and services individually and/or collectively as “users”, “you” or “your” to make reading these materials easier.
Any terms not defined in this Privacy Policy are defined in our Terms of Use.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW WE COLLECT IT
When you access or visit Thatsnotcool.com (“Website”), we and our operational service providers and others who host this Website often use technology that can recognize, collect and/or transmit information that is associated with you, but which do not personally identify you. Although the term “cookie” specifically refers to a small text file that is stored on a user’s computer for record-keeping purposes, we will use the term “cookie” to refer generically to any technology that can recognize, collect and/or transmit information about your visits to this Website. This type of information includes such data as the Internet or web domain that referred you, the type of operating system and browser you are using, the date and time of your visit, data relating to activities on this Website (e.g., so-called ‘clickstream’ data) and other technological attributes about your visit to this Website. This information is used to analyze trends, administer this Website, track user movements on this Website, gather aggregate demographic information about visitors so we can continually improve this Website.
Cookies also allow this Website to recognize a users’ computer or access device each time it is used to visit a particular Website and cookies can keep count of how often you return. Cookies can also track how you use this Website, your preferences for features and functions and, for Websites that have registration or similar features, cookies can store information such as your user name and password so you don’t have to re-enter them each time you return to visit. Cookies don’t personally identify you or any particular user or individual.
You can disable or turn the cookie feature off by changing the settings on your Internet browser and you can also change the settings to stop your browser from automatically accepting cookies. Although changing these settings may not affect your ability to browse, it may affect your ability to use certain features and functions of this Website and it may also require you to re-enter certain information each time you visit or attempt to use this Website. You should consult the operating instructions that apply to your browser to determine how to best configure your browser settings for your needs.
If you elect to use our icard service, we will ask you to provide the email address of the recipient of the icard and we will use this email address only to send the icard and for no other purposes. We do not retain the email address for longer than necessary to transmit the icard.
Also, we collect Personal Information (as defined below) including information you provide when you register for an account, information or other content that you may post using our Website and information about you shared by other users.
PERSONAL INFORMATION
We use the term “Personal Information” to refer to any information you provide in connection with your use of this Website by which you can be personally identified. Personal Information may include such things as your name, street address, telephone number, date of birth, e-mail address, geolocation, persistent identifiers including your IP address and any other information which might reasonably be used to identify you. We only obtain Personal Information from you when you submit it to us or provide it on this Website in order to allow you to register, subscribe or take advantage of certain features, functions, services, activities, promotions and content on this Website (these are referred to as “Content” in our Terms of Use). You may also email us with a question or for more information and we will use your contact information (which includes Personal Information such as an email address) to help us respond and for customer service purposes. Unless you voluntary provide or send us Personal Information, we will always ask you to submit or provide it to us before collecting your Personal Information, although you may not be able to use the particular Content, if you choose not to provide your Personal Information. If you provide or submit your Personal Information to this Website, we will always give you the right to review, update and/or delete your Personal Information, subject to our obligations to comply with legal, regulatory our internal audit and record-keeping requirements.
In addition to this Privacy Policy, each of our Websites that ask you to submit or provide Personal Information, will have additional disclosures and information (“Supplemental Privacy Policies”) that describe how that Website collects, uses, shares and maintains your Personal Information and each of those Supplemental Privacy Policies are incorporated and form a part of this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use when you use that Website and provide or submit Personal Information.
SPONSORS, ADVERTISERS AND OTHER THIRD PARTIES
This Website may contain or display information from our sponsors, advertisers, operational service providers (see Disclosure to Third Parties below) or others (each, a “Third Party”) that offer to make information, goods or services available, provide opportunities to participate in promotions or engage in activities or that link or redirect your browser to other websites, materials or organizations. We may also use Third Parties to display or serve advertising on this Website, as well as for distributing our online, email, messaged or web-based newsletters and other information. Third Parties often also employ cookies to measure advertising effectiveness. You should be aware that even if you encounter an advertisement, link or reference to a Third Party website on one this Website and even if we have a relationship with them, we do not control them, their websites or their policies and practices regarding use of their websites or any rules they have regarding the use of cookies or collection, use or disclosure of your information (including Personal Information). These are within their control and not ours and the terms and conditions, as well as the privacy policies that apply to these Third Parties and their websites are their responsibility, not ours.
DISCLOSURE TO THIRD PARTIES
We do not sell, rent, lease, provide or otherwise disclose your Personal Information to unaffiliated entities unless the Supplemental Privacy Policy that applies to your use of a particular Website. We will always let you know if we intend to provide any of your Personal Information to a Third Party, you will always have an opportunity to read and review the Supplemental Privacy Policy that applies and we will ask you to consent (“Opt in”) whenever we intend to do so.
We always have the right to disclose your Personal Information to any Third Party we engage for the purpose of administering, operating, configuring site design, maintaining and providing internal support for this Website and Content on this Website. These Third Parties are called operational service providers that provide internal support to operations and activities and/or for Site design, development, hosting and operations. We always request that our operational service providers protect your privacy and not disclose your Personal Information to third party marketers that are not associated with this Website, nor are they permitted to use your Personal Information for their own marketing or promotional purposes.
We also reserve the right to make your Personal Information available:
When we are compelled by a governmental agency, law, regulation, a court or other legal process;
If we believe you are, have or may violate any law, regulation, our Terms of Use;
If we believe you are or may be a threat to safety, property, interests or rights of us or others;
In order to investigate, respond to or resolve problems or inquiries or defend our interests;
In a merger, acquisition, change of control, joint venture or other business combination.
You should also be aware we are public service organization and simply because a website or web page includes our logo, name or otherwise refers to us, does not mean the website or web page is ours or under our control. We work with sponsors, advertisers and government agencies to bring you public service advertising and if you enter, provide or submit Personal Information on or to a co-branded website or web page you may be subject to the terms, conditions and privacy policies of the Third Party sponsor, advertiser, government agency or co-branding organization.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We only use information that we collect or obtain when you use this Website as described in this Privacy Policy, for our internal research purposes or to ensure compliance with our Terms of Use. If we collect, maintain, use or intend to share your Personal Information for other purposes than as described in this Privacy Policy, we will ensure that is included within the Supplemental Privacy Policy that applies to the Website or Websites involved.
SECURITY
We maintain reasonable standards of security and confidentiality. We also try to limit information access to individuals who need to have such access to perform their responsibilities associated with this Website and the Content on this Website. Any employee found violating our standards of security and confidentiality is subject to our disciplinary processes. We request our operational service providers to follow the same policy. However, communications over the Internet cannot be guaranteed to be secure and it is possible that others may unlawfully intercept or access information, transmissions or communications to, from or within this Website.
YOUR RIGHTS REGARDING PERSONAL INFORMATION
You have the right to request that: (i) we correct or update your Personal Information; (ii) we not share your Personal Information with third parties; or (iii) we remove or delete your Personal Information. In addition, you have the right to access, modify, or delete any Content you have posted through the facilities on our Website. Although we will usually provide you with the ability to modify or delete Personal Information or Content directly online, some Personal Information or Content may require you to contact us for verification before we can modify or delete the Personal Information (e.g., birth date, email address, name) or Content (e.g. photos, videos). The Supplemental Privacy Policy that applies to the Website will provide you with the email address or contact information that applies to that Website so that you can contact us with a request to change that type of information.
Please note that when you delete the Content, it is deleted in a manner similar to emptying the recycle bin on the computer. Removed Content may persist in backup copies on our server for a reasonable period of time.
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
If you are a resident of the State of California, under the California Civil Code, you have the right to request information on how to exercise your disclosure choice options from companies conducting business in California. For each Website that collects or obtains any Personal Information from you, our Supplemental Privacy Policy will provide you details, as well as contact information for the Privacy Administrator for that Website and specifics regarding how to send us a request for information. All requests sent via postal mail must be labeled “Your California Privacy Rights” on the envelope or post card and clearly stated on the actual request. We will not accept requests via the telephone or by facsimile and we are not responsible for requests that are not labeled, are not sent properly, or that do not have complete information.
OUR POLICY TOWARDS CHILDREN
Our services are not directed to children under 13, and we do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under 13. [If we learn that we have collected Personal Information of a child under 13, we will delete such information.]
When Thatsnotcool.com does request age information, and users identify themselves as under 13, we will either block such users from providing personal information, or we will ensure consent is obtained from parents for the collection, use and sharing of their children’s personal information. At that time, we will provide a description of the information that the child may make publically available, how we will use the information and other practices. We will not knowingly ask children under the age of 13 to provide more information than is reasonably necessary to provide our services.
Please note that if you grant consent for your child to use Thatsnotcool.com, this may include such general audience communication services as email, instant messaging, and online groups, and your child will be able to communicate with, and disclose personal information to, other users of all ages. Parents can review, edit, request the deletion, or prevent further collection or use of their children’s personal information or make inquiries regarding this policy by sending an email to thatsnotcool@futureswithoutviolence.org, writing to Futures Without Violence at 100 Montgomery Street, The Presidio, San Francisco, CA 94129 or calling (415) 678-5500.
If we change this privacy statement in a way that expands the collection, use or disclosure of children’s personal information to which a parent has previously consented, the parent will be notified and we will be required to obtain the parent’s additional consent.
Information collected is secured in a manner consistent with this privacy policy. If we change how we handle your child’s information, we will notify you in a manner consistent with this policy.
Under no circumstances do we condition a child’s participation in an activity—like contests—on the child’s disclosure of more personal information than is reasonably necessary to participate in the activity. On certain sites, we may not permit children to participate at all regardless of consent.
CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY
We can change this Privacy Policy at any time (see our Terms of Use). As with our Terms of Use, we encourage you to come back and review this Privacy Policy often to be sure you are aware of the terms, conditions, rights and obligations that apply to you.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about the Privacy Policy that applies to this Website, or for general questions about our Privacy Policies please email us at and please specify if you are inquiring about a specific Website to help us better assist and respond to your questions.
Social Hub