http://tolweb.org/tree/home.pages/tolpolicies.html
Skip
to main content
Go to quick links Go to quick search Go to navigation for this section of the ToL site Go to detailed links for the ToL site
The Tree of Life Project: Policies
Tree of Life Privacy
Policy
Here we explain what kind of personal information we collect from
our visitors and contributors and how we may use this information. Tree of Life Copyright
Policies
Tree of Life text, images and other media are protected by copyright.
On this page, we provide information about the copyright policies
associated with different kinds of ToL materials.
Copyright
Infringement Complaints
If you think a ToL contributor has used materials that belong
to you in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, this
page provides instructions on how to file a copyright infringement
complaint.
Tree of Life Use of Contributions
This page explains ToL contributors' options for specifying how their
materials can be used by the ToL project. Disclaimers
Things we cannot be held responsible for.
go to top
About the Tree of Life About ToL
ToL News Goals of the ToL ToL/EOL Structure of the
ToL ToL Home
Picture
History/Future
ToL History/Future ToL History Growth Monitor Future of the ToL Project
Accessibility Citing the ToL Quality Assurance
Quality Assurance
Project Coordination Status of ToL Pages ToL Peer Review
Tech
Development
Tech Development Technical Implementation Information Architecture
Nodes & Tree Shape Nodes &
Objects Harvesting ToL Data Present Information
ToL
Policies
ToL Policies Privacy Policy Copyright Policies©
Infringement
Use of Contributions Disclaimers
People
ToL People Scientific Contributors
Branch Coordinators
Image/Media
Contributors Other ToL Contributors ToL Home Team
ToL Alumni
Acknowledgments & Recognition
Acknowledgements Partner Projects Funding Awards & Recognition
go
to top Site Navigation
Home Browse
Browse Root Popular Pages Sample Pages Recent Additions Random Page Treehouses Images, Movies,...
Help
Help Finding Things Navigating Tree Diagrams
FAQ Sitemap Contact Us
Features
Features Preferences Forums Glossary Images, Movies,... Webservices Links
Learning
Learning Treehouses Building Treehouses Evolution/Phylogeny
Contribute
Contribute Scientific Content Build Treehouses
Images/Media Contributor Log-In
About
About News Goals ToL/EOL Structure Home Picture History/Future Accessibility Citing the ToL Quality Control
Tech Development Policies People Acknowledgments
advanced
Group Search Text Search Image Search
go to top
Home Browse Help Features Learning Contribute About Search
Privacy
Policy — Copyright Policies Tree of Life design and icons copyright © 1995-2004
Tree of Life Project. All rights reserved.
top