https://tos.ea.com/legalapp/WEBPRIVACYCA/US/en/PC/
"Do Not Sell My Personal Information"
At EA, we're in the business of making great games, not selling data. In order to give you the best gaming experience, we may share your information with third parties to serve you offers for EA products and services, or offers from our third-party advertising partners. This sharing also makes it so you get a more relevant ad experience (for example, when you're browsing the web, you may see fewer ads for EA games you already own).
EA gives you the ability to disable targeted advertising provided by third-party partners at any time by using our existing privacy controls. If you want to know more about our sharing activities, please read our Privacy and Cookie Policy. Here's how you can control whether your data is shared for marketing purposes.
For PC and Console games, you can adjust your preference at any time by logging in to your EA customer account portal. Click this link to be redirected to your Privacy Settings page, then click the box labeled "Targeted Advertising Provided by Third Parties." If this box is checked, EA will no longer share your account information with third-party partners to customize your advertising experience.
For Mobile games, you can opt out of targeted marketing in each game's settings menu. Simply navigate to your game's settings menu, then look for a submenu labeled "Privacy" or "Privacy Settings." There, you'll find the "Targeted Advertising Provided by Third Parties" setting. If you disable this setting, EA will no longer share your account information with third-party partners to customize your advertising experience.
For EA Websites (e.g., ea.com, origin.com, pogo.com), if you are located in the EU, Brazil, or California, you can control the cookies and similar tracking technologies used on most EA sites via the banner that appears at the bottom of each page when you first visit. If you have already set your preferences, you can change them at any time by clicking the "cookie preferences" link at the bottom of each page.
If you or your legally authorized agent need help, do not have an account, or would like to submit an opt-out notice to us directly, please contact the privacy administrator for your region at privacyadmin.ea.com.