https://usa.beyblade.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - BEYBLADE Burst USA
BEYBLADE
BEYBLADE BURST
BBB TV
Characters
Toys
Game
Apps
Gallery
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: 10/04/2017
Last Updated Date: 11/07/2019
About Us
www.beyblade.com is a website for children, owned and operated by ADK EM NY.
We take privacy seriously at www.beyblade.com and this policy is designed to tell you what information we collect on www.beyblade.com and how we plan to use it.
Please review this policy from time to time as we may make changes. It forms part of our terms of service and explains your rights and responsibilities when using our services. If you have any questions please contact us at info@beyblade.com.
Kids Privacy Assured by PRIVO: COPPA Safe Harbor Certification
ADK EM NY is a member of the PRIVO Kids Privacy Assured COPPA Safe Harbor Certification Program (“the Program”). The Program certification applies to the digital properties listed on the validation page that is viewable by clicking on the PRIVO Seal. PRIVO is an independent, third-party organization committed to safeguarding children’s personal information collected online. The PRIVO COPPA certification Seal posted on this page indicates ADK EM NY has established COPPA compliant privacy practices and has agreed to submit to PRIVO’s oversight and consumer dispute resolution process. If you have questions or concerns about our privacy practices, please contact us at info@beyblade.com. If you have further concerns after you have contacted us, you can contact PRIVO directly at privacy@privo.com.
What Kind of Information is collected?
There are two types of data that websites and apps can collect about their users. The first one is called personal data. This is personally identifiable information that identifies a user as an individual. www.beyblade.com does not collect any personal information unless a user signs up for our newsletter as outlined below. The second type is non personal data which doesn’t directly identify an individual. www.beyblade.com may collect non personal information about the use of the website and apps to help us improve our services.
Please note that if an adult posts personal information about themselves on associated social media pages, in addition to being collected, this data is made public for others to see. The adult is responsible for disclosing this data. Please ensure you read the privacy policy of any sites and services you visit.
www.beyblade.com offers an optional newsletter sign up. To sign up to receive newsletters, we ask that you provide a first name and email address. We collect a parent’s email address to provide notice of the collection and use of the child’s email address for multiple contact. Parents can opt out of the newsletter sign up on behalf of their child.
More about Non Personal Data
To help us provide you with the best service we work with a third party analytics providers called Google Analytics. This company helps us to understand your use of the site. This information is for internal use only and cannot be shared. It is just for us to help us improve our services for you. We may use cookies and web beacons to help deliver our services and to analyze it.
If you would like more information on this contact us at info@beyblade.com or view the Google Analytics privacy policy at: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.
We work with Antoine Lock to produce our website for children and social media pages for adults. Antoine Lock does not collect or share any personal information from our users. For more information on Antoine Lock please check the company privacy policy here.
We use Mailchimp to deliver our email newsletters. For more information on their privacy and security practices please see their privacy policy: https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/ or https://mailchimp.com/about/security/.
We may disclose your personal information if required by law or in the event of a company sale or proposed change of ownership. We may also disclose it to protect www.beyblade.com’s rights and properties or to investigate fraud or intellectual property infringement.
Links
We may include links to third parties from the website or services. www.beyblade.com is not responsible for these companies and because we have a link does not mean we endorse them. Your use of our services may be subject to the terms and conditions and privacy policies of other services that we do not control such as mobile app stores, mobile software platforms or payment processors. Please be sure to check their privacy policies if you decide to visit them.
Security
We use generally accepted security measures and safeguards in an attempt to keep any data secure and require that the third parties we work with agree to do the same. The measures and safeguards include limiting access to the data to those persons who need it to complete their work and using a fire-wall protected environment and storing personal information in secure operating environments. That said, www.beyblade.com cannot and will not guarantee and does not accept liability for unintentional disclosure.
Questions and contact us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this privacy policy or our privacy practices on the site, please contact us at: info@beyblade.com, 646-284-9801, 515 W. 20th St. New York, NY 10011.
You are leaving us
You are about to leave the beyblade.com site.
Beyblade.com does not control the websites of third parties or content of such sites. Please note that the use of these sites is subject to their terms of use and privacy policy, and that those may differ from those of beyblade.com. We encourage you to read their privacy policy and terms of use carefully.
Cancel
Leave