http://www.fws.gov/help/policies.html
Privacy and Other Web Policies
External Affairs
Enter Search Term(s):
PRIVACY
STATEMENT
In accordance with the Department of the Interior Privacy Policy, The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service
is committed to maintaining a web site that protects the individual’s
right to privacy. We do not require
personal information from our visitors, nor do we collect any personally
identifying information (name, email address, Social Security number, or
other unique identifier) unless you knowingly provide it. Likewise, we
do not give, sell, or transfer any personal information
to a third party except as might be required by law .
Data Collection for Statistics
To aid in web site management, certain information is collected for statistical
purposes. The Service uses specialized software to create summary statistics,
which are used for such purposes as assessing what information is of most
and least interest to our customers, determining technical design specifications,
and identifying system performance or problem areas.
We collect only the following information about your visit:
the name of the domain from
which you access the Internet (for example, "princeton.edu" if
you are connecting from Princeton University’s domain, or "aol.com" if
you are connecting from an America Online account);
the web site from which you linked directly to our web site, if you
have used another web site to reach our site;
the operating system and web browser you use to view pages; and
the date and time you access our web site.
We use the information we collect to measure the number of visitors to
the different sections of our web site, allowing us to make our web site
more useful and accessible to visitors. We do not store any personal identifiers.
Information Collected from E-mails and Forms
You may decide to send us personally identifying information through e-mail
messages or through on-line forms. Electronic communication allows us to
collect information that will improve our web site for you, and we encourage
it. We use personally-identifying information from consumers in various ways
to further our customer's protection and to provide better service. This
may be to correct broken links that you have identified or provide additional
information that you have requested.
Visit the Department of the Interior's Privacy Policy page
to learn what can happen to the information you provide us when you send
us e-mail or fill out a questionnaire or guestbook. Any information that
we collect via a questionnaire or a guestbook may be subject to disclosure,
but will be handled in accordance with the requirements of the Privacy
Act and the Freedom of Information Act to ensure the greatest protection
of personal privacy in the face of any required disclosure.
Security Checks
For web site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains
available to all users, we employ software programs to monitor network
traffic, identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information,
or otherwise cause damage. Unauthorized attempts to upload or change information
on this web site are strictly prohibited and may be punishable under the
Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information Infrastructure
Protection Act.
Cookies
When you visit some Web sites, their web servers generate pieces of
information known as cookies. Some cookies collect personal information
to recognize your computer in the future. This is not the case at
www.fws.gov, where we only use non-persistent cookies or "per-session
cookies." These cookies do not collect personal information
on users and they are erased as soon as you leave our Web site.
Per-session cookies serve
technical purposes like providing seamless navigation through www.fws.gov.
These cookies do not permanently record data and they are not stored
on your computer's hard drive. www.fws.gov cookies are stored in
memory and are only available during an active browser session.
Again, once you close your browser, the cookie disappears.
For Kids!
Please don't send us e-mail, Especially if you are under
13 years old. Instead, have an adult send the message. Have
your parents, teachers and school librarian. For further guidance, please visit DOI's chidren's privacy policy page and the
Federal Trade Commission's Children's Privacy statement.
STANDARD DISCLAIMER
The Department of the Interior Disclaimer
Statement applies to the Service.
We will link to external sites that help us perform our mission - "working
with others to conserve, protect, and enhance fish, wildlife, and plants
and their habitats for the continuing benefit of the American people."
Links to external servers do not imply any official U.S. Fish and Wildlife
Service endorsement of the opinions or ideas expressed therein, or guarantee
the validity of the information provided. Links to commercial sites are in
no way an endorsement of any vendor's products or services.
Links will be provided to external servers that are managed in a professional
manner (i.e., it is fully operational, is available most of the time, does
not serve inaccurate information or obscene graphics, etc.).
This server will not link to external servers if such a link would appear
to provide an official endorsement of fundraising efforts or lobbying for
a political agenda.
Last updated:
March 2, 2020
U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service Home Page | Department of the Interior
| USA.gov  | About the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service  |
Accessibility  | Privacy
| Notices  | Disclaimer
| FOIA