http://www.paddingtonbear.co.uk/us/infos/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Paddington and Company Limited ("We") are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy (together with our Terms of Use and any other documents referred to in it) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. By visiting https://www.paddington.com/ you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this policy.
For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 (the "Act"), the data controller for this site is Paddington and Company Limited of 3 Cambridge Court, 210 Shepherd’s Bush Road, Hammersmith, London W6 7NJ. We have licensed Universal Music Operations Limited, 364-366 Kensington High Street, London W14 8NS (“Universal”) to operate the mailing list, online store, and certain marketing activities relating to the Paddington Bear online store. Universal is the data controller and is responsible for those activities and has a separate privacy Policy and Terms and Condition to which you should refer.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM YOU
We will collect and process the following data about you:
Information you give us. This is information about you that you give us by filling in forms on our site https://www.paddington.com/("our site") or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. It includes information you provide when you register to use our site, subscribe to our newsletters, subscribe to our service, search for a service, enter a competition, promotion or survey or when you report a problem with our site. The information you give us may include your first name, last name, address, e-mail address, country, and phone number, personal description and photograph, type of request and/or content request.
Information we collect about you. With regard to each of your visits to our site we will automatically collect the following information:
technical information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, operating system and platform;
information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL), clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time), page you viewed or searched for, page response times, download errors and /or length of visits to certain pages.
Information we receive from other sources. This is information we receive about you if you use any of the other websites we operate or the other services we provide or license which are linked to Paddington Bear. We are working closely with third parties (including, for example, business partners, sub-contractors in technical and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers and search information providers).
COOKIES
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site. For detailed information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them see our Cookie policy.
Treasure Hunt competitionTo amend or update your Cookie preferences please click here.
USES MADE OF THE INFORMATION
We use information held about you in the following ways:
Information you give to us.
We will use this information:
to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information, newsletters, products and services that you request from us;
to provide you with information about goods or services we feel may interest you. We will contact you only if you have consented to this by ticking the relevant tick box.);
to notify you about changes to our service;
to ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
Information we collect about you.
We will use this information:
to administer our site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
to improve our site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so;
as part of our efforts to keep our site safe and secure;
to make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of our site about Paddington Bear goods or services that may interest you or them.
Information we receive from other sources.
We will combine this information with information you give to us and information we may collect about you. We will use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive).
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
You agree that we have the right to share your personal information with:
Any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006 (including but not limited to Universal Music Operations Limited, 364-366 Kensington High Street, London W14 8NS. Data Protection Number - Universal Music Operations Z5512937).
Selected third parties including: - business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with them or you; - analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our site;
We will disclose your personal information to third parties:
In the event that we sell any business or assets, in which case we will disclose your personal data to the prospective buyer of such business or assets.
If Paddington and Company Limited or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of https://www.paddington.com/gb/infos/terms-and-conditions/ and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Paddington and Company Limited, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations and authorities for the purposes of fraud protection.
WHERE WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
The data that we collect from you will be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area ("EEA"). It will also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. This includes staff engaged in, among other things, the fulfilment of your order and the provision of support services. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet cannot be completely secure and although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site. Therefore any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent any unauthorised access or use.
RELATING TO THE PHOTOBOOTH FACILITY, AT THE PADDINGTON STORE, PADDINGTON STATION,  LONDON UK
No personal data is obtained or stored by Ustar Group Ltd. (www.Ustargroup.co.uk), our photobooth provider, or P&Co. Ltd during the provision of the photobooth service.  Only images that have been purchased by customers are stored by Ustar Group Ltd. These will be automatically deleted after 2 months from the date of purchase. Photos taken but not purchased will be deleted. Full details relating to your Privacy in the use of the Ustar Group Ltd. photobooth can be found on the UstarGroup website.
YOUR RIGHTS
If you have previously consented to the use of your data you have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes at any time by contacting us via our Contact Us form or emailing us directly to: enquiries@paddingtonbear.co.uk
To exercise this right with respect to the online store, mailing list, or marketing activities operated by our licensee Universal Music Operations Limited, please click here.
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our subsidiary, associated and affiliated companies. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
ACCESS TO INFORMATION
The Act gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act. .
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Any changes we make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.
CONTACT
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be sent via our Contact Us form or emailing us directly to: enquiries@paddingtonbear.co.uk.
USERS UNDER 18YRS AGE
Persons under the age of 16yrs are not allowed to provide personal information to Paddington & Co. Ltd via the website and should not do so. If you are under 18, please get your parent/guardian's permission beforehand whenever you provide personal information to Paddington & Co. Ltd. Website and should confirm this to us. Users without this consent are not allowed to provide us with personal information.
COPYRIGHT
All rights, including copyright, trademark and database rights, in the Paddington & Co. Ltd. website and its contents, are owned by or licensed to Paddington & Co. Ltd., or otherwise used by Paddington & Co. Ltd. as permitted by applicable law.
In accessing Paddington & Co. Ltd. webpages, you agree that you will access the contents solely for your own private use and not for any commercial or public use. You can download and use the service and website on a single CPU at a time and you can print out a single hard copy of any part of the content on Paddington & Co. Ltd’s. website for your personal use.
Except as permitted above, you undertake not to copy, store in any medium (including in any other website), distribute, transmit, re-transmit, broadcast, modify, or show in public any part of the Paddington website without the prior written permission of Paddington & Co. Ltd. or in accordance with the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988.
Updated: 24th May 2018