http://www.behncamp.com/privacy/
BEHN Camp
(508) 549-0997
Home » Behn Privacy Policy
Behn Privacy Policy
Unsubscribe Link
Click here to unsubscribe
from our newsletters
*******************
Behncamp.com is operated by SB Sports Parnters, LLC a Massachusetts company with the physical address:
15 Bird Street
Foxboro, MA 02035
Telephone: (508) 549-0997
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of the site, or your dealings with this website, you may contact:
Email: behncamp@aol.com
Behn Camp and its staff are strongly committed to preserving our customers privacy. The following statement discloses our methods and practices regarding the collections and dissemination of information obtained through this website BehnCamp.com:
Data Collection
We collect personal information to support our business operations. We may obtain personal information in one of two ways:
Active Collection - Our registration partner US Sports Camps requests contact (address) and personal (age) information when an individual user is either requesting more information through mail or email (brochure requests) or when registering for one of the programs we offer. This information is used by US Sports Camps, Inc and Behn Basketball Camp solely for the issuance of the requested information. The information is stored in a database and may be used subsequently to re-issue updates of the previously requested information (i.e. updated camp schedules). By submitting this information you are opting in to receive communication back from US Sports Camps, Inc and Behn Basketball Camp and its partners about camp and camp related products and services.
Passive Collection - The website USSportsCamps.com and behncamp.com also collects information about individual users through the use of cookies. These cookies store the Unique I.P. (internet protocol) Address of each user and the activity of that user with respect to the website. This information is used solely to obtain usages statistics for the website. Each IP address, while logged, is unresolved and is not associated with any other personal information collected by the website either passively or actively.
Deletion of Personal Records or Changes to Personal Records US Sports Camps, Inc. acknowledges that customers about whom we collect personal information have certain legal rights concerning that information. These individuals have a right to be told of their privacy rights and our information handling practices. They have a right to know what information we have about them and with whom we share it. They have the right to request removal of personal information from our records and have a right to correct any mistakes they find in their personal records that US Sports Camps, Inc. maintains.
Users have the following options for correcting personal information or removing their information from our database in order to not receive future communications from US Sports Camps, Inc or Behn Basketball.
You may send a request to behncamp@aol.com
You may fax such a request to 508-549-0998  attn: webmaster
You can send a request by mail to the following postal address: P.O Box 349, Foxboro, MA 02035
You can call the following telephone number: 508-549-0997
Security
Our registration partner has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. The website uses Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology, utilized by most popular browsers, including Netscape Communicator and Browser and Microsoft Internet Explorer. This technology allows US Sports Camps, Inc. to use the industry standard encryption tools necessary to protect information transmitted between your computer and our server.
Third Party Information
This site contains third party links. Behn Basketball is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
About Behn Camp
Homepage
About
News
FAQ
Sitemap
Privacy
US Sports Camps
Contact
© 1996 - 2020 Copyright. BEHN Basketball Camps. All Rights Reserved.
Get Into Camp
About BEHN
Contact Us
Maps
All Camps
Clinics
Day
Overnight
High School Elite
Company Overview
Peace of Mind Policy
Questions & Answers
Testimonials
Behn Camp News
Contact BEHN
Basketball Camps
Day Basketball Camp
Overnight Basketball Camp
Softball
Volleyball
Lacrosse
Contact Behn