http://www.show.me.uk/terms-of-use
SEARCH
TEACHERS
Terms and conditions
This page (taken with the documents and pages it refers to) tells you the terms of use which you agree to when you use www.show.me.uk. It also states our privacy policy.
Show Me is managed and published by Culture24, a registered charity (referred to as ‘we’ below). Our registered office is Office 4, 28 Kensington Street, Brighton, BN1 4AJ. Culture24 can be contacted by phone on 01273 623266, or by email on info@culture24.org.uk.
This page was last updated on 1 July 2014.
Terms of use
Using Show Me
Show Me is maintained and published for your personal use and for use in educational settings.
You agree to use this site only for lawful purposes, and in a manner that does not infringe the rights of, or restrict or inhibit the use and enjoyment of, this site by any third party.
We aim to update our site regularly, and may change the content at any time.
By using this site, you indicate that you accept these terms of use and that you agree to abide by them. If you do not agree to these terms of use, please refrain from using our site.
Linking to and from Show Me
We welcome and encourage other websites to link to the information that is hosted on these pages, and you don’t have to ask permission to link to Show Me.
However, we don’t give you permission to suggest that your website is associated with, or endorsed by, Show Me.
Show Me contains many links to enable you to visit other websites of interest easily. We make every effort to ensure those websites are safe and suitable for your use. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the content or resources you view or use on other websites. We accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.
Disclaimer
While we make every effort to keep Show Me up to date, we don’t provide any guarantees, conditions or warranties as to the accuracy of the information on the site. We recommend in particular that you check opening times and prices of venues, events and exhibitions before making special journeys to visit places.
We don’t accept liability for loss or damage incurred by users of the website, whether direct, indirect or consequential, whether caused by tort, breach of contract or otherwise, in connection with our site, its use, the inability to use, or results of the use of our site, any websites linked to it and any materials posted on it. This includes loss of:
income or revenue
business
profits or contracts
anticipated savings
data
goodwill
tangible property
wasted management or office time
This does not affect our liability for death or personal injury arising from our negligence, nor our liability for fraudulent misrepresentation or misrepresentation as to a fundamental matter, nor any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
Information about you and your visits to Show Me
We process information about you in accordance with our privacy policy (below). By using our site, you consent to such processing and you warrant that all data provided by you is accurate.
Virus protection
We make every effort to check and test material at all stages of production, however you must take your own precautions to ensure that the process which you employ for accessing this website does not expose you to the risk of viruses, malicious computer code or other forms of interference which may damage your own computer system.
We can’t accept any responsibility for any loss, disruption or damage to your data or your computer system which may occur whilst using material derived from this website.
Viruses, hacking and other offences
You must not misuse our site by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our site, the server on which our site is stored or any server, computer or database connected to our site. You must not attack our site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of-service attack.
By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them.
Governing law
These terms and conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales. Any dispute arising under these terms and conditions shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
General
We accept no liability for any failure to comply with these terms and conditions where such failure is due to circumstance beyond our reasonable control.
If we waive any rights available to us under these terms and conditions on one occasion, this does not means that those rights will automatically be waived on any other occasion.
If any of these terms and conditions are held to be invalid, unenforceable or illegal for any reason, the remaining terms and conditions shall nevertheless continue in full force.
Revisions to these terms
We may at any time revise these terms and conditions without notice. Please check these terms and conditions regularly, as continued use of the Show Me website after a change has been made is your acceptance of the change.
Privacy policy
We collect certain information or data about you when you use Show Me.
This includes:
your email address if you send an email to Show Me
your IP address, and details of which version of web browser you used
information on how you use the site, using cookies and page tagging techniques to help us improve the website
This helps us to:
improve the site by monitoring how you use it
respond to any feedback you send us, if you’ve asked us to
We can’t personally identify you using your data.
Where your data is stored
We store your data on our secure servers in the UK, where it could be viewed by our staff or suppliers.
It may also be stored outside of Europe.
By submitting your personal data, you agree to this.
Keeping your data secure
Transmitting information over the internet is generally not completely secure, and we can’t guarantee the security of your data.
Any data you transmit is at your own risk.
We have procedures and security features in place to try and keep your data secure once we receive it.
We won’t share your information with any other organisations for marketing, market research or commercial purposes, and we don’t pass on your details to other websites.
Disclosing your information
We may pass on your personal information if we have a legal obligation to do so, or if we have to enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements.
Your rights
You can find out what information we hold about you, and ask us not to use any of the information we collect.
Links to other websites
Show Me contains links to and from other websites.
This privacy policy only applies to this website, and doesn’t cover other services that we link to.
Following a link to another website
If you go to another website from this one, read the privacy policy on that website to find out what it does with your information.
Following a link to Show Me from another website
If you come to Show Me from another website, we may receive personal information about you from the other website. You should read the privacy policy of the website you came from to find out more about this.