https://www.sailcaribbean.com/privacy-policy/
Sail Caribbean: COVID-19 Information
Learn More
×
Privacy Policy
Sail Caribbean is committed to safeguarding any personal data that you may provide to us while visiting this website and to only using that data in a manner consistent with your intent when you provided it to us. You can visit this entire website without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. On our brochure request form, if desired, you may provide us with limited personal data so that we can provide you with information about our programs and our company. On our online enrollment application, you may, if desired, provide us with certain personal data in order to enroll your child in one or more of our teen summer adventure programs. In certain sections of our website, you may also make electronic payments to us using your credit card account information.
While no data transmission over the Internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, we use industry standard security technology to protect your information. We use 128-bit SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption when transmitting certain information, such as personal data collected on our online application and financial information on our electronic payment forms. An icon resembling a padlock is displayed on the bottom of most browsers window during SSL encrypted transactions.
Information we collect
If you choose to provide it to us via our website, we collect limited Personal Information in order to provide you with information about our programs and our company, and if appropriate, in order to build a customer record required for your participation in our summer programs. The following information may be collected:
Name
Address
Email Address
Age & Birthdate
School & Grade
Gender
Swimming Ability
Scuba certification status
Use of your information
We may use this Personal Information to send our company brochure to you. We may telephone you to follow up the brochure, to ensure you received the requested materials and to answer any other questions you may have. We may similarly contact you via email to follow up our brochure and update you on recent program changes and events. We may also use Personal Information to build a customer record required for participation in our summer programs. We use financial information to perform your intended payment transactions.
We do not share, sell, or lease your Personal Information to any third parties for their marketing usage or otherwise. We will release information about you only if you direct us to do so or if it is required by legal order.
Security of your information
The personal information you provide to us will be stored securely on our servers. We do not store financial information (credit card numbers). We maintain strict physical, electronic, and administrative safeguards to protect your Personal Information from unauthorized or inappropriate access. We restrict access to those staff members who need to know the information for the intended uses.
Your choice to Opt-out
If you decide you do not want to receive our material at any time after you have provided Sail Caribbean with your Personal Information, you may email us at info@sailcaribbean.com indicating your preference and we will remove your Personal Information from our records.
Cookies
We use cookies to collect certain anonymous data regarding traffic on our website and also to enable certain features of our online application and payment forms. A cookie is a small amount of data, which includes an anonymous unique identifier, that is sent to your browser from our website’s servers and stored on your computer’s hard drive. You can configure your browser to accept or reject cookies, however if you reject cookies from our website, you will not be able to use certain features such as our online application.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
Please check this privacy policy periodically to inform yourself about any changes. We reserve the right to modify or supplement this privacy policy at any time.
Contact the Website
If you have any questions regarding our privacy statement, the practices of this site, or any other questions regarding your experience with our web site you may contact us at: email: info@sailcaribbean.com or telephone: 800-321-0994 or 631-754-2202