http://www.west-ext.com/legal/
Rentokil
Skip to content
Menu
Locations
Search
Contact
Bill pay and login
Contact
Contact
Local offices
Referrals
Connect with us
Customer login
Pest control services
Pest control services
Pest control prices
Customer reviews
Additional services
Commercial pest control
Termite control
Termite control
Treatment
Fumigation
Inspection
Protection plan
Help and advice
Help and advice
Pest insights
Business sector insights
Blog
About
About
Local offices
Careers
News
Offers
Rentokil
Menu
Home
> Site
Legal statement
Call us for a free quote at
800-937-8398
or
contact us
Legal statement
The following terms apply to you while accessing material on this site and we encourage you to read this policy before using this site as your use of the site signifies that you agree with all the terms of this policy. You are responsible for bringing these terms to the attention of anyone who may access such material as a result of you.
This site is protected by copyright. This site is published by Rentokil Initial plc or one of its subsidiaries and may not be reproduced other than by downloading and viewing on a single cpu for private internal business use only. Content, imagery or artwork may not be otherwise reproduced or transmitted or made available on a network without prior written permission of Western Exterminator Company.
The names ‘Western Exterminator’, ‘Initial’, and ‘Ambius’’ are registered trademarks.
Any infringement of Rentokil Initial plc's rights will result in appropriate legal action.
This site is for information only. Rentokil Initial plc has used reasonable care and skill in compiling the content of this site but makes no warranty as to the accuracy of any information on this site and cannot accept liability for any particular statement or the result of any use made of it.
Nothing on this site shall constitute an offer or an invitation to sell or the solicitation of an offer to purchase any of the shares in Western Exterminator Company, nor is anything on this site to be taken as any recommendation to purchase shares in Western Exterminator Company. If you are considering investing, you should make your own independent assessment and seek your own professional, legal and financial advice.
All customer reviews submitted via the contact form on reviews.westernexterminator.com may by used for marketing purposes by Western Exterminator Company.
Blog
Terms and Conditions of Use
Access to and use of this Rentokil  Initial Group* Blog is subject to the following terms and conditions of use which apply in addition to the terms and conditions contained in our legal statement.
By using or contributing to the Blog you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions of use and those contained in our legal statement.
*Unless otherwise specified, references in these terms and conditions of use to the Rentokil Initial Group, means Rentokil Initial plc and its group of companies.
Personal details
In order to use or contribute to a Blog you may be required to provide certain personal details to the Rentokil Initial Group. You agree to provide accurate, current and complete information about you in response to any request for such information.
Personal details provided to the Rentokil  Initial Group will be used only in accordance with our privacy policy. Please read this carefully before proceeding. By providing your personal details to us you are consenting to the use of these personal details in accordance with our privacy policy. If you require any further information regarding our data protection policy please address your enquiry to dpofficer@rentokil-initial.com.
Safety
We advise that you never reveal any personal information to other users of the Blog about yourself or anyone else (for example – telephone numbers, postal address, home address, email address or any other details that would enable you to be personally identified).
Material that you submit to the blog
In contributing to the Blog you may not:
post, link to or otherwise publish any content or material that is fraudulent, untrue, misleading, threatening, abusive, defamatory, indecent, harassing, harmful, obscene, unlawfully discriminatory or otherwise objectionable;
post, link to or otherwise publish any content or material which is in breach of confidence or which is in breach of or violates any applicable law, regulation or code, or in breach of any intellectual property right (including without limitation, copyright);
post, link to or otherwise publish any material containing any form of advertising or promotion for goods and/or services or any “Spam”;
post, link to, transmit or otherwise publish any content or material which contains software viruses or any form of harmful file or code which is designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the operation of any Rentoki  Initial Group website, computer, software or equipment or that belonging to any other third party;
post, link to or otherwise publish any material that is unrelated to the Blog or the Blog topic of discussion;
post, link to or otherwise publish any content or material with recommendations to buy or refrain from buying a particular security or which is likely to have an effect on the price of a particular security;
impersonate any other person, firm or entity (including Rentokil Initial Group employees) or misrepresent an association with the Western Exterminator Company or any other person or entity;
engage in any activity which restricts or inhibits access to or use of the Blog by any other user.
Breach of terms and conditions
You agree that the Rentokil Initial Group may (at its discretion) disclose your personal details to any third party, who is claiming that any contribution made by you to the Blog is defamatory, in breach of confidence, in breach of any intellectual property right, in breach of any of the warranties contained in these Terms and Conditions of Use or otherwise is in breach of or violates any applicable law, regulation or code.
User liability and indemnity
You are solely responsible for all content/material which you submit or otherwise publish on the Blog. You warrant and represent that any material you submit to us is your own original work and that you own the copyright and other relevant rights.
You acknowledge that any breach of these Terms and Conditions of Use and/or of the terms and conditions contained in our Legal Statement may cause us damage and/or loss.
You agree to indemnify the Rentokil Initial Group in full and on demand against any third party liability, claims, loss (including consequential loss), damage and costs (including legal costs and expenses) we incur as a result of content/material you submit to the Blog.
Non-endorsement
Some of the content/material posted on the Blog is submitted by third parties unconnected with the Rentokil  Initial Group and by third parties over whom the Rentokil Initial Group has no control (“Contributors”).
The Rentokil Initial Group does not endorse any Contributor material or any opinion, recommendation or advice expressed therein and the Rentokil Initial Group expressly disclaims any and all liability in connection with Contributor material.
The Rentokil Initial Group cannot guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of any material submitted by a Contributor. You must bear all risks associated with your use of the Blog.
General information purposes only
Rentokil Initial Group employees will contribute material to the Blog in order to stimulate discussions and in order to ensure the smooth running of the Blog. The information contained on this Blog is not comprehensive and is provided for general information purposes only.
Information may not be up to date or applicable to the circumstances of any particular case. You should not substitute any advice contained on this Blog for specific professional advice relating to your personal circumstances.
The Rentokil Initial Group cannot accept any liability whatsoever for any inaccuracies or omissions on this Blog and any decisions you make based on information contained on this Blog are your sole responsibility.
Third party websites and links
This Blog may contain hyperlinks to other websites. If you use these hyperlinks to access these other websites you will leave the Rentokil Initial Group website. These other websites may have their own terms and condition of use and privacy policy and you should read these carefully.
Where a link is provided to a third party website, such a link does not indicate that the Western Exterminator Company have reviewed or endorse the third party's website or its contents. The Rentokil Initial Group does not accept any responsibility or liability of any nature whatsoever for these other websites or any information contained in them.
Intellectual property rights
You agree to grant us a royalty free, worldwide, perpetual and non-exclusive license to use, copy, distribute, transmit or otherwise publish in whole or in part (and in any form or media) any material which you submit to the Blog. You waive any moral rights in all material you submit.
Monitoring, editing and removal of material submitted
The Rentokil  Initial Group reserves the right (which it may exercise without prior notice and at its sole discretion):
to monitor any material and communications made to the Blog;
to edit or otherwise amend any material which you submit to the Blog;
to delete any material which you submit to the Blog;
to terminate your access to and use of the Blog.
Jurisdiction
These Terms and Conditions of Use shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of England and Wales which shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any disputes.
Changes to these terms and conditions of use
The Rentokil Initial Group may change these Terms and Conditions of Use from time to time without notice. You should check these terms and conditions regularly. Your continued use of this Blog will be deemed to be acceptance of any updated or amended terms and conditions.
If you require any further information please address your enquiry to littleMan@west-ext.com.
Next steps
Find a Western Exterminator near you
Type your zip code
Search
Please try again...
Get in touch
Contact an expert
Explore Mr. Little’s bug book
Get bug facts and more from Mr. Little’s 90+ years of know-how!
Locations
Find your local branch
California
Anaheim
Bakersfield
Carson
Chino
Fresno
Los Angeles
Novato
Oxnard
Palm Springs
Palmdale
Pleasanton
Riverside
Sacramento
Salinas
San Diego
San Francisco
San Jose
Santa Ana
Santa Maria
Van Nuys
Arizona
Phoenix
Scottsdale
Tucson
Idaho
Boise
Nevada
Las Vegas
Reno
Oregon
Portland
Roseburg
Utah
Salt Lake City
St. George
Washington
Marysville
Seattle
Spokane
Search
I need help with...
Search
Common pests in the US:
Ants
Termites
Bed bugs
Contact
Call your local branch
800-937-8398
or fill out your details and we will call you back
Bill pay and login
eBilling View your invoices
PestNetOnline
Manage your business