http://www.scottishspca.org/terms-conditions-and-privacy
Skip to main content
Our centres are closed, unless you have an appointment. To protect our animal care teams we are following Scottish Government guidelines on coronavirus. This means our centres can rehome to anyone travelling from a local authority area classed from Level 0-2. Centres in local authority areas classed as Level 3-4 can only rehome to people living in the same local authority area. Please check which level of restrictions are in place in both the Council area where you live and where the animal you are looking to rehome is on the Scottish Government website.
Terms, conditions and privacy
This is the official website of the Scottish Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (also known as the Scottish SPCA and SSPCA). Scottish Charity No. SC 006467. Company Limited by Guarantee No. SC 201401. Registered Office: Kingseat Road, Halbeath, Dunfermline KY11 8RY.
Visiting www.scottishspca.org (the "website") constitutes your acceptance of our Terms and Conditions.
1. Terms and Conditions
1.1 "We" and "us" refer to the Scottish SPCA. "You" and "your" refer to the user of this website.
We reserve the right to change our Terms and Conditions at any time and advise checking for updates on a regular basis.
1.2 The content of this website is designed to comply with Scots Law. Users agree to use this website only for lawful purposes and to submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Scottish courts. This website is not intended to be accessed by persons from countries with laws which may construe its content as being contrary to their laws.
1.3 All material on this website is the copyright of the Scottish SPCA or third parties. You may view the contents on screen and make one copy or save reasonable extracts for your personal use or study. Otherwise, no part of this website may be reproduced without written permission from the Scottish SPCA.
1.4 The content of this website is for your general information and is not intended to address your particular requirements. In particular, if you have concerns about your animal's health you should consult a qualified vet.
1.5 Nothing on this website is intended to be an offer to enter into a contract or other binding obligation with you.
1.6 This website is not guaranteed to be free from viruses and we strongly recommend using reliable anti-virus software.
1.7 Although this website intends to only include quality, safe and relevant external links, users are advised to adopt a policy of caution before clicking any external web links mentioned throughout this website. (External links are clickable text / banner / image links to other websites, similar to www.websitename.co.uk.). We cannot guarantee or verify the contents of any externally linked website despite our best efforts. Users should therefore note you click on external links at your own risk and this website and its owners cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any external links mentioned.
1.8 If you have made a donation to the Scottish SPCA in error or if you wish to change your mind about donating to the Scottish SPCA we will refund your donation to the card from which it was made provided you contact us within 14 days of the donation being made. Please contact your provider if you believe your card has been used fraudulently. The Scottish SPCA abides by its obligations under the Direct Debit Guarantee.
1.9 Items purchased directly from this website (not including external websites belonging to third parties) may be returned for a full refund provided you contact us within 28 days and non-faulty and non-damaged items are received by the Scottish SPCA in re-saleable condition.
2. Privacy policy
The Scottish SPCA will NOT sell your personal data to any third party.
At the Scottish Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (also known as the Scottish SPCA and the SSPCA), we are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
Please read this Privacy Notice, together with any other privacy notice that we may provide to you, as it contains important information about how we collect, manage, use and protect your personal data.
By accessing www.scottishspca.org (the “website”) or otherwise providing information to us, you agree to our privacy practices as set out in this Privacy Notice.
We may change this Privacy Notice from time to time. Please check this policy frequently to ensure you are aware of the most recent version and the date that it was last updated.
This policy was last updated in April 2018.
If you have any questions regarding this policy or about our privacy practices, please contact us at: 03000 999 999, feedback@scottishspca.orgor by writing to us at Scottish SPCA, Kingseat Road, Halbeath, Dunfermline, Fife, KY11 8RY and marking your query for the attention of The Data Protection Officer Mike Flynn.
2.1 Who are we?
When we say ‘Scottish SPCA’, ‘we’ or ‘us’ in this policy, we are referring to the Scottish Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals which is a registered charity in Scotland (Scottish Charity No. SC 006467) and a company limited by guarantee registered in Scotland (Company No. SC201401) with its registered office at Kingseat Road, Halbeath, Dunfermline KY11 8RY.
This also includes our charitable trading company – Braehead Enterprises Limited, a company registered in Scotland (Company No. SC184953) with its registered office at Kingseat Road, Halbeath, Dunfermline KY11 8RY together with any other entities we add to this group in the future.
The Scottish SPCA is a "data controller" of the personal data that you provide to us. This means that we are responsible for deciding how we hold and use personal information about you. We are required under data protection legislation to notify you of the information contained in this privacy notice.
2.2 What information do we collect?
2.2.1 Information you give us
Information that we may collect from you includes, but is not limited to your name, address, email address, phone numbers, gender, date of birth, veterinary surgeon and financial and credit card information.
You may give us such information directly by filling in forms on our website or donation leaflets or by corresponding or speaking with us by phone, email, letter or otherwise. This includes information you provide when you access or otherwise use our website, register as a member, register to adopt or foster an animal, register to use our e-mail newsletter eNews, submit a query, make a donation, purchase a product, provide us with feedback or when you report a problem with the website.
2.2.2 Information we collect about you
To administer our site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes
To provide and improve our site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so as part of our efforts to keep our site safe and secure
To measure or understand the effectiveness of our appeals, and to deliver relevant advertising to you
Reasons given by an Scottish SPCA inspector for the rejection of your application to our fostering scheme or the issuing of an improvement notice.
Other information generated or received by us in connection with your participation in the fostering scheme, including complaints and investigations relating to you.
2.2.3 Information we receive from other sources
We may receive information about you if you use any of the other websites we operate or the other services that we provide. In this case we will have informed you when we collected that data that it may be shared internally and combined with data collected on this site.
We collect information directly from you or generate it in the course of administering the fostering scheme. Where you have provided details of your veterinary surgeon, we will contact, and request information from, your veterinary surgeon. We may receive information about you from Local Authorities in relation to any licences or authorisation that you have been granted by a Local Authority. We may also receive information about you from members of the public.
We also work with third parties (including, for example, business partners, sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers, search information providers, credit reference agencies) and may receive information about you from them.
We may receive information if you have provided permission to other organisations to share it with us. Before providing permission to such third party organisations to share your personal data, you should check their privacy notices carefully.
We may take information from publically available sources (where possible) to keep your information up to date, for example, from the Post Office’s National Change of Address Database.
We may occasionally purchase the contact details of people who might be interested in hearing from us. Before purchasing such information, we will check with the vendor that your information was originally collected in a compliant manner, to make sure that we only contact people who have actively expressed an interest in receiving information from third parties.
2.3 How we might use your information
We use information held about you in the following ways:
2.3.1 Information you give to us. We will use this information:
To manage and administer our relationship with you
To process any donations that you have made to us, carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, for example, when you purchase products from our shop, and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us
To provide you with information about our activities and appeals
To notify you about changes to our service
To ensure that content from our website is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer
To understand our donor demographic
For the purposes of the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
2.3.2 Information we collect about you. We will use this information:
To administer our site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes
To provide and improve our site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so as part of our efforts to keep our site safe and secure
To measure or understand the effectiveness of our appeals, and to deliver relevant advertising to you
To keep our fostering scheme records up to date.
To inform you of updates to the terms and conditions or changes to the administration of the fostering scheme.
To contact and visit you to carry out checks to ensure that you meet the standard required to be a Scottish SPCA fosterer.
To allow us to investigate complaints regarding fostering, and report criminality, or suspected criminality, for the benefit of animal welfare and the wider benefit of society.
2.3.3 Information we receive from other sources:
We may combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you. We may use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive).
2.4 Our Marketing
We may, with your consent, text or e-mail you to provide you with information about our activities and appeals or provide you with our e-mail newsletter, eNews, which is used to inform you about appeals, products and services supplied by us. You can un-subscribe at any time through an automated system. This process is detailed at the footer of each email. If an automated un-subscription system is unavailable clear instructions on how to un-subscribe will be detailed instead.
We may occasionally, with your consent, call you to provide you with information about our activities and appeals or provide you with information about products and services supplied by us. You may unsubscribe to calls by instructing the person calling you or by contacting the Scottish SPCA at any time on the details set out in the ‘Contact Us’ section of this notice.
We may also communicate with your through postal marketing when it is in our legitimate interests to do this and when these interests do not override your rights. Those legitimate interests include providing you with information on our appeals, membership, services, products, fundraising, newsletter requests, feedback, competitions and other activities and those of other carefully selected organisations. You have the right to contact us at any time and opt-out of receiving postal communications.
2.5 Profiling
We may use profiling and screening methods to produce relevant communications and provide you with a better experience. Profiling can help us understand our donor demographic and target our resources more effectively, which donors tell us is a key priority for them, and help us to build relationships appropriate to your interests and capacity to give.
To do this we may use additional external sources of data to increase and enhance the information we hold about you. This may include obtaining details of changes of address, date of birth, other contact details as well as information related to your wealth.
If you do not wish for your information to be used in this manner, or have any queries about how we use your information, you can contact us on the details provided in the ‘Contact us’ section of this notice.
2.6 What is our legal basis for using your information?
There are a number of lawful reasons for us to process your personal data.
One of these is called ‘legitimate interest’ and means that we can process your personal data if (i) we have a genuine and legitimate reason; and (ii) are not harming any of your rights and interests.
Our goal is to rescue animals and nurse them back to health before finding them loving new homes or releasing them back into the wild. We also play a vital role in supporting and educating the public on animal welfare issues. In addition, as the only animal charity in the UK recognised as a reporting agency to the Crown Office, we also investigate abuse and prevent cruelty to animals.
We will use your personal data in order to help us achieve those goals and roles and to give you the most appropriate marketing, information, products and services and to provide you with the best experience when dealing with us. This may include:
Postal marketing to you;
Personalising our service / communications offering to you;
Analysing your personal data for the purposes of donor analysis, assessment, profiling and direct marketing;
To determine the effectiveness of our campaigns and advertising; and
In your interests, for example, to ensure that our systems are secure.
Whenever we process your personal data for our legitimate interests, we will consider and balance any potential impact on you and your rights under data protection law.
Other legal bases that we will rely on include the following:
If you purchase a product or service from us, we may process your personal data in order to fulfil our contract with you.
If we are providing you with e-mail communications, we will only do so with your consent. If you have given us your consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time by using the details below in the ‘Contact Us’ section.
Where we are required to comply with our legal obligations (such as enforcing the Animal Health and Welfare (Scotland) Act 2006), or to establish and defend our legal rights, or to prevent and detect crimes such as fraud.
2.7 How long will we hold your information for?
We will hold your personal data on our systems for as long as is necessary for the relevant activity. For example, we will keep a record of donations subject to gift aid for at least seven years to comply with relevant legislation.
Therefore, some information may be kept for more or less time depending on how long we reasonably feel it is required for.
We review our retention periods for personal data on a regular basis.
If you have applied to foster an animal with us and your application is successful, then we will retain your personal data for so long as you are a member of the Scheme and for up to six months following a decision by you not to renew your membership.
If:
your application to become a member of the fostering scheme is unsuccessful;
your status as a fosterer is terminated; or
we otherwise receive a complaint about you during your membership,
then we will retain details of the reasons for rejecting your application, terminating your membership or the nature of the complaint for up to 15 years following the date of rejection or the termination or expiry of your membership.
We believe that our donors are connected to our mission and want to know how they can continue to help us to achieve our charitable aims. Therefore, we will retain certain donor personal data such as contact details and a record of donations made for seven years after a donation is made unless you tell us not to.
We want to keep in touch with anyone who has shown an interest in the Scottish SPCA and our work but will delete personal data after seven years if we have not heard further from you as we are very mindful of trying to only send you what you are interested in and only as often as is appropriate. As part of our efforts to target our resources effectively, if it appears that we are sending communications that are not of interest to you, for example, our Christmas appeals, we may review this and reduce or stop these types of communications in a shorter time.
If you ask us to delete your information in accordance with your rights set out below, we will retain basic information on a suppression list to record your request and to avoid sending you unwanted materials in the future.
2.8 Who we might share your information with
We will NOT sell your personal data to any third parties.
We may share your personal information with any member of our group, such as our trading company, Braehead Enterprises.
2.8.1 We may share your information with selected third parties including:
When we use other companies to provide services on our behalf, e.g. processing, mailing or delivering orders, answering customers’ questions about products or services, sending mail and emails, customer and donor analysis, assessment and profiling, when using auditors or other professional advisors or processing credit/debit card payments.
Business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with them or you.
Analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our site.
IT service providers.
Organisations that we engage for the purposes of co-ordinating donor appeals.
If we run an event in partnership with other named organisations your details may need to be shared. We will be very clear what will happen to your data when you register.
If we merge with another organisation or form a new entity, your personal data may be transferred to that new entity.
If you are taking part in the Scottish SPCA fostering scheme we may share your personal information with local authorities, law enforcement agencies and veterinary surgeons.
2.8.2 We may disclose your personal information to third parties to:
Comply with any court order or other legal obligation or when data is requested by our regulators or by government agencies or law enforcement agencies;
Enforce or apply our terms of use and any other agreements;
Protect the rights, property, or safety of us, our employees, donors, or others. This may include exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
2.8.3 Social Media
We may use your email address and phone number to match to your account on Facebook, Instagram or other social media sites in order to show you Scottish SPCA content while using these services. We only do this where you have opted in to marketing emails or phone calls and we keep your data secure by encrypting it. No data we hold about you is retained by the third party.
In addition, we may also use your email address and phone number to link to Facebook, Instagram or other social media sites in order to identify other users of these sites whom we believe would be interested in Scottish SPCA, and we may then show them Scottish SPCA content. No data we hold about you is retained by the third party.
If you wish to prevent this use of your data, you can either contact us to opt out of such use or you can do this through the social media site. Please be aware that opting out of such communications does not guarantee that you never see SSPCA content on social media, since the social media site may select you based on other criteria and without your data having been provided by Scottish SPCA.
2.9 International transfers of personal data
The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area ("EEA") for the purposes described in this policy. It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. Such staff may be engaged in, among other things, the fulfilment of your order, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services.
If we do this, your personal information will continue to be subject to one or more appropriate safeguards set out in the law, for example we may use model contracts in a form approved by regulators. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
2.10 Your rights
You have a number of rights. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us using the details set out below in the ‘Contact Us’ section. If you exercise any of these rights we may ask for proof of identity and sufficient information about your interactions with us so that we can locate your personal information. If we agree that we are obliged to provide personal information to you (or someone else on your behalf), we will provide it to you or them free of charge except in exceptional circumstances.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the data protection regulator, the Information Commissioner’s Office, if you have concerns about how we use your personal information. You can contact the Information Commissioner’s Office at: https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/.
Your rights include:
transparency over how we use you data and to make a subject access request (right of access);
a right to have your personal data updated and corrected (right of correction/rectifcation);
a right to ask us to delete your information (right to be forgotten);
a right to ask us to stop processing your information (right to restriction);
a right to object to (i) processing based on our legitimate interests; (ii) processing of your information for direct marketing purposes; and (iii) automated decision making and profiling (right to object);
a right to receive a copy of your information, or have this sent to a third party (right to data portability); and
a right to claim compensation for material or non-material damage caused if we breach the data protection rules(right to compensation).
If you would like to find out more about your rights, you can visit the Information Commissioner’s Office website (https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr).
2.11 How you can access and update your information
We strive to maintain accurate, complete, and relevant personal information for the purposes identified in this privacy statement. If any of the personal information we hold about you is inaccurate or out of date, you may ask us to correct it. It is important that the personal information we hold about you is accurate and current.
2.12 Security precautions in place to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of your information
We have implemented reasonable measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration and disclosure. Details of these measures can be obtained on request.
Third parties will only process your personal information on our instructions and where they have agreed to treat the information confidentially and to keep it secure.
We also have procedures in place to deal with any suspected data security breach. We will notify you and any applicable regulator of a suspected data security breach where we are legally required to do so.
Our security measures are regularly reviewed.
Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding this policy or about our privacy practices, wish to exercise any of your rights or wish to make a complaint, please contact our Data Protection Officer at:
Mike Flynn
Data Protection Officer
Scottish SPCA
Kingseat Road
Halbeath
Dunfermline
Fife
KY11 8RY
Telephone: 03000 999 999
E-mail: feedback@scottishspca.org
Footer
Home
Accessibility
Cookies
Terms, conditions & privacy
×
Animal helpline
03000 999 999
Report concerns FAQs
If you wish to report an injured or distressed animal, please call our animal helpline on the number shown above. As we are not able to rehome animals right now, please don't call us if that's what you are enquiring about, so our helpline team can assist those with animals in urgent need.
×
Search
Search