https://www.sa-venues.com/help-desk/guests/008.php
FAQ / Why book and pay through SA-Venues.com®?
"Why should I use SA-Venues.com now that I've found somewhere to book?"
We're one of South Africa's most trusted accommodation portals for people to list, discover and book accommodation throughout the country. And we've been helping tourists like you do just that for over 21 years.
We understand that it's tempting to browse our pages, make an initial communication with an establishment, and then take it offline to side-step any cost involved in the process.
But here's why you shouldn't ...
Don't pay any Airy Fairy service fees
If you're booking through SA-Venues.com, you, the guest, pay no fees to us to do so. We don't add on a "service fee" once you accept a quote from an establishment. Some websites are known to add on as much as 12%, and should you have to cancel your booking you won't get that service fee back.
Cause you're a responsible traveller
It's tempting to book with big name global brands. But responsible travellers know that when they visit a foreign destination their money should go into the local economy. We are South African, we employ South Africans, and we promote South African businesses. Proudly! Since 1999.
And ... we price match
Find a better price somewhere else and we'll match it. And send you a voucher to use on your next booking with us.
The following conditions apply. Our guarantee only applies if you have found a better rate published online for the same dates, room type, number of people, number and children of ages (if applicable). Special offers do not apply, nor does the use of vouchers or coupons.
Your payments are protected
If you book through SA-Venues.com you're protected under our cancellation and refund policies. Our deposit guarantee promises you an alternative accommodation should there be a problem with the venue, such as a booking scam. Our Payment Protection guarantee covers 100% refund for cancellations (we underwrite your deposit), should you find on arrival that your chosen establishment has suddenly 'closed'.
We can't provide these benefits if your reservation is not booked, and paid for, directly through SA-Venues.com.
Your cards and privacy are protected too
SA-Venues.com encrypts transaction data during the payment process, and does not store credit card details. We also foot the cost of the credit card fees.
Communicating and paying outside of SA-Venues.com puts you at greater risk of fraud and other security issues and makes it harder for us to protect your information.
Don't get fooled
We verify every listing on SA-Venues.com. Don't get taken in by "too-good-to-be-true" deals, only to find yourself defrauded. When you book through us, you're booking with the actual property, not someone claiming to be the property.
You deal direct, anyway
Our booking engine provides you with a safe way to communicate with the accommodation owner directly. The booking engine keeps a history of all correspondence and transactions, protecting both you and the venue.
Didn't answer your question?
Please email us or call during office hours +27 021 797 1134 and we'll gladly assist you.
How to make a booking
Why should I book through SA-Venues.com?
What is Secure EFT?
What is 3D Secure?
How do I activate my card for 3D Secure?
What is SA-Venues.com Payment Protection?
How do I redeem a voucher and what are the conditions?
Terms of use for guests using the SA-Venues.com Website
Once you've made a booking
Will I receive a receipt for my booking?
I need to cancel my booking, how do I do this?
How can I pay the balance of my booking?
Can't find your question?
Please email support@sa-venues.com or call during office hours +27 021 797 1134 and we'll gladly assist you.
South Africa. Explore. Experience. Stay
menu
Languages
English
Deutsch
Currency
South African Rand
Login
Guest
Property
Destinations
Information
Introduction to South Africa
Tourist Attractions
Maps / Atlas
South Africa Travel Blog
First-hand accounts, tips and experiences in our beautiful country
By Province
Western Cape
Garden Route
Eastern Cape
KwaZulu Natal
Gauteng
Mpumalanga
Limpopo
North West
Free State
Northern Cape
Accommodation
Categories
South Africa Hotels
Guest Houses
Bed and Breakfast
Self Catering
Game Lodges / Safaris
Search By Map
Interests & Special Needs
Pet- and wheelchair-friendly, guest farms, golf lodges, etc
Special Offers
By Province
Western Cape
Garden Route
Eastern Cape
KwaZulu Natal
Gauteng
Mpumalanga
Limpopo
North West
Free State
Northern Cape
Popular
Cape Town
Johannesburg
Sandton
Pretoria
Durban
Port Elizabeth
Knysna
Kruger Park
Cape Winelands
Drakensberg
Hotels
By Province
Western Cape Hotels
Eastern Cape Hotels
KwaZulu Natal Hotels
Gauteng Hotels
Mpumalanga Hotels
Limpopo Hotels
North West Hotels
Free State Hotels
Northern Cape Hotels
Popular Searches
Cape Town Hotels
Garden Route Hotels
Durban Hotels
Johannesburg Hotels
Out & About
Proudly South African
Adventures & Outdoor Activities
Game Reserves
Things To Do
Restaurants in South Africa
Hiking Trails
Health Resorts & Spas
Golf Courses
Wine Estates
Botanical Gardens
World Heritage Sites
Made in South Africa
Wildlife
Birdlife
Plantlife
Cuisine
Languages & Culture
Touring
Conferences
Weddings
About Us
Contact SA-V
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Copyright / Legal
Terms of Use
Establishment Login
Why book with us?
Strictest card verification in the industry. Your card is safe with us.
We don't store credit card details so they can't be compromised.
Responsible travellers buy local. We're proudly South African!
Protection from online fraud: all property owners are verified.
Your privacy guaranteed. We won't share your contact details. Ever.
We don't charge airy-fairy service fees; so you save!
Want more reasons?
Let us inspire you
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
Pinterest
Blog
SA-Venues.com® has been assisting travellers with their South Africa travel plans since 1999, and is the largest, independent online travel guide for South Africa available in both English and German.
Add your listing
SA-Venues.com © 1999-2020. All Rights Reserved. Find and book hotels and accommodation in South Africa. Sitemap
Search