https://www.ffa.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
National FFA Organization Privacy Policy
Home/National FFA Organization Privacy Policy
National FFA Organization Privacy PolicyFFA2020-10-05T16:13:41-04:00
Effective Date: 09/2020
The National FFA Organization , hereinafter referred to as “FFA”, is committed to respecting the privacy of FFA members and stakeholders. Our privacy policy governs the collection and use of personal information, whether gathered by our staff, from program participants, from website visitors or through correspondence, and it reflects our approach to gathering, storing, and disseminating data. FFA provides regular training to our staff about the safekeeping and proper use and care of data that is entrusted to  FFA and shall only use data collected for purposes that are integral to furthering the mission of FFA and agricultural education.
Information Collection and Use
Personal information is collected through websites that are either owned and operated by FFA or by affiliated third parties who have been vetted and are regularly audited. Examples include, but are not limited to, FFA.org, Shop FFA, online event registration services, as well as a variety of systems used for providing FFA programs and events.
Student information collected consists of membership roster data which may include the following personally identifiable information: name, home address, age, e-mail addresses, phone numbers, birthdate, gender, ethnicity, race, residence type, high school graduation year, grade level and t-shirt size.
Personal information collected is utilized for services such as membership enrollment and management, merchandise sales, fulfillment of magazine subscriptions and delivery, and to conduct programs and events offered by FFA. This information, which may be shared with FFA state associations, allows students the opportunity to apply for awards and recognition, create participation portfolios, and notify students and their parents and/or guardians of opportunities supportive of the educational mission and objectives of FFA. A student may also need to provide FFA with additional personally identifiable information as required to participate in FFA programs or receive awards and comply with IRS regulations. FFA does not require a student to disclose more information than is necessary to participate in FFA activities. FFA does not share, sell, or disclose student information to unaffiliated third parties.
Privacy of Students
FFA does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 without a parent’s and/or legal guardian’s consent. FFA believes that all student data is the property of the student (or parent/guardian) while the student is under 18 years of age.
Students, parents and legal guardians may review personal information we have collected about students, request adjustment, deletion or refuse to allow further collection or use of the information at any time. To do so, please contact Membership Services, National FFA Organization, 6060 FFA Drive, Indianapolis, IN 46278, membership@ffa.org, 317-802-6060.
Information Security
To protect against loss, misuse or alteration of information collected, FFA ensures that appropriate security measures are in place at all physical facilities where data is stored. User data is stored, both physically and electronically, and is encrypted both while in motion and at rest using standard encryption methods. FFA continues to implement and maintain industry standard data security practices, including the use of next generation firewalls and security services. FFA conducts periodic independent 3rd party security assessments to continually assess and improve our data security practices.
Browser Cookies
The websites of FFA utilize browser cookies for the purposes of caching user credentials for faster login, retaining shopping cart data for a period of time prior to sale, allowing faster return access to the site, and allowing access to certain functions that might otherwise be inaccessible. Cookies from our websites are not linked in any way to personally identifiable information.
Email Subscriptions
Recipients of National FFA e-mail messages have the option to unsubscribe from any mailing list or all FFA marketing email. This may be done on the subscription page or via links at the bottom of all FFA marketing email messages. Those who choose to unsubscribe will not receive further email of that type if unsubscribed from all lists is indicated.
Disclaimer
All information presented on FFA websites is presented in good faith and is believed to be correct. However, FFA makes no representations or warranties as to the completeness or accuracy of this information.
Contacting FFA
Questions regarding this privacy policy can be directed to FFA by regular mail, e-mail or phone.
National FFA Organization
Attn: Privacy Officer
6060 FFA Drive
Indianapolis, IN 46278
Email: privacy@ffa.org
Telephone: 317-802-6060
X