http://www.tvdsb.on.ca/en/our-board/privacy-and-freedom-of-information.aspx?_mid_=522
Close Alert Banner
Close Old Browser Notification
Browser Compatibility Notification
It appears you are trying to access this site using an outdated browser.
As a result, parts of the site may not function properly for you.
We recommend updating your browser to its most recent version at your earliest convenience.
Privacy and Freedom of Information
More
HomeOur BoardPrivacy and Freedom of Information
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Email
Privacy
Under the authority of the Education Act, the Thames Valley District School Board collects, uses and shares personal information from, and about, parents/guardians/students for the purposes of planning, administering, and delivering educational programs and services.
How is my Personal Information Used/Shared?
In addition to the Education Act, the Municipal Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act (MFIPPA) governs the sharing/disclosure of personal information.
In accordance with legislation and the Privacy and Management of Personal Information Procedure, the Thames Valley District School Board shares the personal information it collects as follows:
for the purpose for which it was obtained or a consistent purpose (a purpose consistent for the reason collected);
with Board officers or employees who need access to the information in the performance of their duties if necessary and proper in the discharge of the Board’s authorized functions;
to comply with legislation, a court order or subpoena or to aid in a law enforcement investigation conducted by a law enforcement agency; and
in compelling circumstances affecting health or safety.
It is our practice to include a notice of collection statement on forms used to collect personal information to advise you how we will use and disclose the information.
The Routine Use and Disclosure of Student Personal Information Guideline provides an overview of routine uses and disclosures of student personal information.
Questions about Privacy?
For general enquiries:  email Privacy Office or call 519-452-2000 ext. 20218.
Personal Health Information Protection Act (PHIPA)
“Personal health information” is identifying information about an individual student which pertains to health care, including information about a student’s physical or mental health, receipt of health care services and health number. The Personal Health Information Protection Act (PHIPA) establishes rules for the collection, use and disclosure of personal health information in a broad range of circumstances. When the Thames Valley District School Board collects student personal health information (i.e. conducts speech and language or psychological assessments to support a student’s educational program), it follows the rules in PHIPA.
The legislation balances individuals' right to privacy with respect to their own personal health information with the legitimate needs of persons and organizations who provide health care services to access and share this information. It sets out rules for the collection, use and disclosure of personal health information which apply to all "Health Information Custodians" operating within the province of Ontario and to individuals and organizations who receive personal health information from those authorized to collect and use it. The rules recognize the unique character of personal health information as one of the most sensitive types of personal information that is frequently shared.
Collection and Use of Personal Health Information
With limited exceptions, the legislation requires health information custodians to obtain consent before they collect, use or disclose personal health information. They must take reasonable steps to safeguard and protect personal health information and ensure that medical records are retained, stored, transferred and disposed of in a safe and secure manner.
Health Information Custodians are required to notify an individual if his/her personal information is lost, stolen or accessed by an unauthorized individual or organization.
Knowledgeable consent is required for the collection, use and disclosure of personal health information relating to any student of the Thames Valley District School Board.  Consent is considered to be "knowledgeable" if the person knows what information is being collected, how it will be used, where and for how long it will be stored, under what circumstances will it be disclosed, for what period of time the consent is valid and how it can be withdrawn.
The Act is clear that a capable person, regardless of age, may consent to the collection, use and disclosure of his/her personal health information.  In other words, where a person has the ability to understand the information that is relevant to deciding whether to consent, and has the ability to appreciate reasonable consequences of giving, not giving, or withdrawing consent, that person is the one from whom consent is sought.  However, it is still prudent to obtain written, informed consent from the parents/legal guardians of a student, particularly those under the age of 16.
Others may also consent on that person's behalf (for example, anyone over the age of 16 that the person has authorized to act on his/her behalf, a parent if the person is under the age of 16, or a substitute decision-maker if the person is incapable of consenting (as determined by a Consent and capacity Board).
PHIPA requires that the Board provide written information describing the practices of the Health Information Custodian.
Important Definitions
"Health Care"
Health care is defined as any observation, examination, assessment, care, service or procedure that is done for a health-related purpose and that is provided to treat or maintain an individual's physical or mental condition, prevent disease or injury, or to promote health.
"Health Information Custodian"
The legislation applies to all health care practitioners, including those defined under the Regulated Health Professions Act (psychologists, psychological associates, and speech-language pathologists), members of the Ontario College of Social Workers and Social Service Workers (social workers and attendance counselors), and those people "whose primary function is to provide health care for payment".  In other words, all non-teaching Student Services staff of the Thames Valley District School Board are considered to be Health Information Custodians as defined by the Act.
"Agent"
District school boards, teachers and other employees within the Board are considered "agents" regarding the use of health information. An agent is a person who, with the authorization of the Health Information Custodian, acts for, or on their behalf.  Agents are not permitted to collect, use or disclose personal health information unless permitted to do so by the Custodian.
Access to Information
The Municipal Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act (the Act) establishes a general right of access to records held by municipal government, local agencies, school boards and commissions, using these principles:
Any information held by government should, in general, be available to the public;
Any exemptions from the right of access to information should be limited and specific;
Any decisions relating to access to information can be reviewed by the independent Information and Privacy Commissioner/Ontario; and
Any person may make a request for information held by a government institution covered by the Act.
How do I make a Freedom of Information request?
Requests are made using the Freedom of Information request form.
Forms may be submitted in person or by mail to:
Thames Valley District School Board
1250 Dundas Street
London, ON  N5W 5P2
How much does a request cost?
There is a mandatory $5.00 application fee that must be paid when submitting a Freedom of Information request. Please be advised the $5.00 application fee cannot be waived and is non-refundable.
Additional fees for searching, photocopying, severing, etc. may apply as outlined in Section 45 of the Act.
What is the time frame for completing a request?
The Board responds to a request within 30 days of receiving the form and application fee. Requests requiring an extensive search, a large number of records, and/or consultation with an external third party may require an extension to the 30 days.  If an extension is required you will be notified as outlined in Section 20 of the Act.
For more information, email Privacy Office or call 519-452-2000 ext. 20218.
Additional information about access to information may be obtained by visiting the Information and Privacy Commissioner of Ontario.
Subscribe to this Page
Contact Us
Privacy and Freedom of InformationAbout UsAward of DistinctionBoard BylawsBoard MeetingsBusiness ServicesClient PortalCommunicationsConcussion ResourcesContact UsCOVID-19 InformationDocuHubEducation Foundation (TVEF)Employee PortalEmployment OpportunitiesEnrollmentLabour UpdatesMandatory Training for Non-EmployeesNewsPlanningPlans and ReportsPolicies and ProceduresPublic InputReturn to LearnRent a School SpaceResearch and AssessmentUnited WayVolunteer