https://www.alberta.ca/privacystatement.aspx
Alberta.ca privacy statement | Alberta.ca
Notifications
COVID-19: Cases are rising in the Edmonton Zone. New public health measures are recommended to help stop the spread in the area. Learn more.
Skip to content
All servicesPublic engagementInitiativesNewsAbout governmentJobs
Search
Popular topics:
K to 12 school re-entry
Post-secondary learning during COVID-19
Halloween during COVID-19
Employment standards
COVID-19 info for Albertans
Home
Government Data, publications and information managementData, statistics and publicationsUsing Alberta.ca
Privacy
Using Alberta.ca
Alberta.ca privacy statement
The Government of Alberta is committed to ensuring your privacy while you visit this site.
Collection of information
All information is collected in compliance with section 33 (c) of the Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy (FOIP) Act.
When you visit this site, our web server automatically collects a limited amount of standard information essential to the operation and evaluation of the site. This information is not used to identify individuals who come to the site, nor is it disclosed to other public bodies or individuals.
The information that's collected identifies the following:
the page from which you arrived
the date and time of your page request
the IP address your computer is using to receive information
the type and version of your browser
the name and size of the file you request
The FOIP Act provides access to information held by public bodies which is not available by other means, and allows individuals to request correction of their own personal information that a public body holds, this is called a FOIP request. The FOIP request form is available through the MyAlberta eServices page. For more information see the Protection of Privacy to locate a FOIP office to determine if the ministry you are interested in has any public records are available.
Personal information
The only information we may use to identify you is the information you give voluntarily. For example, when you sign up for email updates of government announcements, you will be asked to provide your email address.
This personal information is disclosed only to the authorized personnel who use it to process and respond to your request.
While the personal information you send is secure once it reaches the government server, it may not be secure in transit between your computer and ours. For more information about any of the policies described above, please contact:
Director, Digital Communications
Email: internetcomm@gov.ab.ca
Cookies
When you visit a website it may deposit a piece of data, called a web cookie, with the temporary web browser files on your computer.
If you wish, you can change the settings on your web browser to deny cookies, or to warn you when a site is about to deposit cookies on your hard drive.
Government of Alberta websites use cookies to collect anonymous statistical information such as browser type, screen size, traffic patterns and pages visited. This information helps us provide you with better service. We do not store personal information in cookies, nor do we collect personal information from you without your knowledge, as you browse the site.
Cookies from third party applications
This site uses a number of third party products. Read their privacy statements to find out how they track and use your information:
AddThis privacy statement
Crazy Egg privacy statement
Facebook cookie policy
Google Analytics privacy statement
Google AdWords cookie usage
Microsoft privacy policy
Postmedia cookie policy
SiteImprove privacy policy
TruConversion privacy policy
Twitter cookie policy
Security
The Government of Alberta's computer system uses software to monitor unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or damage the service we provide. No attempt is made to identify users or their usage patterns except during law enforcement investigations.
Related
Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy (FOIP)
Quick links
Jobs
Staff directory
Open government
Ministries
Contact us
Social media
About this site
Using Alberta.caDisclaimerPrivacyAccessibility
© 2020 Government of Alberta