http://www.missmaggie.org/terms-of-use/
Home
WAP Free Activities
Teachers
Kids
Bookstore
MBH
Espanol
Teachers
Who we are
Contacts
Terms of use
Privacy policy
Credits
Terms of use
MAGGIE’S EARTH ADVENTURES, LLC. TERMS & CONDITIONS
When using the Maggie.org website, you agree to follow the rules and conditions laid out below. Maggie’s Earth Adventures, LLC reserves the right to change these rules any time, so you should check back here occasionally. The site and its entire contents are the sole property of Maggie’s Earth Adventures, LLC. We reserve the right to withdraw or modify any of the contents of the site or remove it entirely at any time.
USE OF ANY MATERIAL FOUND ON MISSMAGGIE.ORG
Maggie’s Earth Adventures, LLC designed this website for your personal and classroom enjoyment, education, and play. Any material on the Maggie.org website can be used either at home or in the classroom, but you may not sell, post as your own, or distribute for commercial purposes any of the content without the WRITTEN permission of Maggie’s Earth Adventures, LLC.
SUBMISSIONS OF CONTENT
We love to hear from you, but Maggie’s Earth Adventures, LLC cannot accept any submissions, creative ideas or suggestions unless we have specifically asked for them. By sending us anything by e-mail, regular mail, fax, etc., you are giving us permission to re-use it in any way that we want for as long as we want. In essence, anything you send us then belongs to Maggie’s Earth Adventures, LLC, and we do not have to pay you for it.
LIABILITY RELEASE
Maggie’s Earth Adventures, LLC does not in any way promise that the Maggie.org website is free of viruses or problems, and we are not obligated to fix any faulty services or materials. Maggie’s Earth Adventures, LLC will not be held accountable for any ills that come to you or your property when you use the Maggie.org website or CD-ROM. Also, although we provide you with links to other sites, Maggie’s Earth Adventures, LLC will not be held responsible for any content or problems at those linked sites.
USER COMMUNITY RULES
By posting user work, Maggie’s Earth Adventures, LLC does not claim that we share that opinion. The goal of the site is to express differing ideas based on research and theory so that others can form their own opinion. Also, Maggie’s Earth Adventures, LLC attempts to screen all submissions, but is not responsible for any postings submitted by any individual or classroom.
When you send us a submission or ask a question during interviews, it is utterly against the rules to say anything offensive or frightening to others. Also, an action taken by you to submit postings with viruses or anything else that could harm another person’s computer, is considered destructive and strictly against the rules and punishable by legal action.
IF YOU BREAK THE RULES
Maggie’s Earth Adventures, LLC has the right to limit your registered use of the Maggie.org website if you break any of the above rules. We can determine how severe and how long the limitation will be. Also, an intentional destruction to property, including viruses, will be subject to legal action. Any other actions you take to participate in or promote illegal activity are also punishable by legal action. If you have any arguments to the validity or application of these rules, laws in the State of Virginia will apply.
Maggie.org is created and developed by Maggie’s Earth Adventures, LLC from its offices in Middleburg, Virginia, U.S.A. Fever, Ltd. is the webmaster and maintains the site. Claims relating to this site will be governed by the law of the State of Virginia.
Be sure to check out our Privacy Policy regarding use of website and personal information submission. These rules are here to protect the public from harm.
The Maggie’s Earth Adventures CD-ROM contains Macromedia Shockwave™ Player and Macromedia Flash™ Player software by Macromedia, Inc., Copyright © 1995-2000 Macromedia, Inc. All rights reserved. Macromedia, Shockwave, and Flash are trademarks of Macromedia, Inc.
RealPlayer is included under license from RealNetworks, Inc. Copyright 1999. RealNetworks, Inc. Patents pending. All rights reserved.
Donate!
Go to our Donation page for more information.
Have you played Maggie’s Games?
Maggie's Books Teacher's Guide Lights! Camera! Action!: The complete Teacher’s Guide to Maggie’s Earth Adventures’s eco-thriller Lights! Camera! Action! by Kathy Hart Smith. Find the book absolutely FREE at www.missmaggie.org under the... » Maggie's Treasure Trove: Access nearly 1,000 pages of classroom-ready activity sheets from lessons in reading comprehension to math; from quotation marks to science concepts and from Michigan to... »Latest newsEnd of Year Fun
05/26/2018: As the year ends asking your students to write letters to your new class is always a fun and helpful activity. This can serve as... »It's Pi Day
03/14/2018:
Looking for a special Pi Day activity?  Purchase entry into our bookstore and you'll find the following in Maggie's Treasure Trove.
"What Makes 3/14 Special?" -... »Parkland School
02/27/2018: As we continue to mourn the Parkland school shooting tragedy, Maggie’s Earth Adventures salutes the groundswell of brave students who have risen up to fight... »Share this
Pages
#7503 (no title)
Bookstore
Cartoons & more
Contactos
Contacts
Credits
Donate
Emergent Readers
Free Activities
Home
International Literacy Association
La Sala de Profesores
Las Aventuras Terrestres de Maggie
Maggie’s Big Home
Maggie’s Big Home Special Downloads
Maggie’s Games
Paquete Semanal
Privacy policy
Sign up
Teachers
Terms of use
WAP Archive
Who we are
©2020 Maggie's Earth Adventures