https://www.makeitsolar.com/privacy.htm
Home
>
Make it Solar Privacy Policy
Make it Solar Privacy Policy
MakeItSolar.com ("The Company") is designed for children including those under age 13. The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) has specific guidelines for website owners to follow in management of information provided by children under the age of 13. It is the intent of The Company to comply with those guidelines. You can view government information regarding this policy, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) at https://www.ftc.gov/tips-advice/business-center/guidance/complying-coppa-frequently-asked-questions.
If you have any comments for us regarding this privacy statement please complete the form at Contact Us.
Children's Privacy Policy
This is the Website of Make It Solar.
We can be reached via the contact form at Contact Us.
Our telephone number is 508-231-1331.
Information Collected
We respect the privacy of children. With respect to our online information collection practices from children under 13 years of age, we do not collect personally identifiable information.
With respect to the collection by other organizations of personal information from children at our site, our policy is, we do not have any agreements with outside organizations to collect personal information at our site.
Use and Sharing of Information
The information we receive from children is used for fulfillment of a requested transaction only. (e.g. to answer a question via email)
(See our Additional Statement of Privacy below.)
With respect to sharing information, we do not share children’s personal information with anyone.
Parental Review
Parents can review the information that we have collected from their children online, prevent the further use or maintenance of such information, or direct the deletion of their children’s personal information by:
Completing the contact form at Contact Us
Calling us at the above phone number
Additional Statement of Privacy
In short, The Company recognizes the importance of online privacy and does not collect or store personally identifiable information of children under the age of 13. However, although we do not collect information we do receive information from visitors to makeitsolar.com and the following additional statement of privacy discloses what information we receive and how we use it.
In general, we receive two types of information from users:
Personal Information and,
Aggregated Information
1. Personal Information in the form of return email addresses when a user sends electronic correspondence to us requesting specific information or to make a comment. If we have no means of verifying the senders age we manage this information as if the sender is under 13. Therefore, we will respond to the sender on a one-time basis in reply to the specific request of that email. In accordance with COPPA, (https://www.ftc.gov/tips-advice/business-center/guidance/complying-coppa-frequently-asked-questions), any personally identifiable information from these types of requests, such as an email address, will not be maintained by The Company in any retrievable form. If it is necessary for us to retain email information for any purposes we will do so only after stripping it of any personally identifiable information.
2. Aggregated Information about users as a whole. The Company receives certain types of information about general activity at MakeItSolar.com. This does not include personal identifying information, but does include how many times MakeItSolar.com is visited, what pages or search terms are requested, what domain names (e.g. "aol.com") visitors are coming from and the date and time of each visit. The Company gathers and compiles this information into an aggregate form for statistical analysis and reporting. These reports track website activity overall rather than on an individual level and do not include personally identifiable information.
Because aggregated information does not include personal identifying information, it cannot be used to identify you. We may disclose aggregated data to third parties, such as advertisers, or include it in public records.
Use and Sharing of Information
The personal information you voluntarily provide is used to satisfy your request (e.g. reply to an email). The Company does not sell, trade, or rent your personal information, or disclose personal information except: 1) When the purpose and manner of the disclosure has been disclosed to you prior to you providing the information, or 2) When disclosure is required by law.
Cookies
A cookie is a small data file that websites commonly write to your hard drive when you visit them. A cookie file contains information that can identify you anonymously in order to track traffic patterns and add functionality to the website. Cookies don't identify you personally, but rather identify your computer when you visit our site. A cookie can't read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. Your browser can be set to warn you before accepting cookies. In this case, you will receive the warning message with each cookie. You may choose to refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser. You do not need to have cookies turned on to use MakeItSolar.com.
Links
Our Web pages contain links to other Websites. Other Websites contain links to our Web pages. The Company is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other Websites. Websites maintained by third parties may collect information and use it in a way inconsistent with this privacy statement. We encourage our users to be aware when they enter or leave our Website and to read the privacy statements of each Website they visit. Websites maintained by third parties may also refer to products, processes or services of The Company; unless we have provided explicit authority, such references in no way indicate our endorsement, recommendation or preference.
Consent
By using MakeItSolar.com, you consent to the collection and use of information by The Company as described in their privacy statement.
Your California Privacy Rights
Under California Civil Code Section 1798.83, residents of California may request certain information from a website operator regarding the disclosure of their personal information during the prior calendar year to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. The Company does not retain or share personal information from visitors to Makeitsolar.com.
If you are a California resident under the age of 18, and a user of any site where this policy is posted, California Business and Professions Code Section 22581 permits you to request and obtain removal of content or information you have publicly posted. To make such a request, please complete the form at Contact Us. Please be aware that such a request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information you have posted and that there may be circumstances in which the law does not require or allow removal even if requested.
Policy Changes
If we update our privacy policy, we will update this page in a timely manner so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
If you have any comments for us regarding this privacy statement please complete the form at Contact Us.
This page was last updated on February 10, 2017.