http://www.narutohq.com/privacy-policy.php
Naruto Shippuden
Privacy Policy for Naruto HQ
If you require any more information or have any questions regarding our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by email at contact [at] narutohq.com and we will try to get back to you as soon as possible.
At Naruto HQ, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy page outlines the types of personal information is received and collected by Naruto HQ and how it is used.
Log Files
Like many other Web sites, Naruto HQ makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Where necessary, Naruto HQ uses cookies to store information about visitors preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user access or visit, customize Web page content based on visitors browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.
DoubleClick DART Cookie
- Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on Naruto HQ.
- Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to Naruto HQ and other sites on the Internet.
- Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL: http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/ads/.
Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include:
Google Adsense
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on Naruto HQ send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see.
Naruto HQ has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. Naruto HQ's privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers' respective websites.
Naruto Information
Masashi Kishimoto
Naruto Anime TV GuideNaruto Anime TV Schedule
Naruto Episode List
Naruto Shippuden Episode List
Naruto Shippuden Filler List
Naruto Voice Actors
TV Tokyo
Naruto Bloodline Guide
Naruto Character Guides
Naruto Demons Guide
Naruto Game Guide
Naruto Jutsu Guide
Naruto General GuideNaruto Chakra Guide
Naruto Countries
Naruto Food Guide
Naruto Quotes
Naruto Movie Guide
Naruto Music Lyrics
Naruto Ninja GuideNaruto Chuunin Exams
Naruto Mission Ranks
Naruto Shinobi Ranks
Naruto Weapons
Naruto Media
Naruto Flash Movies
Naruto Ninja Font
Naruto Sprite Sheets
Naruto Emoticons & Smilies
About NarutoHQ.com | Privacy PolicyCopyright © 2005-2015 NarutoHQ.com. Naruto was created by Masashi Kishimoto, and published by Shueisha Inc.
NarutoHQ.com is not endorsed, associated or affiliated with Shueisha Inc. or Masashi Kishimoto, in any way.
Minecraft Guides
| Minecraft Seeds | Crossing Void Global | AFK Arena