http://www.computerhistory.org/terms/
Terms of Use
The mission of the Computer History Museum is to decode technology—its computing past, digital present, and future impact on humanity. The Computer History Museum (CHM) has created and maintains this Web site in support of its mission. Access to and use of this Web site and its contents are subject to the following terms and conditions and all applicable laws. BY ACCESSING AND BROWSING THIS WEB SITE, YOU FULLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND ACCEPT THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS. CHM may at any time revise these terms and conditions. If we do change the terms and conditions, we will so note those changes on this page. You are solely responsible for being in compliance with the then-current terms and conditions.
Copyright
No images or content in any form from this site may, in any manner or by any means, be used for commercial purposes without written permission from the Computer History Museum.
Please contact CHM for copyright and licensing information at research@computerhistory.org. Thank you for respecting the rights of the Computer History Museum and other copyright holders.
Copyright Infringement Claims
CHM may, in appropriate circumstances and at its discretion, remove certain content or disable access to content that appears to infringe the copyright or other intellectual property rights of others.
If you believe that your copyright has been violated by material available through CHM, please provide the CHM Copyright Agent with the following information:
Identification of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed;
An exact description of where the material about which you complain is located within the CHM collections;
Your address, telephone number, and email address;
A statement by you that you have a good-faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the owner of the copyright interest involved or are authorized to act on behalf of that owner;
Your electronic or physical signature.
The CHM Copyright Agent can be reached as follows:
Copyright Agent
Computer History Museum
1401 N. Shoreline Blvd.
Mountain View, CA 94043
Fax: 650-810-1055
650-810-1010
webmaster@computerhistory.org
Trademarks
The trademarks, trade names, logos and service marks (“Trademarks”) displayed on this Web site, including “Computer History Museum”, “CHM” and all forms of our logo are Trademarks of the Computer History Museum (CHM). The Trademarks of third parties may also be displayed on the web site and are the property of their respective owners. Nothing contained in this web site grants, by implication or otherwise, any right or license to use any Trademark displayed on the web site without written permission of CHM or any third party owner of the Trademark. The misuse of the Trademarks displayed on the web site, including alteration or use out of context, is strictly prohibited. The Computer History Museum hereby disclaims all responsibility for any and all claims arising from the misuse, misappropriation, or misrepresentation by others of the Trademarks found on this site.
Links
This Web site may contain links to third party web sites. The Computer History Museum (CHM) is not responsible for any content of any linked web site. CHM provides these links on our web site as a convenience only, and a link does not imply endorsement, sponsorship, or any specific affiliation with the linked web site.
Privacy
Your privacy is important to Computer History Museum (CHM). All information gathered from you in connection with your use of this web site will be governed by the provisions of the Computer History Museum Privacy Policy. For more information, see the complete CHM Privacy Policy.
Disclaimer
The Computer History Museum (CHM) is under no obligation to monitor this web site and assumes no responsibility or liability arising from the content nor for any error, defamation, libel, slander, omission, falsehood, obscenity, pornography, profanity, danger, or inaccuracy contained in any information within the web site. Users are prohibited from posting or transmitting any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic, or profane material or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any law. CHM will fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing CHM to disclose the identity of anyone posting any such information or materials.
Disclaimer of Warranties
This web site is provided to you “as is” and “as available” with no warranty. To the maximum extent permitted by law, the Computer History Museum (CHM) disclaims all warranties or conditions of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, the implied condition of satisfactory quality and implied warranties arising from course of dealing or course of performance. CHM does not warrant, or make any representations that: (a) the web site will meet your requirements; (b) the web site will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error free; (c) the results or information that may be obtained from use of the web site will be accurate or reliable; or (d) the CHM web site or material accessible through the Web site is free of viruses or other harmful components. You acknowledge that if you rely on any information or content on our web site, you do so solely at your own risk. Some states and other jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties, so the above exclusions may not apply to you in whole or in part.
Limitation of Liability
You expressly understand that in no event will the Computer History Museum (CHM) or its officers, directors, parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, licensors, or suppliers be liable for any direct, indirect, consequential, incidental, special, exemplary, or punitive damages, including, but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data, or other intangible loss, whether in an action under contract, tort (including negligence) or otherwise, arising out of or relating to: (a) your use or inability to use the web site; (b) your reliance on or use of any content on the web site. Some states and other jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for incidental or consequential damages, so some of the above limitations may not apply to you.
Payment
You may apply for CHM membership, make a donation, purchase tickets to CHM events, or undertake other monetary transactions (collectively, “Transactions”) through the Website. Before you undertake any Transaction through the Website, you will have an opportunity to review and accept the sum that you will be charged. All sums are in U.S. dollars and are nonrefundable. CHM will charge the payment method you specify at the time of Transaction. You authorize CHM to charge all sums as described in these Terms to that payment method. If you pay any sums with a credit card, CHM may seek pre-authorization of your credit card account prior to your Transaction to verify that the credit card is valid and has the necessary funds or credit available to cover your Transaction.
Jurisdiction
These terms and conditions are governed by the laws of the State of California. Each party hereby irrevocably consents to exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in Santa Clara County, California.
Miscellaneous
These terms and conditions express the complete understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous communications and agreements, written or oral, regarding this web site. If any provision of this Agreement or portion thereof is held invalid or unenforceable, such provision or portion thereof shall be deemed severed, and the remainder of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. The failure by the Computer History Museum (CHM) to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of the Terms of Use by you or others will not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right of CHM. You may not assign or transfer these Terms of Use or any rights hereunder, and any attempt to the contrary is void. The Terms of Use will inure to the benefit of CHM and its successors and assigns. Section headings used in this document are for convenience only and do not have any legal effect.
Share