https://www.australiazoo.com.au/policies/
Search for:
Buy Tickets
Annual Passes
Shop Online
Experiences
Animal Encounters
Zoo Keeper for a Day
Exhibits
Conservation Shows
Wildlife Photos
Tours
Expeditions
Gift Ideas
Wildlife
Our Animals
Zoo Flora
Top 10 Highlights
Visit Us
Tickets
Annual Pass
Zoo Map
Event Calendar
How to Get Here
Plan Your Day
Where to Eat
Where to Shop
Where to Stay
How to Prepare
Services and Facilities
Birthday Club
Chinese Information
About Us
The Irwin Family
History
Awards
Our Mission
Community Partners
Our Sponsors
Employment
Media Resources / Enquiry
Crikey Magazine
Crikey Magazine Photography Competition
Crikey! Club
FAQs
Contact Us
Support Wildlife
Adopt An Animal
Petition
Wildlife Rescue
Crocodile Conservation
Crocodile Tracking
Conservation Programs
Elephant Conservation
Conservation Properties
Conservation Projects
You Can Make a Difference
Volunteering
Get Involved
Fundraising
Wildlife Warriors
Steve Irwin Gala Dinner
Weddings & Functions
Weddings
Corporate Functions
Naming Ceremony
Education
Kindy
Primary
Secondary
Tertiary
International
Search for:
Buy Tickets
Annual Passes
Shop Online
Open Daily 9.00am - 5.00pm
Bedtime for some of our animals is 4:30pm.
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Disclaimer
Copyright
Site Content
Amendments
Australia Zoo Auctions
Please read the following terms and conditions closely before using the Australia Zoo/Crocodile Hunter site. By accessing, browsing, and using this site, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to comply with these Terms & Conditions.
Copyright
Permission is granted to electronically copy and print in hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of navigating through the site or using it as a personal resource. Any other use of materials on this site, including reproduction for purposes other than those noted above, such as the modification, distribution or republication, without the prior written consent of Australia Zoo/Crocodile Hunter is prohibited.
Site Content
Australia Zoo/Crocodile Hunter provide this site content “as is” and without warranties of any kind, either expressed or implied, to the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law. Australia Zoo/Crocodile Hunter does not warrant the functions contained in this site or its content will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that the site or its server are free of viruses or other harmful components.
Australia Zoo/Crocodile Hunter makes reasonable efforts to place accurate, current content on this site. However, Australia Zoo/Crocodile Hunter makes no warranties or representations as to its accuracy and assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the site content.
Actions taken by the Crocodile Hunter and Australia Zoo staff described herein are relayed for entertainment purposes only and should not be undertaken without the supervision of qualified professionals. Australia Zoo accepts no liability nor do they encourage you to try any of the activities or actions discussed on this website. Readers should not act upon this information without seeking independent and/or alternative advice prior to making any decisions.
Amendments
Australia Zoo/Crocodile Hunter may at any time amend these terms and conditions. Your continued use of this site is conditioned on the terms and conditions stated at the time of your use. You should visit this page prior to using this site to determine the current terms and conditions to which you are bound.
Australia Zoo Auctions
Bidding
All registered bidders must
be at least 18 years old
always provide valid and complete contact information
provide a valid email address
bid with serious intention of buying
commit to the purchase if the highest bidder at the auction end
Contacting us about our Privacy Policy and Practices
For details information on our Privacy Policy please view the Australia Zoo Privacy Policy
Ready to plan your adventure?
Visit the Zoo