https://www.webjam.com/privacypolicy
Webjam - privacypolicy
Sign In
Terms and ConditionsPrivacy Policy
The (very) Short Version
WEBJAM Privacy Policy We will treat your information as confidential unless you allow us to release (some of) itWe will never sell it. No Spam, ever
Privacy Policy
Webjam Privacy PolicyUpdated May 25, 2020
At Webjam we value your privacy. This Privacy Policy covers our collection, use and disclosure of information we collect through our website, www.webjam.com and any subdomains (collectively called 'The Website').
User Data
We respect the privacy of our website visitors and the privacy of their data. All user information contained within the electronic communications, attached documents, forms, newsletters, surveys and documents you may receive from us, although we have rights to use the data storage and databases, you retain all rights to your data. All user data uploaded to The Website is stored in a secure location. We will not utilise, sell, or rent your data uploaded onto The Website.
Data Collection
We collect the email addresses and certain personally identifiable information of those who communicate with us via email or register with us. We also collect certain information regarding which pages users access or visit, and information volunteered by the users (such as any surveys we might conduct and/or site registrations).
We may also collect and analyse from visitors and users certain information regarding the use of The Website and services available therein. Information collected may include, but is not limited to, The Website traffic volume, frequency of visits, type and time of transactions, type of browser and operating system, etc.
We may provide your personal information to companies that provide services to help us with our business activities, such as Live Chat or payment processing. These companies are authorised to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
We will share your personal information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy policy.
Use of Information
We may use personal information to provide the services you've requested, including services that display customised emails, newsletters, forms, documents, and reports. We may also use personal information for auditing, research and analysis to operate and improve The Website. We may use third parties to assist us in processing your personal information, and we require that such third parties comply with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. We may use certain other information collected from you to help diagnose technical problems, administer The Website, and improve the quality and types of services delivered. We may provide non-identifying and aggregate usage and volume statistical information derived from the actions of our visitors to third parties in order to demonstrate the value we deliver to users.
The information we collect is not shared with or sold to other organisations for commercial purposes, except to provide products or services you've requested, when we have your permission, or under the following circumstances:
As required by law, such as to comply with a legal process
When we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request
To investigate potential violations of the Web Legal Notice
To investigate potential violations of our Terms and Conditions
To any other third party with your prior consent to do so
If Webjam Mark 2 Ltd is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Website of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
Links to Other Websites
The Website includes links to other websites whose privacy practices may differ from those of Webjam Mark 2 Ltd. If you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their Privacy Policies. We encourage you to carefully read the Privacy Policy of any website you visit.
Marketing Communications
You can register to receive our regular marketing emails through any form on our website. Simply tick the consent box before you submit the form. We may also verbally ask your consent at the point of sale, in which case we will add your verbal consent to our CRM.
You may choose to stop receiving our marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in our emails or you can contact us at privacy@webjam.com
Cookies
Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient. The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission.
Privacy Statement:  How we use Cookies
Cookies are very small text files that are stored on your computer when you visit some websites.  We use cookies to help identify your computer so we can tailor your user experience, and track the services you are interested in.
You can disable any cookies already stored on your computer, but these may stop our website from functioning properly.
The following are not Strictly Necessary, but are required to provide you with the best user experience and also to tell us which pages you find most interesting (anonymously).
Functional Cookies
This website will track the pages you visit via Google Analytics, Google AdWords & Remarketing, Act-On and Twitter Advertising
Targeting Cookies
This Website Will:
Allow you to share pages with social networks such as Facebook, LinkedIn, Google+1, MySpace and Pinterest (If available)
Allow you to share pages via Add This (If available)
To view the ‘Add This’ Privacy Policy or to opt out of any online behavioural advertising, please visit Add This and click on the ‘Opt Out’ button.
This website will not Share any personal information with third parties.
Third Party Cookies
The use of cookies by third parties is not covered by our Privacy Policy. We do not have access or control over these cookies.
Public Forums
The Website offers publicly accessible blogs or community forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, contact us at privacy@webjam.com. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
Testimonials
With your consent, we may post your testimonial along with your name. If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us at privacy@webjam.com.
Social Media (Features) and Widgets
Our Website includes social media features, such as the Facebook Like button [and Widgets, such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site]. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on The Website. Your interactions with these features are governed by the Privacy Policy of the company providing it.
Security
We have implemented processes intended to protect user information and maintain security of data. The services providers to The Website have attempted to protect their servers by integrating those areas with security procedures, using firewalls and implementing other generally available security technologies. These safeguards help prevent unauthorised access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of data, but NO GUARANTEE CAN BE MADE THAT YOUR INFORMATION AND DATA WILL BE SECURE FROM INTRUSIONS AND UNAUTHORISED RELEASE TO THIRD PARTIES.
When you enter sensitive information (such as login credentials), we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). We follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on The Website, you can contact us at privacy@webjam.com.
Accessing and Updating Personal Information
When you use The Website we make every effort to provide you with access to your personal information and either to correct this data if it is inaccurate or to delete such data at your request if it is not otherwise required to be retained by law or for legitimate business purposes. When requests come to us with regard to personal information, we ask individual users to identify themselves and the information requested to be accessed, corrected or removed before processing such requests, and we may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic, require disproportionate technical effort, jeopardise the privacy of others, or would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backup tapes), or for which access is not otherwise required. In any case where we provide information access and correction, we perform this service free of charge, except if doing so would require a disproportionate effort.
Your rights
Right of access - You have the right to obtain confirmation that your data is being processed and request access to your personal data. You can make a request by email to privacy@webjam.com, or in writing to:
Webjam Mark 2 Ltd  Global House, 1 Ashley Avenue Epsom, Surrey
KT18 5AD
In the first instance we will provide a copy of the information free of charge. However, we may charge an administration fee when a request is manifestly unfounded or excessive or to comply with requests for further copies of the same information although this does not mean that we will charge for all subsequent access requests.
We will without delay and within 1 month of your request (subject to extensions in some cases):
confirm what personal data we hold about you
provide a copy of the data in commonly used electronic format if the request is made electronically
provide any supporting explanatory materials
We can extend the time to respond by a further two months where requests are complex or numerous. If this is the case, we will inform you of this within one month of the receipt of the request and explain why the extension is necessary.
Data portability – in addition to your access right you can require us to provide a copy of your information that we hold in a commonly used machine-readable format.
Rights of Rectification and Erasure (the right to be forgotten) You may ask us to correct or remove information you think is inaccurate or no longer necessary. Please email privacy@webjam.com
Changes to this Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the email address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Website prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
2020 © Webjam Mark 2 Ltd.
Loading …
Upgrade