https://www.chelmsfordscouts.org.uk/privacy-policy
x
Search...
Menu
Home
#FitTheScarf
News
View Articles
Submit a Story
Events
About
Charity Information
District Team
Our Campsite
Scout Shop
Youth Programme
Join
DofE
Young Leaders
Gang Show
Our Campsite
Shop
Contact
Members
Login
Email Subscriptions
Compass
Facebook Group
Coronavirus
Join
Essex County Website
Privacy Policy
National Website
Guidance and support around Coronavirus
Find out more
Privacy Policy
Home > Privacy Policy
1. What is this privacy notice/policy?
This Data Privacy Notice/Policy describes the categories of personal data Chelmsford District Scout Council process and for what purposes. Chelmsford District Scout Council are committed to collecting and using such data fairly and in accordance with the requirements of the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR), the regulations set by the European Union, and Data Protection Act 2018 (DPA 2018), the UK law that encompasses the GDPR.
This Privacy Notice/Policy applies to members, parents/guardians of youth members, volunteers, employees, contractors, suppliers, supporters, donors and members of the public who will make contact with Chelmsford District Scout Council.
2. Who we are
Chelmsford District Scout Council are a registered charity with the Charity Commission for England & Wales; charity number 302033. The Data Controller for Chelmsford District Scout Council is the Executive Committee who are appointed at an Annual General Meeting and are Charity Trustees. The Chair of the Charity Trustees is Roger Cole; chair@chelmsfordscouts.org.uk.
From this point on Chelmsford District Scout Council will be referred to as “we”. Being a small charity, we are not required to appoint a Data Protection Officer.
3. The data we may process
The majority of the personal information we hold, is provided to us directly by you or by the parents or legal guardians of youth members verbally or in paper form, digital form or via our online membership system Compass. In the case of adult members and volunteers, data may also be provided by third parties, such as the England & Wales – Disclosure and Baring Service (DBS).
Where a member is under the age of 18, this information will only be obtained from a parent or guardian and cannot be provided by the young person.
We may collect the following personal information:
Personal contact details such as name, title, address, telephone numbers and personal emailaddress – so that we can contact you.
Date of birth – so that we can ensure young people are allocated to the appropriate Sectionfor their age and that adults are old enough to take on an appointment with Scouting.
Gender – so that we can address individuals correctly and accommodate for any specificneeds.
Emergency contact information – so that we are able to contact someone in the event of anemergency.
Government identification numbers e.g. national insurance, driving licence, passport – to beable to process volunteer criminal record checks.
Bank account details, payroll information and tax status information – so that we can collect gift aid from HMRC where donations are made.
Training records – so that members can track their progression through the Scout programme or adult training scheme.
Race or ethnic origin – so that we can make suitable arrangements based on members cultural needs.
Health records – so that we can make suitable arrangements based on members medical needs.
Criminal records checks – to ensure Scouting is a safe space for young people and adults.
4. The lawful basis we process your data by
We comply with our obligations under the GDPR and DPA 2018 by keeping personal data up to date; by storing and destroying it securely; by not collecting or retaining excessive amounts of data; by protecting personal data from loss, misuse, unauthorised access and disclosure and by ensuring that appropriate technical measures are in place to protect personal data.
In most cases the lawful basis for processing will be through the performance of a contract for personal data of our adult volunteers and legitimate interest for personal data of our youth members. Sensitive (special category) data for both adult volunteers and our youth members will mostly align to the lawful basis of legitimate activities of an association. Explicit consent is requested from parents/guardians to take photographs of our members. On occasion, we may use legitimate interest to process photographs where it is not practical to gather and maintain consent such as large-scale events. On such occasions, we will make it clear that this activity will take place and give individuals the opportunity to exercise their data subject rights.
We use personal data for the following purposes:
to provide information about Scout meetings, activities, training courses and events to our members, potential members and other volunteers in Chelmsford District Scout Council.
to provide a voluntary service for the benefit of the public in a particular geographical area as specified in our constitution
to administer membership records
to fundraise and promote the interests of Scouting
to manage our volunteers
to maintain our own accounts and records (including the processing of gift aid applications)
to inform you of news, events, activities and services being run or attended by Chelmsford District Scout Council.
to ensure and evidence your suitability if volunteering for a role in Scouting
to contact your next of kin in the event of an emergency
to ensure you have and maintain the correct qualifications and skills.We use personal sensitive (special) data for the following purposes:
for the protection of a person’s health and safety whilst in the care of Chelmsford District Scout Council.
to respect a person’s religious beliefs with regards to activities, food and holidays for equal opportunity monitoring and reporting.
5. Our retention periods
We will keep certain types of information for different periods of time in line with our retention policy. The Scout Association’s Data Protection Policy can be found here and the Data Privacy Notice here.
6. Sharing your information
Young people and other data subjects
We will normally only share personal information with adult volunteers holding an appointment in the Chelmsford District Scout Council.
We will share the personal data of youth members and their parents/guardians with The Scout Association Headquarters for the purpose of managing safeguarding cases. The privacy and security notice for The Scout Association can be found here: https://www.scouts.org.uk/DPPolicy. The sharing of this data may be via the Online Scout Manager (OSM) platform which is used by Chelmsford District Scout Council to manage youth membership. The privacy and security notice for OSM can be found here: https://www.onlinescoutmanager.co.uk/security.html.
Adult volunteers
We will normally only share personal information with adult volunteers holding appropriate appointments within the line management structure of The Scout Association for the Chelmsford District Scout Council as well as with The Scout Association Headquarters as data controllers in common.
All data subjects
We will however share your personal information with others outside of Chelmsford District Scout Council where we need to meet a legal obligation. This may include The Scout Association and its insurance subsidiary (Unity Insurance Services), local authority services and law enforcement. We will only share your personal information to the extent needed for those purposes.
We will only share your data with third parties outside of the organisation where there is a legitimate reason to do so.
We will never sell your personal information to any third party.
Sometimes we may nominate a member for national awards, (such as Scouting awards or Duke of Edinburgh awards) such nominations would require us to provide contact details to that organisation.
Where personal data is shared with third parties we will seek assurances that your personal data will be kept confidential and that the third party fully complies with the GDPR and DPA 2018.
7. How we store your personal data
We generally store personal information in the following ways:
Compass – is the online membership system of The Scout Association, this system is used for the collection and storage of adult volunteer personal data.
Online Scout Manager – is the online membership system of Online Youth Manager, this system is used for the collection and storage of youth member personal data.
In addition, adult volunteers will hold some personal data on local spreadsheets/databases.
Printed records and data held while attending events – paper is sometimes used to capture and retain some data for example:
Gift Aid administration
Event registration
Health and contact records forms (for events)
Events coordination with event organisersPaper records for events are sometimes used rather than relying on secure digital systems, as often the events are held where internet and digital access will not be available. We will minimise the use of paper to only what is required for the event.
8. Further Processing
If we wish to use your personal data for a new purpose, not covered by this Data Protection Notice, then we will provide you with a new notice explaining this new use prior to commencing the processing and setting out the relevant purposes and processing conditions. Where and whenever necessary, we will seek your prior consent to the new processing.
9. How we provide this privacy policy
A link to this website page is provided to those whose data is being processed by us. A printed version is also available on request.
10.Your Rights
As a Data Subject, you have the right to object to how we process your personal information. You also have the right to access, correct, sometimes delete and restrict the personal information we use. In addition, you have a right to complain to us and to the Information Commissioner’s Office (www.ico.org.uk).
Unless subject to an exemption under the GDPR and DPA 2018, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data:
The right to be informed – you have a right to know how your data will be used by us.
The right to access your personal data – you can ask us to share with you the data we haveabout you. This is a Data Subject Access Request.
The right to rectification – this just means you can update your data if it’s inaccurate or ifsomething is missing. Adult members will be able to edit and update some informationdirectly on The Scout Association’s Compass membership system.
The right to erasure – this means that you have the right to request that we delete anypersonal data we have about you. There are some exceptions, for example, someinformation will be held by The Scout Association for legal reasons.
The right to restrict processing – if you think that we are not processing your data in linewith this privacy notice then you have the right to restrict any further use of that data until the issue is resolved.
The right to data portability – this means that if you ask us we will have to share your data with you in a way that can be read digitally – such as a pdf. This makes it easier to share information with others.
The right to object – you can object to the ways your data is being used.
Rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling – this protects you in cases where decision are being made about you based entirely on automated processes rather than a human input, it’s highly unlikely that this will be used by us.
11.Website Cookies
Forms related cookies
When you submit data through a form such as those found on our contact pages or comment forms, cookies may be set to remember you your user details for future correspondence.
Third Party Cookies
In some special cases, we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties. The following section details which third party cookies you might encounter through this site.
This site uses Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solution on the web for helping us to understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content.
For more information on Google Analytics cookies, see the official Google Privacy information page.
12.Who to contact
If you have any queries relating to this Privacy Notice or our use of your personal data, please contact us.
13.Version number and date of last review
Version 2 – 8th July 2020
Pending approval by Chelmsford District Scout Council Executive Committee.
Next review due: 7th July 2021
Join Scouts today
Aged 6+? Join Scouting today in just a few clicks. Start here.
Join now
Latest news
4th Nov 2020
Red readiness level
Read more
‘Put your phone down and what are you left with? Just teamwork, courage and the skills to succeed.’
Bear Grylls, Chief Scout