http://www.care-givers.com/pages/privacy.html
search engine by freefind
Home
Messageboards/Forums
Experts
Caregiving Articles
Journal Exercises
Spotlight
Healing Circle of Prayer
Inspiration
Elderly
Humor
Alternative Healing
Suggested Readings
Resources
Newsletter
Subscribe to Newsletter
About Us
Our Mission
Evolution of EC
Testimonials
Contact Us
Privacy Disclaimer
Because Empowering CaregiversTM is aware of your concern for privacy and to demonstrate our dedicated committment to your protection, we have created this statment regarding confidentiality to all who visit or participate in our web site at http://www.care-givers.com.
Empowering CaregiversTM is extremely protective of your privacy, and at no time do we provide any personal information to advertisers, surveys or any other marketing practice. We do not seek any type of credit information nor do we provide your identifiable information to any third party.
We are totally committed in our quest to ease your fears regarding your privacy, and you have our assurance that all data relating to individual caregivers, patients and/or visitors to this web site is kept within the boundaries of Empowering CaregiversTM . We do caution, however, that any information posted on message boards which are easily accessible to all Internet users is regarded as public information and is not protected under the domain of Empowering CaregiversTM . We encourage those who post on our Message Boards / Forums to be aware of its availability prior to entering their messages.
Empowering CaregiversTM does provide many links to other web sites and takes no responsibility for the privacy practices of said sites.
Disclaimer: Views expressed in the Empowering CaregiversTM Support Group chats here at the Site, At the AllHealth / Ivillage Chats on AOL and in other areas as a guest host on the Internet, in our newsletters, postings at our forums and boards are the responsibility of the members involved.
Empowering CaregiversTM our moderators, our volunteers and our hosts do not endorse or censure any opinions, ideas, or information providing it does not violate the Empowering CaregiversTM Guidelines.
Please talk with your doctor before discontinuing any treatment protocol or seeking new alternative forms of treatment.. All information supplied is to make you available to choices you have.
The Empowering Caregivers Site and the Empowering Caregivers newsletter contains views, opinions, statements, and recommendations of third party individuals, writers, advertisers and organizations. Empowering Caregivers/www.care-givers.com does not represent or endorse the views, accuracy or reliability of any advice, opinion, statement, product or service displayed or distributed on this web site. You acknowledge that any reliance upon such opinion, advice, statement or information shall be at your sole risk. The information provided by Empowering Caregivers/www.care-givers.com is for educational purposes only and should not be treated as medical advice. Nothing contained on Empowering Caregivers/www.care-givers.com is intended to be for medical diagnosis or treatment or a substitute for consultation with a qualified healthcare professional. In no event will Empowering Caregivers/www.care-givers.com, its affiliates, partners, agents, or contractors be liable to you for any damages or losses resulting from or caused by Empowering Caregivers/www.care-givers.com and its services, including use of the community message boards and chat rooms, free email, free web pages, content (including articles, stories, news) or any errors or omissions in its content, even if advised of the possibility of such damages.
Copyright Information
All users need to read this carefully prior to accessing this web site.
No part of this site may be duplicated in any manner for any purpose. This includes text, images, graphics, journal exercises, or any other material as pertains to Empowering CaregiversTM.
Other than downloading for personal use on a noncommercial basis, this material may not be used for any purpose whatsoever without the written consent of Empowering CaregiversTM. All trademarks, copyrights, titles and interests are vested totally to Empowering CaregiversTM.
In addition, all links are independent of Empowering CaregiversTM and are not warranted for accuracy. All data contained on this site is provided for information only, and Empowering CaregiversTM provides no claim that said information is totally accurate. At no time and under no circumstances will Empowering Caregivers be liable for damages of any kind, including but not limited to any type of computer malfunction.
EMPOWERING CAREGIVERStm is trademarked. All Information on this website is owned by Gail R. Mitchell. This includes but is not limited to the journal exercises, Newsletters and original articles, etc. Permission must be obtained from Gail R. Mitchell for any external use of this materiall © by G.R. Mitchell
EMPOWERING CAREGIVERS™ is trademarked. All Information on this website is owned by Gail R. Mitchell. This includes but is not limited to the journal exercises, Newsletters and original articles, etc. Permission must be obtained from Gail R. Mitchell for any external use of this material.
© Copyright Gail.R. Mitchell. All rights reserved.