https://www.csmonitor.com/World/Making-a-difference/Change-Agent/2015/1022/New-ways-to-help-Hong-Kong-s-human-trafficking-victims
Skip to main content
Skip to main menu
Skip to search
Skip to footer
This website uses cookies to
improve functionality and performance. By continuing to browse the site
you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
Close
Search for:
Subscribe: $11 / Month
Subscribe to the Monitor
Give the Monitor
Manage subscription
Subscription
Manage subscription
Give the Monitor
Monitor Daily Current Issue
Complete coronavirus coverage
Home
World
All World
Africa
Americas
Asia Pacific
Asia: South & Central
Europe
Middle East
Coronavirus response
Progress Watch
Navigating Uncertainty
People Making a Difference
Global Voices
USA
All USA
Politics
Monitor Breakfast
Politics Watch
Foreign Policy
Military
Justice
Education
Education Watch
Society
Commentary
All Commentary
The Monitor's View
Readers Respond
From the Editor
Global Newsstand
A Christian Science Perspective
Economy
Science & Nature
Science
Science Notebook
Environment
Technology
Culture
All Culture
Arts
Music
Movies
Monitor Movie Guide
TV
In a Word
The Home Forum
Culture Cafe
Family
Food
Recipe Categories
Books
All Books
Book Reviews
Author Q&As
Readers' Recommendations
Podcasts
Monitor Daily
Perception Gaps
Rethinking the News
Photos of the Week
Monitor Weekly PDF
About Us
Your Account
Log in
Log out
Manage subscription
Change password
Change email
Your subscriptions
Contact customer service
Support the Monitor
Subscribe
Give a gift subscription
Give a gift subscription
Support Monitor journalism
Free offers
Sign up for Monitor newsletters
One month free trial to the Monitor Daily
Get news that uplifts and empowers
See our other FREE newsletters.
By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy.
Select free newsletters:
The Weekender
A selection of the most viewed stories this week on the Monitor's website.
Every Saturday
Announcements
Hear about special editorial projects, new product information, and upcoming events.
Occasional
Politics
An update on major political events, candidates, and parties twice a week.
Twice a Week
Science & Nature
Stay informed about the latest scientific discoveries & breakthroughs.
Every Tuesday
Commentary
A weekly digest of Monitor views and insightful commentary on major events.
Every Thursday
Books
Latest book reviews, author interviews, and reading trends.
Every Friday
Culture & Learning
A weekly update on music, movies, cultural trends, and education solutions.
Every Thursday
Christian Science Perspective
The five most recent Christian Science articles with a spiritual perspective.
Every Monday
Close
×
New ways to help Hong Kong's human trafficking victims
Hong Kong is a hotbed of sex trafficking and forced labor but it narrowly defines what trafficking is. Now Liberty Asia is creatively applying existing laws to trafficking cases.
Tyrone Siu/Reuters/File
Protesters hold signs calling for better protection of migrant workers during a protest outside the district court in Hong Kong in February.
Loading...
October 22, 2015
By
Astrid Zweynert
Thomson Reuters Foundation
Hong Kong
An Indonesian domestic worker arrives in Hong Kong and has her passport taken away, a Bangladeshi teenager is coming to work on a construction site but he is denied a fair wage – two examples of the many forms that modern-day slavery can take.Neither case could be tried in Hong Kong's courts under human trafficking laws because the territory narrowly defines it as a crime only involving cross-border sex trafficking for prostitution."This means it excludes trafficking for labor exploitation, debt bondage, domestic servitude, or similar practices," Archana Kotecha, head of legal at Liberty Asia, a charity that fights against modern-day slavery, told the Thomson Reuters Foundation.As a result there are few human trafficking prosecutions in Hong Kong, which the US State Department in 2014 identified as a destination, transit, and source territory for adults and children subjected to sex trafficking and forced labor.But lawyers say other laws already on the books could be used to prosecute perpetrators of trafficking. Cases such as withholding a passport or not paying a fair wage, for example, could involve more than 50 breaches of Hong Kong's laws.
Trump in 2024? For now, president’s hints are freezing GOP field.With its large migrant population – including some 320,000 domestic workers, mostly from the Philippines and Indonesia – Hong Kong needs a more comprehensive definition of human trafficking, said Kotecha."There is a clear legal gap when it comes to tackling human trafficking here," said Kotecha. "But human trafficking is a crime of many crimes, which means other laws may be applied to help trafficking victims."To shed light on the legal situation, Liberty Asia and law firm Reed Smith Richards Butler have joined forces to analyze Hong Kong's legal framework and suggest strategies to improve prosecution rates and the protection of trafficking victims."The Hong Kong Legal Gap Analysis" report, released in June, pinpoints how existing laws can be applied in suspected human trafficking cases.Kotecha cited false imprisonment – for example if a domestic worker is held in a home against her will, which is tantamount to slavery – as an offense that could be tried as a civil case to hold the perpetrator to account and compensate the victim."Civil law is becoming increasingly important in human trafficking cases, and it is an option that puts the victim in the driving seat whereas in a criminal case, the victim is practically a disempowered bystander," said Kotecha.Other cases to be tried in the civil courts could include sexual harassment and employment law claims.Anti-money-laundering laws can also play a crucial part in tackling human trafficking, said Kotecha."You can't divorce money-laundering from human trafficking and it is imperative for Hong Kong to identify these tainted funds," said Kotecha.Hong Kong's anti-money-laundering regime is well-placed to deal with the proceeds of crime arising from human trafficking, but it would be more effective if the definition of human trafficking was broadened, said Kotecha.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox.
The US State Department's 2014 Trafficking in Persons report said people from mainland China, the Philippines, Indonesia, Thailand, Vietnam, Nepal, Cambodia, and other Southeast Asian countries as well as Colombia, Chad, and Uganda had become victims of sex trafficking and forced labor in Hong Kong.• Reporting by Astrid Zweynert. This story originally appeared at The Thomson Reuters Foundation website. The foundation is the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters and covers humanitarian news, women's rights, trafficking, corruption, and climate change. Visit www.trust.org.
Related stories
How not to talk about human trafficking
Rani Hong was a victim of child trafficking. Now she’s a leader in the fight to end it.
How to end modern slavery
How to stop global child trafficking
Religious leaders vow to eradicate modern-day slavery
Share this article
Copy link
Link copied.
×
of
stories this month
>
Get unlimited stories
You've read  of  free articles.
Subscribe to continue.
Unlimited digital access $11/month.
Get unlimited Monitor journalism.
Learn more
Unlimited digital access $11/month.
Already a subscriber? Login
Digital subscription includes:
Unlimited access to CSMonitor.com.
CSMonitor.com archive.
The Monitor Daily email.
No advertising.
Cancel anytime.
Subscribe
Like what you see here?
Less noise. More insight.
SUBSCRIBE TODAY