http://www.magickeys.com/books/privacy.html
BACK
CHILDREN'S STORYBOOKS ONLINE
PRIVACY STATEMENT
For the safety of children visiting "Children's Storybooks Online," we collect no personal information from minors under 13. We do not have a chat area. E-mails sent to us remain private and personal unless otherwise requested and approved by the sender or sender's parent.
BANNERS: Children's Storybooks Online provides free content to children and will remain free so long as it can support itself though banners. Permission to link to Children's Storybooks Online is granted to sites and web entities on condition that our banners remain viewable and clickable. Banner blocking is not permitted.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative's Opt Out of Behavioral Advertising page at www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.
While Children's Storybooks Online itself does not track or collect information through cookies, the banners on our site do collect information for their respective banner networks. Some banners lead to pages that allow you to fill out personal information in order to take advantage of their offers. This is always voluntary and requires participants to be at least 18 years of age. Most banners are static but we do allow an occasional pop-under per session. We select and monitor the banners from each agency to insure that they are child safe. We do not use banners with alcohol, gambling or adult material. In running banner ads on our site there may be cookies involved which collect information specific to how you use the Internet.
LINKS: Children's Storybooks Online website contains links to other websites. Please be aware that while we periodically review and update our links, we cannot guarantee that they will remain child safe. We encourage parents and teachers to double-check the web sites their children visit. If you find a link on Children's Storybooks Online that is not child safe, PLEASE NOTIFY US IMMEDIATELY!
OTHER PRIVACY STATEMENTS: We are also not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites and encourage our users to read the privacy statements of those websites they visit when leaving Children's Storybooks Online. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected on this website.
BACK
031906424