https://www.aystur.com/privacy-policy/
Facebook
Twitter
Google
RSS
Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is: http://www.aystur.com.
We also own the following brands:
– Drew’s Animals
– Drew’s Animals Store
– The Antiques You Want (points to an eBay store)
– Jean A Sturgill / Your Winning Potential
– Your Essential Oils
– SMART (Speakers, Meeting Planners & Agents Round Table) (co-owned)
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
When you submit a form to us, whatever personally identifying information you give along with ip and cookies collected on the site my disclose your location, etc. We do not sell your information, and you may unsubscribe at any time. We may also send you advertising in with your subscription or separately. We may also track your actions with the email we send you. When you unsubscribe, you will unsubscribe from our sending those too.
Cookies
When commenting is available, if you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles and pages on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
The hosting company (I’m sure) is keeping records for us and them for the use of this site. We do not attempt to link these to you unless we feel criminal activity has occurred. We may track actions taken with email we send you when you subscribe. We also use a third party to track visitors completing our webinar form and landing on our webinar’s video page and related pages.
Who we share your data with
We don’t go out of our way to share data with anyone beyond our needs. We only share what we need to in order to operate the site and services offered. The hosting company obviously has access as well as other vendors who assist in our communicating with you.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are possibly retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service. We also use various services to send email and SMS messages to you as part of a subscription or reply to your message. We encourage you to remember that no data is completely secure on the web. We make a point to work with only the most reliable 3rd parties to keep your information secure.
Changes to this policy
Changes will be posted online (most likely here) where you can easily access them.
Your contact information
For more information, please call 336-506-5122.