http://www.safeteens.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Educating users about privacy is one of ConnectSafely’s core missions so, naturally, we take user privacy very seriously.
As a general practice, we don’t ask users to provide personal information but there are some exceptions like providing us with information to subscribe to our newsletter or sending us email or requesting printed copies of our literature.
Collection of your Personal Information
We do not collect any personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. However, you may be required to provide certain personal information to us when you elect to use certain products or services available on the Site. These may include registering for an account on our Site; sending us an email message; submitting your credit card or other payment information when ordering and purchasing products and services on our Site or making a donation. Any information we collected will be used only to communicate with you.
We don’t sell, rent or otherwise share information with third parties except if a user informs us of an issue they are having with another company (such as concerns about privacy or safety from a social media company affiliated or unaffiliated with ConnectSafely) in which case we might share that request with the company so they can respond directly.
Like many websites, information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by ConnectSafely’s server. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the ConnectSafely website.
We use analytical tools like Google Analytics operated by third parties, which may collect data to help perform statistical analysis. All third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to ConnectSafely, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Opt-in Email
ConnectSafely has an opt-in newsletter which is currently sent through MailChimp. We collect your email address for the sole purpose of sending you the newsletter and will remove your email address if you unsubscribe.
ConnectSafely may disclose your personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on ConnectSafely or the Site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of ConnectSafely; and/or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of ConnectSafely, or the public.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.