http://www.nonstick.com/privacy-statement/
xyz@abc.com111-222-333
Privacy Statement Home /Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
We care about your on-line experience and your privacy. To protect your privacy, Non-Stick Enterprises has instituted policies that give you information and control.
Non-Stick Enterprises:
provides a link to this Privacy Statement on all pages that ask for personal information
will not release personal identifying information about you without first obtaining consent
will not knowingly collect or use personal identifying information from children younger than 13 without parental consent
This privacy statement discloses our practices for the gathering and use of information from visitors to our Web sites and from people who register for services that we offer online.
We may use your IP address to:
help diagnose problems with our server
administer our Web site
help identify you and your shopping cart and
gather broad, anonymous demographic information.
Our site may use cookies to:
keep track of your shopping cart
make sure you don't see the same ad repeatedly
deliver content specific to your interests
save your password so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit our site,
and for statistical purposes.
We may use customer contact information from the registration form to:
send you information about our company and promotional material from some of our partners and
contact you when necessary
You may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
We may use demographic and customer profile information to tailor the visitors' experience at our site, showing them content that we think might interest them and displaying the content according to their preferences. We share this information with advertisers only on an aggregate, anonymous basis and not on an individual basis.
This site contains links to other sites. Non-Stick Enterprises is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of Web sites to which we link.
We have special business relationships with some companies, but none of them receive individual identifying information about you collected at our sites.
This site may make chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, our online practices. you may contact:
Non-Stick Enterprises
10387 Friars Road, Suite 202
San Diego, CA 92120 USA
Phone: 714-822-2288
Fax: 781-394-6627
support@nonstick.com