https://www.rncm.ac.uk/about/college-information/privacy/
Student/Staff
Book Tickets
Join E-List
Jobs
News
Blog
Study Here
What’s On
Visit
About
Research
Alumni
Support
Venue Hire
Watch / Listen
Study Here
Why Study Here
Professional Opportunities
Life in Manchester
Accommodation
Prospectus
Support and Wellbeing
Meet our Staff
Chat with Us
Student Stories
What You Can Study
Undergraduate Programmes
Graduate School
Schools of Study
Specialisms
Associate Student Scheme and CPD
Short Courses
Make an Application
Open Days
Entrance Requirements
How to Apply
Your Audition
Your Offer
Fees and Funding
Application FAQs
Junior RNCM
How to Apply and Fees
What Our Students Say
Apply to the RNCM
What’s On
Events
Festivals
Series
Livestreams
Brochure
Download our Brochure
Join Us
Sign up for our E-Newsletter
Become a Member
RNCM Engage
Booking Information
Seating Plans
Discounts
Group Bookings
Sonic Manchester
How to Book
Events at the RNCM
Visit
Visit Us
Getting Here
RNCM Food and Drink
Accessibility
Open Days
Find Us
About
RNCM
News
Job Vacancies
Professional and Educational Partners
Find Us
Contact
College Information
Term Dates
College Documents
Governors
Support and Wellbeing
Bullying and Harassment
Equality and Diversity
Fellows and Honorary Members
Data Protection
Privacy
Complaints
Safeguarding
Safeguarding at the RNCM
Discover
Research
Research at RNCM
Research Staff
Research Projects
Research Events
Research Forum
Conferences
Events Archive
Research Degrees
Research Degree Programmes
Requirements
Apply for an MPhil/PhD
Research Students
PG Research Student Profiles
Research Centres
PRiSM
CMC
EEMRC
HARP
CPRC
CMPR
MANCS
Resources
Library
Archives
RNCM Collection of Historic Musical Instruments
Paris-Manchester 1918
Research Forum
Alumni
Meet our Alumni
Composition Alumni
Conducting Alumni
Ensemble Alumni
Keyboard Alumni
Popular Music Alumni
Strings Alumni
Vocal Alumni
Wind, Brass and Percussion Alumni
News and Features
Northern Highlights
Then and Now
Honorary Associate Artists
Events and Offers
RNCM Reunions
Forthcoming Events
Alumni Offers
Get Involved
Contact the Alumni Team
RNCM Connect
Keep in Touch
Support the RNCM
Our Alumni Magazine
Support
How You Can Help
Keep Music Playing
Support a Student
Name a Seat
Principal’s Circle
Support RNCM Engage
Named Award
Corporate Support
Leave a Gift in Your Will
In Memory Giving
Donate
Get in Touch
Meet the Team
Keep Music Playing
Hire
Hire – Performance
RNCM Concert Hall
RNCM Theatre
Forman Lecture Theatre
Hire FAQ
Book our Musicians
Hire – Conferencing
Venue Details
Hire Our Spaces
Watch / Listen
Privacy
You are here |
Home | About | College Information | Privacy
Covid-19 Privacy Notice
The Department for Education requires Higher Education Institutions to assist with NHS test and trace and ensure Covid-secure arrangements are put in place for on-site activity.  The RNCM will be using data from ASIMUT (room bookings), SENTRY/TELEPEN (access control system) and Zellis (personal contact numbers – HR system) to assist NHS test and trace where a suspected/confirmed COVID case has been in the building and will be using data to ensure that users numbers are maintained at a safe level including checks to ensure students are not staying in the building longer than their timetable permits.
We will use this information solely for the purpose of assisting the NHS and to alert users who may have been in the same rooms/areas where we feel there is a transmission risk to monitor their health/seek NHS advice as appropriate. We will not divulge the identity of the suspected/confirmed case or any users with whom they may have been in contact (using the Government definition of ‘contact’).
RNCM Privacy Statement
The Royal Northern College of Music (RNCM) is committed to handling and storing personal information in compliance with the terms of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). This applies whether the information is obtained directly from individuals through the RNCM website by completing web forms or by other means such as phone calls, e-mail, and printed form or in person. It also applies to information obtained from publicly available sources.
In all instances the RNCM is the data controller; its Data Protection Policy may be viewed here: Data Protection Policy.
This privacy statement applies to external stakeholders; separate privacy policies are in place for staff, visiting tutors, students, JRNCM students and participants in RNCM Young Projects and RNCM Outreach activities.
Whose information do we collect?
We collect personal information about the following categories of people:
Alumni
Supporters – Principal’s Circle, RNCM Members
Donors
Enquirers
Audience members
Other stakeholders
What information do we collect?
Depending on the nature of your relationship with the RNCM we may collect some or all of the following information:
Biographical – name, title, previous surname, date of birth or age, gender
Contact details – postal address, email address, phone number
Current interests and preferences, e.g. genres of music
Time as a student at the RNCM [Alumni]
Professional activities
Record of donations (We do not retain bank account or bank card details; payment for tickets is managed through a third party)
Attendance at events
How do we collect the information?
Information is collected under the following circumstances:
Requesting a prospectus
Registering for Open Days or other events
Booking tickets online or in person
Subscribing to RNCM mailing lists or other marketing communications
Becoming a registered supporter of the RNCM
Applying to become a student at the RNCM or Junior RNCM
Applying to attend or registering for RNCM Young Projects or RNCM Engage
Through personal contact with a staff member or trustee
From publicly available sources
When you provide contact details you will be asked if you would like to receive further information from the RNCM. You will also be offered the opportunity to opt-out every time we communicate with you.
We use ‘Cookies’ on our website to allow us to see how our website is used and to improve our services to you. None of this information identifies you personally. For more information click here.
Why do we collect the information?
We collect the information in order to:
provide and manage services, such as attendance at free and charged events
manage contact with, and support, alumni
manage contact with, and provide information to, supporters
communicate news about the RNCM
communicate news about events at the RNCM
issue invitations to RNCM events
administer donations and legacies, including Gift Aid
identify potential donors and sources of funding for, amongst other activities, scholarships, outreach, capital projects, performance programme and RNCM Engage
We use tools to assist us with providing targeted information to our stakeholders, such as genre specific event communications. We may occasionally use profiling and wealth screening services provided by trusted third party organisations such as Prospecting for Gold for the same purpose. You will always have the right to opt out of this processing. We also gather information from publicly available third party resources, e.g. directories, companies house, charity registers, and social media platforms such as LinkedIn to assist us with identifying stakeholders who might be approached for financial support.
Under the terms of the GDPR the lawful bases for processing personal information are:
we need it to fulfil a contract (e.g. ticket purchase);
we need it to pursue our legitimate interests by communicating with alumni, current and potential supporters; and / or,
you have given your consent for us to do so.
You can opt out of this processing at any time by contacting development@rncm.ac.uk or calling 0161 907 5392.
Who collects the information?
Information is collected by, and on behalf of, the RNCM. It may be shared by departments within the RNCM in order for us to undertake a range of communications activities, both electronically, in print and through other channels.
How long do we hold the information?
Information is retained for as long necessary for the purpose for which it is required, and in line with the  RNCM Retention Schedule
We want to be sure that we have the most up-to-date information for you. If you discover that we have outdated information, such as address, e-mail address or change of name please contact us via info@rncm.ac.uk to let us know. If you purchase tickets online for the RNCM you can update your information yourself by logging into your account.
Where your information is stored
Your information is stored on secure, password protected databases and networks. Access to the information is given only to staff with the appropriate authorisation.
Data is held mainly in the United Kingdom with some on servers within the European Union.
CCTV & ANPR
The RNCM operates CCTV camera surveillance throughout the building and on the perimeter of the premises. The system is in place for the purposes of safeguarding personal security, to protect property and for the prevention and detection of crime. The images are stored securely and monitored in a controlled space. Images may be shared with Greater Manchester Police if required for the investigation of crime.
The RNCM operates an ANPR system in its car park situated under the Sir Charles Groves Hall of Residence, adjacent to the RNCM building. This system is used for the purpose of granting access to authorised users of the car park and to manage use by visitors.
Your rights
You have the right to request copies of any of your data held by the RNCM
Details of our Subject Access procedure are here or contact AQM:
Academic Quality Manager
Royal Northern College of Music
124 Oxford Road
Manchester
M13 9RD
You have the right to have your data rectified or erased
If you wish to amend the information we hold about you or the type of communications you receive, please follow the ‘update your preferences link’ in relevant e-mails, or contact the person or department which sent the communication
If you no longer want us to use or process your data, you can opt out at any time via the unsubscribe link included in emails or contact the Data Protection Officer:
Data Protection Officer
Royal Northern College of Music
124 Oxford Road
Manchester
M13 9RD
Contact and complaints
If you have any queries or complaints about this policy please contact
Data Protection Officer (DPO), Royal Northern College of Music, 124 Oxford Road, Manchester M13 9RD or send an e-mail to dpo@rncm.ac.uk
If you are dissatisfied with the RNCM’s response to your request for access to your data, or handling of your request to rectify or erase your data, you may contact:
Information Commissioner’s Office
Wycliffe House
Water Lane
Wilmslow
Cheshire
SK9 5AF
T 0303 123 1113
Related Pages
Data Protection
Downloads
Data Subject Access Request Form
Privacy Statement - Applicants and Students
Data Protection Policy
Freedom of Information Policy
Our Location
The College
Study Here
About
Visit Us
Research
Alumni
Support the RNCM
Events
What’s On
Book Tickets
Hire our Venues
Contact
124 Oxford Road, Manchester, M13 9RD.
T: 0161 907 5200
F: 0161 273 7611
E: info@rncm.ac.uk
Student/staff Login
Log in here
Click here to read this institution's latest review report.
Copyright © 2020 RNCM info@rncm.ac.uk
Privacy Statement
X
COVID-19 Update: In order to provide the best possible student experience over the coming months and to ensure maximum access for staff and students while social distancing is in place, the RNCM will remain closed to the public until Monday 22 March. More information...