http://www.calendar-updates.com/privacy.aspx
my account /
search / checkout
0 Items
In
Cart  Total:
$0.00
SCHEDULES
Sports
Holidays
Moon Phase
EVENTS
Sunrise/Sunset
General Information
FAQ
Gift Certificates
About
Us
Your
Security
Your
Privacy
Our
Guarantee
Affiliates
SEARCH:
advanced search
Privacy Statement
The Collection of Personal Information.
In some circumstances, Calendar Updates may request personal information from you
like your name or e-mail
address.
Your response to these inquiries is strictly voluntary.
Calendar Updates uses this information to customize your experience on our website.
In addition, Calendar Updates may use this information for other business purposes, such as to alerting you to products and services that may interest you.
In general, you can visit our site without divulging any personal information.
However, notification of schedule changes and future Calendar Updates may not be available to those choosing not to reveal the information requested.
Collecting Domain Information.
Calendar Updates also collects domain information as part of its analysis of the use of this site.
This data enables us to become more familiar with which customers visit our site, how often they visit and what parts of the site they visit most often.
Calendar Updates uses this information to improve its web-based offerings.
This information is collected automatically and requires no action on your part.
Disclosure to Third Parties.
Calendar Updates does not disclose information about our customers to any third parties.
We will not sell, lease, or in any other way divulge the information you share with us.
Use of Cookies.
Some pages on this site may use "cookies," which are small files that the site places on your hard drive for identification purposes.
These files are used for site registration and customization the next time you visit us.
You should note that cookies cannot read data off of your hard drive.
Your web browser may allow you to be notified when you are receiving a cookie, giving you the choice to accept it or not.
By not accepting cookies, some pages may not fully function and you may not be able to access certain information on this site.
All Rights Reserved © 2001 - 2014 Calendar Updates, LLC