https://www.girls-brigade-scotland.org.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Statement
The Girls’ Brigade in Scotland (GBS) takes the issue of privacy seriously and is committed to protecting our users’ privacy online.  This statement outlines our current data processing practices but you may wish to read the full details of our GDPR Policy and Privacy Notice.
What information do we collect?
When you register with www.girls-brigade-scotland.org.uk to use our online shop to purchase goods or to make event bookings we will ask for your name, billing and delivery address, telephone number, email and your credit or debit card details.  At no time do we collect sensitive personal data.
We do not keep a copy of your credit or debit card details on any of our systems and you will be asked to add the details at the point of sale on each order.
How does Girls’ Brigade Scotland protect customer information?
GBS will process personal data securely by ensuring confidentiality, integrity and availability of personal data is kept secure at all times.  It is the customer’s responsibility to ensure that they keep their password secret and it is suggested that they update this regularly and do not store it on any device that is shared by others to protect against unauthorised access of their personal details.  It is also the responsibility of the user to ensure they log off from www.girls-brigade-scotland.org.uk when not using the site and to ensure that no-one else can access the site while the user is “logged on” to www.girls-brigade-scotland.org.uk
Sharing of Information
Girls’ Brigade Scotland will not share or sell personal information to third-party organisations for marketing, fundraising or campaigning purposes.
We will share information with data processors working on our behalf, for example when a purchase is made from the GBS online shop it is a third party which processes payments on our behalf.  At present this is Sage Pay and due diligence has been undertaken to ensure they have adequate data protection standards and processes.
Use of Google Analytics
Girls’ Brigade Scotland uses Google Analytics to track the usage of the site in order to improve the quality of the user experience.
Google Analytics collects the following types of information from users:
Type of user agent (web browser) used, software manufacture and version number.Type of operating systemScreen colours (colour processing ability of the users screen)Javascript supportFlash versionScreen resolutionNetwork location and IP addressCan include town/city, county, region, country, or any other geographic data.HostnameBandwidth (internet connection speed)Time of visitPages visitedTime spent on each page of the websiteReferring site statisticsThe website (URL) the user came through in order to arrive at this website (example: clicking on a hyperlink from Yahoo.com that took the user to this website)Search engine query used (example: typing in a phrase into a search engine like Google, and clicking on a link from that search engine)
This data is only used to optimise our website for our visitors.
This data DOES NOT include any personalised identification information such as:
NamesContact DetailsCredit/Debit Card Information
Further Information
If you have any queries or questions about this statement please contact Girls’ Brigade Scotland at datacompliance@girls-brigade-scotland.org.uk
Get the Latest News
Subscribe to our newsletter or follow our adventures on facebook.
Get in Touch
To get in touch, pop over to our Contact Page.
Shop
SHOP