http://www.missmaggie.org/privacy-policy/
Home
WAP Free Activities
Teachers
Kids
Bookstore
MBH
Espanol
Teachers
Who we are
Contacts
Terms of use
Privacy policy
Credits
Privacy policy
Maggie’s Privacy Policy For Kids
Why Does Maggie Have a Privacy Policy?
Maggie’s Earth Adventures, LLC wants to protect YOU and YOUR safety online. There is even a law called the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act that helps us know how to keep you safe. This law is called COPPA for short. We read this law and the guidelines of the Children’s Advertising Review Unit of the Better Business Bureaus to help us know what to do.
How Does Maggie Follow The Law?
We want you to tell your parents and teachers that you are visiting www.missmaggie.org. It is important that adults know what websites you are using.
We do NOT want you to send us any personal information about you. It is never a good idea to send your full name, address, or phone number to anyone over the Internet.
If you want to send something to the Maggie website, we want your parents or teachers to send it for you from their address. We love to post your great work. We hope you will ask an adult to send it to us.
NONE of the artwork and writing from kids that we put on our site will include any information that would allow you to be identified. We will only include your first name, grade, and school.
What If There Is A Contest?
There may be a contest that you will want to enter. We will ask that your parents or your teacher enter your work in the contest. We will ask this adult to send us only your first name. We will only put this on our site. If there will be prizes given to winning students, we will ask the adult who sends in your work to send us their name and address. This way, we can send the adult your prize and they can give it to you. This is a good way for your parents to be sure that you will stay safe. Your parents can be assured that we will not share their information with anyone else. We will only use it to send prizes from Maggie!
What About Any Hot Links I See On www.missmaggie.org?
We do have some links to other sites in our teacher section of the Maggie website. We put them in the teacher section because we want your teacher or parents to check these sites before you visit them. These sites are required to follow COPPA but we cannot guarantee they do. You also need to know that they may not have the same privacy policy as Maggie’s Earth Adventures, LLC. They may use data collection software in ways that we do not.
A note for teachers and parents:
COPPA prohibits children’s websites from requiring children to provide any more information than is reasonably necessary to participate in activities. We, at Maggie’s Earth Adventures, LLC, strongly support this and are committed to following the law. If you have any questions, please contact us at info@missmaggie.org or send your letters to:
Maggie’s Earth Adventures, LLC
P.O. Box 1850
Middleburg, VA 20118
Maggie’s Privacy Policy For Adults
What Information Does www.missmaggie.org Collect and Why?
We ask adults who subscribe to www.missmaggie.org to provide us with an e-mail address in order to send information, site news, and weekly activity packets. You can, at anytime, unsubscribe from these informative e-mails. We may ask for your mailing address in order to send you CD-ROMs, prizes, or other material. We will not share your information with any third parties. For more information on our educational and environmental vision, please visit the teacher area of the site.
All Terms of Use must be agreed to when using the missmaggie.org website.
Donate!
Go to our Donation page for more information.
Have you played Maggie’s Games?
Maggie's Books Teacher's Guide Lights! Camera! Action!: The complete Teacher’s Guide to Maggie’s Earth Adventures’s eco-thriller Lights! Camera! Action! by Kathy Hart Smith. Find the book absolutely FREE at www.missmaggie.org under the... » Maggie's Treasure Trove: Access nearly 1,000 pages of classroom-ready activity sheets from lessons in reading comprehension to math; from quotation marks to science concepts and from Michigan to... »Latest newsEnd of Year Fun
05/26/2018: As the year ends asking your students to write letters to your new class is always a fun and helpful activity. This can serve as... »It's Pi Day
03/14/2018:
Looking for a special Pi Day activity?  Purchase entry into our bookstore and you'll find the following in Maggie's Treasure Trove.
"What Makes 3/14 Special?" -... »Parkland School
02/27/2018: As we continue to mourn the Parkland school shooting tragedy, Maggie’s Earth Adventures salutes the groundswell of brave students who have risen up to fight... »Share this
Pages
#7503 (no title)
Bookstore
Cartoons & more
Contactos
Contacts
Credits
Donate
Emergent Readers
Free Activities
Home
International Literacy Association
La Sala de Profesores
Las Aventuras Terrestres de Maggie
Maggie’s Big Home
Maggie’s Big Home Special Downloads
Maggie’s Games
Paquete Semanal
Privacy policy
Sign up
Teachers
Terms of use
WAP Archive
Who we are
©2020 Maggie's Earth Adventures