http://www.theonering.com/about-us/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Home
News
The Hobbit (Movies)
Lord of the Rings (Movies)
Books
Events
Games
Other News
The Hobbit
News
Galleries
FAQ
Cast
Crew
Face-Off!  The Hobbit vs. The Fellowship of the Ring
Galleries
The Hobbit Movies
The Lord of the Rings Movies
JRR Tolkien
Maps/Calendars/Genealogies
Book Covers
Fan Art
Other
Professional Artists
Messageboard
Active Topics
The Hobbit - Movies
The Books
Games (Tolkien and More)
Talk: The Bird and the Baby
Film Changes
Introduction
The Hobbit General Changes
The Hobbit : An Unexpected Journey
The Hobbit : The Desolation of Smaug
The Hobbit: There and Back Again
LOTR General Changes
Fellowship of the Ring
The Two Towers
The Return of the King
False Rumours
Reading Room
A Tolkien Virgin
Coralie's Corner
Critical Viewpoints
Essays
Humour
Poetry
Reviews
Stories
About
Our Mission
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
1. INTRODUCTION. The One Ring ("us," or "we") is committed to respecting the privacy rights of its customers, visitors, and other users of the Website ("the Site"). We created this Website Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") to give you confidence as you visit and use the Site, and to demonstrate our commitment to fair information practices and the protection of privacy. This Privacy Policy is only applicable to the Site, and not to any other websites that you may be able to access from the Site, each of which may have data collection, storage, and use practices and policies that differ materially from this Privacy Policy.2. INFORMATION COLLECTION PRACTICES2.1. TYPES OF INFORMATION COLLECTED(a) TRAFFIC DATA COLLECTED. We automatically track and collect the following categories of information when you visit our Site: (1) IP addresses; (2) domain servers; (3) types of computers accessing the Site; (4) types of web browsers used to access the Site; (5) referring site; (6) pages visited on the Site; and (7) the duration of your visit to the Site (your "Session") (collectively "Traffic Data"). Traffic Data is anonymous information that does not personally identify you but is helpful for marketing purposes or for improving your experience on the Site. We also use "cookies" to customize content specific to your interests, to ensure that you do not see the same advertisement repeatedly, and to store your other Session information.(b) PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED. In order for you to access certain premium, services and to purchase products that we offer via the Site, we require you to provide us with certain information that personally identifies you ("Personal Information"). Personal Information includes the following categories of information: (1) Contact Data (such as your name, mailing address, and e-mail address); (2) Financial Data (such as your account or credit card number); and (3) Demographic Data (such as your zip code, age, and income). If you communicate with us by e-mail, post messages to any of our chat groups, bulletin boards, or forums, or otherwise complete online forms, surveys, or contest entries, any information provided in such communication may be collected as Personal Information.2.2. USES OF INFORMATION COLLECTED.(a) USE OF INFORMATION. We may use Contact Data to send you information about the Site or our products or services, or promotional material from some of our partners, or to contact you when necessary. We may use your Demographic Data to customize and tailor your experience on the Site, displaying content that we think you might be interested in and according to your preferences.(b) SHARING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION. We share certain categories of information we collect from you in the ways described in this Privacy Policy. We share Demographic Data with advertisers and other third parties only on an aggregate (i.e., non-personally-identifiable) basis. We share Contact Data with other companies who may want to send you information about their products or services, unless you have specifically requested that we not share Contact Data with such companies. We also share Contact Data and Financial Data with our business partners who assist us by performing core services (such as hosting, billing, fulfillment, or data storage and security) related to our operation of the Site. Those business partners have all agreed to uphold the same standards of security and confidentiality that we have promised to you in this Privacy Policy, and they will only use your Contact Data and other Personal Information to carry out their specific business obligations to Company. If you do not want us to share your Contact Data with any third parties, please email us at info@theonering.com, but please understand that such a request will likely limit your ability to take advantage of all of the features and services we offer on the Site.(c) USER CHOICE REGARDING COLLECTION, USE, AND DISTRIBUTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION. You may choose not to provide us with any Personal Information. In such an event, you can still access and use much of the Site; however you will not be able to access and use those portions of the Site that require your Personal Information. If you do not wish to receive information and promotional material from us or from some of our partners, email us at info@theonering.com.3. CONFIDENTIALITY AND SECURITY OF PERSONAL INFORMATION. Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, we will keep your Personal Information private and will not share it with third parties, unless such disclosure is necessary to: (a) comply with a court order or other legal process; (b) protect our rights or property; or (c) enforce our Terms of Service. Your Personal Information is stored on secure servers that are not accessible by third parties. When necessary, we provide you with the capability to transmit you Personal Information via secured and encrypted channels if you use a similarly equipped web browser.3.1. PUBLIC INFORMATION. The Site contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. We may also make chat rooms, forums, message boards, and news groups available to you. Please understand that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information. We have no control over its use and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your Personal Information.4. UPDATES AND CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY. We reserve the right, at any time and without notice, to add to, change, update, or modify this Privacy Policy, simply by posting such change, update, or modification on the Site and without any other notice to you. Any such change, update, or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on the Site.
Home :: About :: Privacy Policy Latest Forum Posts
Join the Conversation!
News - Galleries - About - Contact - Privacy Policy - Terms of ServiceCOPYRIGHT 1999-2012 - The One Ring ... The One Ring is administered by everyday fans of J.R.R. Tolkien and Lord of the Rings. The One Ring is not affiliated with the Tolkien Estate or Tolkien Enterprises. Certain materials such as books, films, articles and other promotional materials are held by their respective owners and is allowed under the fair use clause of the Copyright Law.Certain design elements of this webpage are copyright Ted Nasmith
Powered by Core Canvas