http://www.scienceagogo.com/news/privacy.shtml
Topics
Animal Kingdom
Biology
Climate Change
Computing & Electronics
Energy Alternatives
Environment
Evolution
Health
Genetics
Health & Diet
Health & Environment
Mental Health
Reproductive Health
Health OMG
Humans
Medicine
Mind & Brain
Physics
Prehistory
Robotics & AI
Space
Technology
Bio Inspired Tech
Chemistry
Nanotechnology
Forums
Science
Not Quite Science
Physics
Climate Change
Science Fiction
About
About
Privacy
Terms & Conditions
Share
Privacy Policy
We believe that privacy is an important right of those who choose to use the Website.
We may collect contact information (like their e-mail addresses) from visitors to the Website.
Unless you object, this information may be used:
to send news, information about our activities and general promotional material which we believe may be useful to you;
to monitor who is accessing the Website or using services offered on the Website; and
to profile the type of people accessing the Website.
If you wish to become a member of the Website, we will require you to provide us with certain pieces of information such as your name and email address.
This information will be used to allow us to provide you with access to the discussion forums and to communicate with you.
The internet protocol address (commonly referred to as and "IP address") of the computer from which you access the Website will be logged each time you post material in the discussion forum such that a permanent record will be created that the Website was accessed by the computer in question.
If you do not wish to have your personal information used in this manner or for any other specific purpose, you can e-mail us accordingly.
We keep your data as accurate, complete and up-to-date as possible. We make an effort to ensure this data is of high quality, but this relies on the accuracy and frequency of data provided by you and other third parties.
We utilise "cookies" which enable us to monitor traffic patterns and to serve you more efficiently if you revisit the site. A cookie does not identify you personally but it does identify your computer. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie and this will provide you with an opportunity to either accept or reject it in each instance.
If you reject a cookie, some of the parts or features of the Website may not function properly.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on Science a GoGo. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to Science a GoGo and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
We will not sell or otherwise provide your personal information to a third party, or make any other use of your personal information, for any purpose which is not incidental to your use of this Website. For the removal of doubt, personal information will not be used for any purpose which a reasonable person in your position would not expect.
If you request us not to use personal information in a particular manner or at all, we will adopt all reasonable measures to observe your request but we may still use or disclose that information if:
we subsequently notify you of the intended use or disclosure and you do not object to that use or disclosure;
we believe that the use or disclosure is reasonably necessary to assist a law enforcement agency or an agency responsible for government or public security in the performance of their functions; or
we are required by law to disclose the information.
We will preserve the content of any e-mail you send us if we believe we have the legal requirement to do so.
Your e-mail message content may be monitored by us for trouble-shooting or maintenance purposes or if any form of e-mail abuse is suspected.
Personal information which we collect may be aggregated for analysis but in such circumstances we would ensure that individuals would remain anonymous.
All personal information which we collect (including your contact details and, if relevant, credit card details) is kept confidential to the best of our ability. You will appreciate, however, that we cannot guarantee the security of transmission.
From time to time, we may use the personal information in its possession to market services which may be of interest to you.
In circumstances where we use your personal information in this manner, we will provide you with a right to choose whether or not to receive such information and marketing materials in the future.
We consider it is the responsibility of parents to monitor their children's use of our Website. Nevertheless it is our policy not to require personal information from persons known to be under the age of 18 years or offer to send any promotional material to persons in that category.
You are entitled to have access to any personal information relating to you which you have previously supplied to us over this Website. You are entitled to edit or delete such information unless we are required by law to retain it.
If you wish to comment on or query our privacy policy, or if you wish to make an inquiry regarding any personal information relating to you which may be in our possession, contact us.
Amended November 18, 2013
Top of page     Home page     Forums     About
The terms and conditions governing your use of this website.
© 1997 - 2016 McMurdo Media Pty Ltd and its licensors. All rights reserved.
Site built with Simple Responsive Template