https://www.houstonchronicle.com/news/houston-weather/hurricaneharvey/article/Beyonc-launches-BeyGOOD-Houston-to-help-with-12164903.php
HoustonSuburbsEducationTexasEnvironmentHealth CareCoronavirusPoliticsHoustonTexasU.S. & WorldBusinessFuel FixTexas Inc.Real EstateTop WorkplacesRetailTechBurgerTexas Sports NationTexansAstrosRocketsDynamo & DashCollegeHigh SchoolFoodRestaurants & BarsRestaurant ReviewsBarbecueRecipesLifestyleReligionHome & GardenHome DesignSocietyTravel/ExploreReNew HoustonWellnessNutritionFitnessHealthPreviewMovies & TVMusicArts & ExhibitsClassicalDanceTheaterInvestigationsInteractivesTexas Flood MapBayou City CookbookTracking COVID-19OpinionEditorialsLetters to the EditorColumnistsEssaysPodcasts & VideoNewslettersMorning ReportAfternoon ReportBreaking Newse-EditionObituariesCrosswordsShop the ChronicleTV ListingsArchiveTerms of UsePrivacy Notice
Back to Gallery
Beyoncé launches BeyGOOD Houston to help with Hurricane...
Facebook
Twitter
Email
LinkedIn
Reddit
Pinterest
Comments
127
1of127IMAGE DISTRIBUTED FOR PARKWOOD ENTERTAINMENT - Beyonce performs during the Formation World Tour at NRG Stadium on Thursday, Sept. 22, 2016, in Houston. (Photo by Daniela Vesco/Invision for Parkwood Entertainment/AP Images)Photo: Daniela Vesco, Associated Press2of1273of127A man helps children across a flooded street as they evacuate their home after the area was inundated with flooding from Hurricane Harvey on August 27, 2017 in Houston, Texas. Harvey, which made landfall north of Corpus Christi late Friday evening, is expected to dump upwards to 40 inches of rain in Texas over the next couple of days.Photo: Joe Raedle/Getty Images4of127Barb Davis, 74, is helped to dry land after being rescued from her flooded neighborhood after it was inundated with rain water, remnants of Hurricane Harvey, on August 28, 2017 in Houston, Texas. Harvey, which made landfall north of Corpus Christi late Friday evening, is expected to dump upwards to 40 inches of rain in areas of Texas over the next couple of days.Photo: Scott Olson/Getty Images5of127Trucks make their way through floodwaters in Cypress, Texas on August 29, 2017. Photo: MANDEL NGAN/AFP/Getty Images6of12781-year-old Ramona Bennett hugs Texas Army National Guard members Sergio Esquivel after she and other residents were rescued from their flooded mPine Forest Village neighborhood due to high water from Hurricane Harvey August 29, 2017 in Houston, Texas. Photo: Erich Schlegel/Getty Images7of127Texas Army National Guard members Sergio Esquivel, left, and Ernest Barmore carry 81-year-old Ramona Bennett after she and other residents were rescued from their Pine Forest Village neighborhood due to high water from Hurricane Harvey August 29, 2017 in Houston, Texas. Harvey, which made landfall north of Corpus Christi late Friday evening, is expected to dump upwards to 40 inches of rain in areas of Texas over the next couple of days. Photo: Erich Schlegel/Getty Images8of127Texas Army National Guard members Sergio Esquivel, left, and Ernest Barmore carry 81-year-old Ramona Bennett after she and other residents were rescued from their Pine Forest Village neighborhood due to high water from Hurricane Harvey August 29, 2017 in Houston, Texas. Photo: Erich Schlegel/Getty Images9of127People are rescued from a flooded neighborhood after it was inundated with rain water, remnants of Hurricane Harvey, on August 28, 2017 in Houston, Texas.Photo: Scott Olson/Getty Images10of127People are rescued from a flooded neighborhood after it was inundated with rain water, remnants of Hurricane Harvey, on August 28, 2017 in Houston, Texas. Photo: Scott Olson/Getty Images11of127People are rescued from a flooded neighborhood after it was inundated with rain water, remnants of Hurricane Harvey, on August 28, 2017 in Houston, Texas. Photo: Scott Olson/Getty Images12of127People make their way out of a flooded neighborhood after it was inundated with rain water, remnants of Hurricane Harvey, on August 28, 2017 in Houston, Texas. Photo: Scott Olson/Getty Images13of127A child is helped off the back of a rescue truck after his family evacuated their home after it was inundated with flooding from Hurricane Harvey on August 28, 2017 in Houston, Texas. Photo: Joe Raedle/Getty Images14of127A man waves down a rescue crew as he tries to leave the area after it was inundated with flooding from Hurricane Harvey on August 28, 2017 in Houston, Texas.Photo: Joe Raedle/Getty Images15of127CLODINE, TX - AUGUST 28: Rising flood waters stranded hundreds of residents of Twin Oaks Village in Clodine, where an collection of small boat owners coordinated to bring most to dry ground.
(Photo by Robert Gauthier/Los Angeles Times via Getty Images)Photo: Robert Gauthier/LA Times via Getty Images16of127Evacuees are helped to dry land after their homes were inundated with flooding from Hurricane Harvey on August 28, 2017 in Houston, Texas. Photo: Joe Raedle/Getty Images17of127An evacuee is helped to dry land after her home was inundated with flooding from Hurricane Harvey on August 28, 2017 in Houston, Texas. Photo: Joe Raedle/Getty Images18of127Evacuees arrive at the Convention Center shelter after evacuating from their homes when Hurricane Harvey caused heavy flooding in Houston, Texas on August 28, 2017. Photo: MARK RALSTON/AFP/Getty Images19of127Volunteers sort through donated clothing at a shelter in the George R. Brown Convention Center during the aftermath of Hurricane Harvey on August 28, 2017 in Houston, Texas. Photo: BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI/AFP/Getty Images20of127People evacuate through water past an abandoned car after Hurricane Harvey caused heavy flooding in Houston, Texas on August 28, 2017. Photo: MARK RALSTON/AFP/Getty Images21of127Volunteers sort through donated clothing at a shelter in the George R. Brown Convention Center during the aftermath of Hurricane Harvey on August 28, 2017 in Houston, Texas. Photo: BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI/AFP/Getty Images22of127A vet holds a dog at a shelter in the George R. Brown Convention Center during the aftermath of Hurricane Harvey on August 28, 2017 in Houston, Texas. Photo: BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI/AFP/Getty Images23of127Rising flood waters stranded hundreds of residents of Twin Oaks Village in Clodine, where a collection of small boat owners, including some with pool toys, coordinated to bring most to dry ground. Photo: Robert Gauthier/LA Times via Getty Images24of127A person walks through a flooded street with a dog after the area was inundated with flooding from Hurricane Harvey on August 28, 2017 in Houston, Texas. Photo: Joe Raedle/Getty Images25of127Evacuees seek shelter at their neighborhood Taco Bell after being rescued from rising flood waters in Clodine.Photo: Robert Gauthier/LA Times via Getty Images26of127Rising flood waters stranded hundreds of residents of Twin Oaks Village in Clodine, where an collection of small boat owners coordinated to bring most to dry ground.Photo: Robert Gauthier/LA Times via Getty Images27of127Evacuees fill up cots at the George Brown Convention Center that has been turned into a shelter run by the American Red Cross to house victims of the high water from Hurricane Harvey on August 28, 2017 in Houston, Texas. Photo: Erich Schlegel/Getty Images28of127Rising flood waters stranded hundreds of residents of Twin Oaks Village in Clodine, where an collection of small boat owners coordinated to bring most to dry ground. Photo: Robert Gauthier/LA Times via Getty Images29of127Rising flood waters stranded hundreds of residents of Twin Oaks Village in Clodine, where a collection of small boat owners, including some with pool toys, coordinated to bring most to dry ground. Photo: Robert Gauthier/LA Times via Getty Images30of127People make their way out of a flooded neighborhood after it was inundated with rain water, remnants of Hurricane Harvey, on August 28, 2017 in Houston, Texas. Photo: Scott Olson/Getty Images31of127People make their way out of a flooded neighborhood after it was inundated with rain water, remnants of Hurricane Harvey, on August 28, 2017 in Houston, Texas.Photo: Scott Olson/Getty Images32of127People are rescued from a flooded neighborhood after it was inundated with rain water, remnants of Hurricane Harvey, on August 28, 2017 in Houston, Texas. Photo: Scott Olson/Getty Images33of127People make their way out of a flooded neighborhood after it was inundated with rain water, remnants of Hurricane Harvey, on August 28, 2017 in Houston, Texas. Photo: Scott Olson/Getty Images34of127People make their way out of a flooded neighborhood after it was inundated with rain water, remnants of Hurricane Harvey, on August 28, 2017 in Houston, Texas. Photo: Scott Olson/Getty Images35of127People make their way out of a flooded neighborhood after it was inundated with rain water, remnants of Hurricane Harvey, on August 28, 2017 in Houston, Texas. Photo: Scott Olson/Getty Images36of127People are rescued from a flooded neighborhood after it was inundated with rain water, remnants of Hurricane Harvey, on August 28, 2017 in Houston, Texas. Photo: Scott Olson/Getty Images37of127A Coast Guard helicopter hoists a wheel chair on board after lifting a person to safety
from the area that was inundated with flooding from Hurricane Harvey on August 28, 2017 in Houston, Texas.Photo: Joe Raedle/Getty Images38of127Residents
are evacuated from their homes after severe flooding following Hurricane Harvey in the Cypresswood Creek subdivision in north Houston August 28, 2017 in Houston, Texas. Photo: Win McNamee/Getty Images39of127A Sheriff Dept boat rescues people after Hurricane Harvey caused heavy flooding in Houston, Texas on August 28, 2017. Photo: MARK RALSTON/AFP/Getty Images40of127A boy rides a pool float in his front yard after severe flooding following Hurricane Harvey in the Cypresswood Creek subdivision in north Houston August 28, 2017 in Houston, Texas. Photo: Win McNamee/Getty Images41of127People evacuate their homes after the area was inundated with flooding from Hurricane Harvey on August 28, 2017 in Houston, Texas. Photo: Joe Raedle/Getty Images42of127People shop at Sienna Market as a mandatory evacuation was issued for Sienna Plantation residents in Missouri City, Texas, on August 28, 2017.Photo: THOMAS B. SHEA/AFP/Getty Images43of127A submerged vehicle after Hurricane Harvey caused heavy flooding in Houston, Texas on August 28, 2017. Photo: MARK RALSTON/AFP/Getty Images44of127People walk down a flooded street as they evacuate their homes after the area was inundated with flooding from Hurricane Harvey on August 28, 2017 in Houston, Texas. Photo: Joe Raedle/Getty Images45of127The Signet Enterprise is sinking as helicopter aircrews were launched to assist the people in distress aboard the vessels near Port Aransas, Texas in response to Hurricane Harvey,
August. 26, 2017.Photo: Handout/Getty Images46of127A boat lists as the Coast Guard assessed damage and offered search and rescue assisitance during an overflight from Port Aransas to Port O'Connor, Texas, August 26, 2017.
(Photo by Petty Officer 3rd Class Johanna Strickland/U.S. Coast Guard via Getty Images)Photo: Handout/Getty Images47of127Homes are seen inundated with flooding from Hurricane Harvey on August 28, 2017 in Houston, Texas. Photo: Joe Raedle/Getty Images48of127A peson waits to be rescued from his flooded home after the area was inundated with flooding from Hurricane Harvey on August 28, 2017 in Houston, Texas.Photo: Joe Raedle/Getty Images49of127Dean Mize (left) and Jason Legnon carry a person to an airboat as they rescue people from their homes after the area was inundated with flooding from Hurricane Harvey on August 28, 2017 in Houston, Texas.Photo: Joe Raedle/Getty Images50of127People walk down a flooded street as they evacuate their homes after the area was inundated with flooding from Hurricane Harvey on August 28, 2017 in Houston, Texas. Photo: Joe Raedle/Getty Images51of127People walk down a flooded street as they evacuate their homes after the area was inundated with flooding from Hurricane Harvey on August 28, 2017 in Houston, Texas.Photo: Joe Raedle/Getty Images52of127People catch a ride on a construction vehicle down a flooded street as they evacuate their homes after the area was inundated with flooding from Hurricane Harvey on August 28, 2017 in Houston, Texas. Photo: Joe Raedle/Getty Images53of127Houston Fire Department Dive Team members motor through high water on North Braeswood Blvdlooking for victims of the flooding from Hurricane Harvey August 28, 2017 in Houston, Texas.Photo: Erich Schlegel/Getty Images54of127People use a inflatated mattress to evacuate their homes after the area was inundated with flooding from Hurricane Harvey on August 28, 2017 in Houston, Texas.Photo: Joe Raedle/Getty Images55of127TOPSHOT - A truck driver walks past an abandoned truck while checking the depth of an underpass during the aftermath of Hurricane Harvey August 28, 2017 in Houston, Texas. / AFP PHOTO / Brendan Smialowski
(Photo credit should read BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI/AFP/Getty Images)Photo: BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI/AFP/Getty Images56of127HOUSTON, TX - AUGUST 27:
In this handout provided by the Army National Guard, A Texas National Guardsman carries a resident from her flooded home following Hurricane Harvey
August 27, 2017 in Houston, Texas. Harvey, which made landfall north of Corpus Christi late Friday evening, is expected to dump upwards to 40 inches of rain in areas of Texas over the next couple of days. (Photo by Lt. Zachary West/Army National Guard via Getty Images)Photo: Handout/Getty Images57of127HOUSTON, TX - AUGUST 27:
In this handout provided by the Army National Guard, Texas National Guardsmen assist residents affected by flooding caused by Hurricane Harvey onto a military vehicle August 27, 2017 in Houston, Texas. Harvey, which made landfall north of Corpus Christi late Friday evening, is expected to dump upwards to 40 inches of rain in areas of Texas over the next couple of days. (Photo by Lt. Zachary West/Army National Guard via Getty Images)Photo: Handout/Getty Images58of127A vehicle lies submerged on the closed I-10 hoighway after Hurricane Harvey caused heavy flooding in Houston, Texas on August 27, 2017.
Massive flooding unleashed by deadly monster storm Harvey left Houston -- the fourth-largest city in the United States -- increasingly isolated as its airports and highways shut down and residents fled homes waist-deep in water. / AFP PHOTO / MARK RALSTON
(Photo credit should read MARK RALSTON/AFP/Getty Images)Photo: MARK RALSTON/AFP/Getty Images59of127TOPSHOT - People view the flooded highways in Houston on August 27, 2017 as the city battles with tropical storm Harvey and resulting floods.
Massive flooding unleashed by deadly monster storm Harvey left Houston -- the fourth-largest city in the United States -- increasingly isolated Sunday as its airports and highways shut down and residents fled homes waist-deep in water. / AFP PHOTO / Thomas B. Shea
(Photo credit should read THOMAS B. SHEA/AFP/Getty Images)Photo: THOMAS B. SHEA/AFP/Getty Images60of127People view the flooded highways in Houston on August 27, 2017 as the city battles with tropical storm Harvey and resulting floods.
Massive flooding unleashed by deadly monster storm Harvey left Houston -- the fourth-largest city in the United States -- increasingly isolated Sunday as its airports and highways shut down and residents fled homes waist-deep in water. / AFP PHOTO / Thomas B. Shea
(Photo credit should read THOMAS B. SHEA/AFP/Getty Images)Photo: THOMAS B. SHEA/AFP/Getty Images61of127TOPSHOT - Cars are trapped in floodwater near the I-10 freeway leading into Houston after Hurricane Harvey caused heavy flooding in the city, August 27, 2017.
Massive flooding unleashed by deadly monster storm Harvey left Houston -- the fourth-largest city in the United States -- increasingly isolated as its airports and highways shut down and residents fled homes waist-deep in water. / AFP PHOTO / MARK RALSTON
(Photo credit should read MARK RALSTON/AFP/Getty Images)Photo: MARK RALSTON/AFP/Getty Images62of127Downtown Houston and submerged highways are seen August 27, 2017 as the city battles with tropical storm Harvey and resulting floods. / AFP PHOTO / Thomas B. Shea
(Photo credit should read THOMAS B. SHEA/AFP/Getty Images)Photo: THOMAS B. SHEA/AFP/Getty Images63of127TOPSHOT - A submerged car is seen on Interstate 610 North on August 27, 2017 in Houston as the city battles with tropical storm Harvey and resulting floods. / AFP PHOTO / Thomas B. Shea
(Photo credit should read THOMAS B. SHEA/AFP/Getty Images)Photo: THOMAS B. SHEA/AFP/Getty Images64of127HOUSTON, TX - AUGUST 27:
People push a truck down a flooded street after the area was inundated with flooding from Hurricane Harvey on August 27, 2017 in Houston, Texas. Harvey, which made landfall north of Corpus Christi late Friday evening, is expected to dump upwards to 40 inches of rain in Texas over the next couple of days.
(Photo by Joe Raedle/Getty Images)Photo: Joe Raedle/Getty Images65of127HOUSTON, TX - AUGUST 27:
Mario Qua holds Wilson Qua as they evacuate their flooded home after the area was inundated with flooding from Hurricane Harvey on August 27, 2017 in Houston, Texas. Harvey, which made landfall north of Corpus Christi late Friday evening, is expected to dump upwards to 40 inches of rain in Texas over the next couple of days.
(Photo by Joe Raedle/Getty Images)Photo: Joe Raedle/Getty Images66of127HOUSTON, TX - AUGUST 27:
Naomi Coto carries Simba on her shoulders as they evacuate their home after the area was inundated with flooding from Hurricane Harvey on August 27, 2017 in Houston, Texas. Harvey, which made landfall north of Corpus Christi late Friday evening, is expected to dump upwards to 40 inches of rain in Texas over the next couple of days.
(Photo by Joe Raedle/Getty Images)Photo: Joe Raedle/Getty Images67of127HOUSTON, TX - AUGUST 27:
People walk down a flooded street as they evacuate their homes after the area was inundated with flooding from Hurricane Harvey on August 27, 2017 in Houston, Texas. Harvey, which made landfall north of Corpus Christi late Friday evening, is expected to dump upwards to 40 inches of rain in Texas over the next couple of days.
(Photo by Joe Raedle/Getty Images)Photo: Joe Raedle/Getty Images68of127The State of Texas Emergency Command Center at DPS headquarters in Austin, Texas monitors Hurricane Harvey Sunday afternoon August 27, 2017. Tropical Storm Harvey lashed central Texas with torrential rains on Sunday, unleashing "catastrophic" floods after the megastorm -- the most powerful to hit the United States since 2005 -- left a deadly trail of devastation along the Gulf Coast. / AFP PHOTO / SUZANNE CORDEIRO
(Photo credit should read SUZANNE CORDEIRO/AFP/Getty Images)Photo: SUZANNE CORDEIRO/AFP/Getty Images69of127TOPSHOT - A man dodges a wake in flood waters during the aftermath of Hurricane Harvey August 27, 2017 in Houston, Texas. Hurricane Harvey left a trail of devastation after the most powerful storm to hit the US mainland in over a decade slammed into Texas, destroying homes, severing power supplies and forcing tens of thousands of residents to flee. / AFP PHOTO / Brendan Smialowski
(Photo credit should read BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI/AFP/Getty Images)Photo: BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI/AFP/Getty Images70of127A boat passes through a flooded street during the aftermath of Hurricane Harvey on August 27, 2017 in Houston, Texas. Hurricane Harvey left a trail of devastation after the most powerful storm to hit the US mainland in over a decade slammed into Texas, destroying homes, severing power supplies and forcing tens of thousands of residents to flee. / AFP PHOTO / Brendan Smialowski
(Photo credit should read BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI/AFP/Getty Images)Photo: BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI/AFP/Getty Images71of127Evacuees from Hurricane Harvey take shelter at the Delco Center in east Austin, Texas on Sunday, August 27, 2017. The Red Cross says they currently have 185 people but if needed, are prepared to handle 350 people at this location. Tropical Storm Harvey lashed central Texas with torrential rains on Sunday, unleashing "catastrophic" floods after the megastorm -- the most powerful to hit the United States since 2005 -- left a deadly trail of devastation along the Gulf Coast. / AFP PHOTO / SUZANNE CORDEIRO
(Photo credit should read SUZANNE CORDEIRO/AFP/Getty Images)Photo: SUZANNE CORDEIRO/AFP/Getty Images72of127A woman is helped out of a Houston Police dive team boat after being rescued from the Meyerland area during the aftermath of Hurricane Harvey August 27, 2017 in Houston, Texas. Hurricane Harvey left a trail of devastation Saturday after the most powerful storm to hit the US mainland in over a decade slammed into Texas, destroying homes, severing power supplies and forcing tens of thousands of residents to flee. / AFP PHOTO / Brendan Smialowski
(Photo credit should read BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI/AFP/Getty Images)Photo: BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI/AFP/Getty Images73of127Evacuation residents from the Meyerland wait on an I-610 overpass for further help during the aftermath of Hurricane Harvey August 27, 2017 in Houston, Texas. Hurricane Harvey left a trail of devastation Saturday after the most powerful storm to hit the US mainland in over a decade slammed into Texas, destroying homes, severing power supplies and forcing tens of thousands of residents to flee. / AFP PHOTO / Brendan Smialowski
(Photo credit should read BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI/AFP/Getty Images)Photo: BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI/AFP/Getty Images74of127People wait in a city dump truck on an I-610 overpass for evacuation during the aftermath of Hurricane Harvey August 27, 2017 in Houston, Texas. Hurricane Harvey left a trail of devastation Saturday after the most powerful storm to hit the US mainland in over a decade slammed into Texas, destroying homes, severing power supplies and forcing tens of thousands of residents to flee. / AFP PHOTO / Brendan Smialowski
(Photo credit should read BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI/AFP/Getty Images)Photo: BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI/AFP/Getty Images75of127TOPSHOT - Evacuation residents from the Meyerland wait on an I-610 overpass for further help during the aftermath of Hurricane Harvey August 27, 2017 in Houston, Texas. Hurricane Harvey left a trail of devastation Saturday after the most powerful storm to hit the US mainland in over a decade slammed into Texas, destroying homes, severing power supplies and forcing tens of thousands of residents to flee. / AFP PHOTO / Brendan Smialowski
(Photo credit should read BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI/AFP/Getty Images)Photo: BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI/AFP/Getty Images76of127A house is flooded in east Pearland, on August 27, 2017 as the US fourth city city battles with tropical storm Harvey and resulting floods. / AFP PHOTO / Thomas B. Shea
(Photo credit should read THOMAS B. SHEA/AFP/Getty Images)Photo: THOMAS B. SHEA/AFP/Getty Images77of127TOPSHOT - A man carries his belonging as he walks through the flooded waters on Telephone Rd. in Houston on August 27, 2017 as the US fourth city city battles with tropical storm Harvey and resulting floods. / AFP PHOTO / Thomas B. Shea
(Photo credit should read THOMAS B. SHEA/AFP/Getty Images)Photo: THOMAS B. SHEA/AFP/Getty Images78of127TOPSHOT - People walk through the flooded waters of Telephone Rd. in Houston on August 27, 2017 as the US fourth city city battles with tropical storm Harvey and resulting floods. / AFP PHOTO / Thomas B. Shea
(Photo credit should read THOMAS B. SHEA/AFP/Getty Images)Photo: THOMAS B. SHEA/AFP/Getty Images79of127A man carries his belonging as he walks through the flooded waters on Telephone Rd. in Houston on August 27, 2017 as the US fourth city city battles with tropical storm Harvey and resulting floods. / AFP PHOTO / Thomas B. Shea
(Photo credit should read THOMAS B. SHEA/AFP/Getty Images)Photo: THOMAS B. SHEA/AFP/Getty Images80of127A man powers his boat with a leaf blower as he floats around flood water on Apple Street in Pearland on August 27, 2017 as the US fourth city city battles with tropical storm Harvey and resulting floods. / AFP PHOTO / Thomas B. Shea
(Photo credit should read THOMAS B. SHEA/AFP/Getty Images)Photo: THOMAS B. SHEA/AFP/Getty Images81of127A man connects a tube to his exhaust as he tries to escape
the flooded waters on Telephone Rd. in Houston on August 27, 2017 as the US fourth city city battles with tropical storm Harvey and resulting floods. / AFP PHOTO / Thomas B. Shea
(Photo credit should read THOMAS B. SHEA/AFP/Getty Images)Photo: THOMAS B. SHEA/AFP/Getty Images82of127Cars try to dive through the flooded waters of Telephone Rd. in Houston on August 27, 2017 as the US fourth city city battles with tropical storm Harvey and resulting floods. / AFP PHOTO / Thomas B. Shea
(Photo credit should read THOMAS B. SHEA/AFP/Getty Images)Photo: THOMAS B. SHEA/AFP/Getty Images83of127People walk through the flooded waters of Telephone Rd. in Houston on August 27, 2017 as the US fourth city city battles with tropical storm Harvey and resulting floods. / AFP PHOTO / Thomas B. Shea
(Photo credit should read THOMAS B. SHEA/AFP/Getty Images)Photo: THOMAS B. SHEA/AFP/Getty Images84of127An advertisement for land is seen in floodwaters during the aftermath of Hurricane Harvey August 27, 2017 in Pearland, Texas. Hurricane Harvey left a trail of devastation Saturday after the most powerful storm to hit the US mainland in over a decade slammed into Texas, destroying homes, severing power supplies and forcing tens of thousands of residents to flee. / AFP PHOTO / Brendan Smialowski
(Photo credit should read BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI/AFP/Getty Images)Photo: BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI/AFP/Getty Images85of127A couple looks at floodwater on Route 288 during the aftermath of Hurricane Harvey August 27, 2017 in Houston, Texas. Hurricane Harvey left a trail of devastation Saturday after the most powerful storm to hit the US mainland in over a decade slammed into Texas, destroying homes, severing power supplies and forcing tens of thousands of residents to flee. / AFP PHOTO / Brendan Smialowski
(Photo credit should read BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI/AFP/Getty Images)Photo: BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI/AFP/Getty Images86of127HOUSTON, TX - AUGUST 27:
Andrew White (L) helps a neighbor down a street after rescuing her from her home in his boat in the upscale River Oaks neighborhood after it was inundated with flooding from Hurricane Harvey on August 27, 2017 in Houston, Texas. Harvey, which made landfall north of Corpus Christi late Friday evening, is expected to dump upwards to 40 inches of rain in Texas over the next couple of days.
(Photo by Scott Olson/Getty Images)Photo: Scott Olson/Getty Images87of127TOPSHOT - A graveyard is seen as it floods during the aftermath of Hurricane Harvey August 27, 2017 in Pearland, Texas. Hurricane Harvey left a trail of devastation Saturday after the most powerful storm to hit the US mainland in over a decade slammed into Texas, destroying homes, severing power supplies and forcing tens of thousands of residents to flee. / AFP PHOTO / Brendan Smialowski
(Photo credit should read BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI/AFP/Getty Images)Photo: BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI/AFP/Getty Images88of127A homeless man seeks shelter from the rain in the aftermath of Hurricane Harvey August 27, 2017 in Houston, Texas. Hurricane Harvey left a trail of devastation Saturday after the most powerful storm to hit the US mainland in over a decade slammed into Texas, destroying homes, severing power supplies and forcing tens of thousands of residents to flee. / AFP PHOTO / Brendan Smialowski
(Photo credit should read BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI/AFP/Getty Images)Photo: BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI/AFP/Getty Images89of127HOUSTON, TX - AUGUST 27 2017:
Tropical Storm Harvey creates epic flooding throughout Houston and Southeast Texas.
(Photo by Robert Gauthier/Los Angeles Times via Getty Images)Photo: Robert Gauthier/Los Angeles Times90of127Local resident Kathy Neihaet walks through her damaged neighborhood after Hurricane Harvey hit Port Aransas, Texas on August 27, 2017 Hurricane Harvey hit the Texas coast with forecasters saying its possible for up to three feet of rain and 125 mpg wind. / AFP PHOTO / MARK RALSTON
(Photo credit should read MARK RALSTON/AFP/Getty Images)Photo: MARK RALSTON/AFP/Getty Images91of127TOPSHOT - A sunken boat lies submerged in front houses after Hurricane Harvey hit Port Aransas, Texas on August 27, 2017.
Hurricane Harvey hit the Texas coast with forecasters saying its possible for up to three feet of rain and 125 mpg wind. / AFP PHOTO / MARK RALSTON
(Photo credit should read MARK RALSTON/AFP/Getty Images)Photo: MARK RALSTON/AFP/Getty Images92of127People push a disabled car during the aftermath of Hurricane Harvey August 27, 2017 in Houston, Texas. Hurricane Harvey left a trail of devastation Saturday after the most powerful storm to hit the US mainland in over a decade slammed into Texas, destroying homes, severing power supplies and forcing tens of thousands of residents to flee. / AFP PHOTO / Brendan Smialowski
(Photo credit should read BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI/AFP/Getty Images)Photo: BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI/AFP/Getty Images93of127People walk dogs through flooded streets as the effects of Hurricane Harvey are seen August 27, 2017 in Galveston, Texas. Hurricane Harvey left a trail of devastation Saturday after the most powerful storm to hit the US mainland in over a decade slammed into Texas, destroying homes, severing power supplies and forcing tens of thousands of residents to flee. / AFP PHOTO / Brendan Smialowski
(Photo credit should read BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI/AFP/Getty Images)Photo: BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI/AFP/Getty Images94of127TOPSHOT - Hurricane Harvey damage is seen in Bayside, TX
August 26, 2017.
/ AFP PHOTO / Daniel KRAMER
(Photo credit should read DANIEL KRAMER/AFP/Getty Images)Photo: DANIEL KRAMER/AFP/Getty Images95of127ROCKPORT, TX - AUGUST 27:
Robert Grant and Rocky from the Texas Task Force 2 search and rescue team work through a destroyed apartment complex trying to find anyone that still may be in the apartment complex after Hurricane Harvey passed through on August 27, 2017 in Rockport, Texas. Harvey made landfall shortly after 11 p.m. Friday, just north of Port Aransas as a Category 4 storm and is being reported as the strongest hurricane to hit the United States since Wilma in 2005. Forecasts call for as much as 30 inches of rain to fall in the next few days.
(Photo by Joe Raedle/Getty Images)Photo: Joe Raedle/Getty Images96of127TOPSHOT - People walk dogs through flooded streets as the effects of Hurricane Harvey are seen August 27, 2017 in Galveston, Texas. Hurricane Harvey left a trail of devastation Saturday after the most powerful storm to hit the US mainland in over a decade slammed into Texas, destroying homes, severing power supplies and forcing tens of thousands of residents to flee. / AFP PHOTO / Brendan Smialowski
(Photo credit should read BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI/AFP/Getty Images)Photo: BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI/AFP/Getty Images97of127TOPSHOT - A mobile home lies split open in the Paradise Lagoons RV Resort on August 26, 2017 in Aransas Pass, TX following passage of Hurricane Harvey.
/ AFP PHOTO / Daniel KRAMER
(Photo credit should read DANIEL KRAMER/AFP/Getty Images)Photo: DANIEL KRAMER/AFP/Getty Images98of127ROCKPORT, TX - AUGUST 26:
Aaron Tobias who said he lost everything stands in what is left of his home
after Hurricane Harvey blew in and destroyed most of the house on August 26, 2017 in Rockport, Texas. Mr. Tobias said he was able to get his wife and kids out before the storm arrived but he stayed there and rode it out. Harvey made landfall shortly after 11 p.m. Friday, just north of Port Aransas as a Category 4 storm and is being reported as the strongest hurricane to hit the United States since Wilma in 2005. Forecasts call for as much as 30 inches of rain to fall in the next few days
(Photo by Joe Raedle/Getty Images)Photo: Joe Raedle/Getty Images99of127TOPSHOT - A big rig lies on it's side on Hwy 59 near Edna, Texas, south of Houston, in the aftermath of Hurricane Harvey on August 26, 2017.
/ AFP PHOTO / Daniel KRAMER
(Photo credit should read DANIEL KRAMER/AFP/Getty Images)Photo: DANIEL KRAMER/AFP/Getty Images100of127Damage to a store after Hurricane Harvey hit Rockport, Texas on August 26, 2017. / AFP PHOTO / MARK RALSTON
(Photo credit should read MARK RALSTON/AFP/Getty Images)Photo: MARK RALSTON/AFP/Getty Images101of127TOPSHOT - A motorhome lies flipped on it's side near Victoria, Texas in the aftermath of Hurricane Harvey on August 26, 2017.
/ AFP PHOTO / Daniel KRAMER
(Photo credit should read DANIEL KRAMER/AFP/Getty Images)Photo: DANIEL KRAMER/AFP/Getty Images102of127ROCKPORT, TX - AUGUST 26:
An airplane is seen flipped on its roof at the Aransas County Airport after Hurricane Harvey passed through on August 26, 2017 in Rockport, Texas. Harvey made landfall shortly after 11 p.m. Friday, just north of Port Aransas as a Category 4 storm and is being reported as the strongest hurricane to hit the United States since Wilma in 2005. Forecasts call for as much as 30 inches of rain to fall in the next few days
(Photo by Joe Raedle/Getty Images)Photo: Joe Raedle/Getty Images103of127TOPSHOT - Celina Martinez returns to find her family home badly damaged after Hurricane Harvey hit Rockport, Texas on August 26, 2017. / AFP PHOTO / MARK RALSTON
(Photo credit should read MARK RALSTON/AFP/Getty Images)Photo: MARK RALSTON/AFP/Getty Images104of127TOPSHOT - Damage to the First Baptist Church of Rockport after Hurricane Harvey hit Rockport, Texas on August 26, 2017.
/ AFP PHOTO / MARK RALSTON
(Photo credit should read MARK RALSTON/AFP/Getty Images)Photo: MARK RALSTON/AFP/Getty Images105of127ROCKPORT, TX - AUGUST 26:
Boats are seen tossed around after Hurricane Harvey passed through on August 26, 2017 in Rockport, Texas. Harvey made landfall shortly after 11 p.m. Friday, just north of Port Aransas as a Category 4 storm and is being reported as the strongest hurricane to hit the United States since Wilma in 2005. Forecasts call for as much as 30 inches of rain to fall in the next few days.
(Photo by Joe Raedle/Getty Images)Photo: Joe Raedle/Getty Images106of127TOPSHOT - Damaged boats in a multi-level storage facility are seen following passage of Hurricane Harvey at Rockport, Texas on August 26, 2017.
/ AFP PHOTO / MARK RALSTON
(Photo credit should read MARK RALSTON/AFP/Getty Images)Photo: MARK RALSTON/AFP/Getty Images107of127TOPSHOT - Cars are seen below a collapsed shelter following the passage of Hurricane Harvey on August 26, 2017 in Galveston, Texas. / AFP PHOTO / Brendan Smialowski
(Photo credit should read BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI/AFP/Getty Images)Photo: BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI/AFP/Getty Images108of127TOPSHOT - People make their way down partially flooded roads following the passage of Hurricane Harvey on August 26, 2017 in Galveston, Texas. / AFP PHOTO / Brendan Smialowski
(Photo credit should read BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI/AFP/Getty Images)Photo: BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI/AFP/Getty Images109of127Vehicles drive through a flooded street as the effects of Hurricane Harvey are seen August 26, 2017 in Galveston, Texas. Hurricane Harvey left a trail of devastation Saturday after the most powerful storm to hit the US mainland in over a decade slammed into Texas, destroying homes, severing power supplies and forcing tens of thousands of residents to flee. / AFP PHOTO / Brendan Smialowski / The erroneous mention[s] appearing in the metadata of this photo by Brendan Smialowski has been modified in AFP systems in the following manner:
[Hurricane Harvey] instead of [Hurricane Henry]. Please immediately remove the erroneous mention[s] from all your online services and delete it from your servers. If you have been authorized by AFP to distribute it to third parties, please ensure that the same actions are carried out by them. Failure to promptly comply with these instructions will entail liability on your part for any continued or post notification usage. Therefore we thank you very much for all your attention and prompt action. We are sorry for the inconvenience this notification may cause and remain at your disposal for any further information you may require.
(Photo credit should read BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI/AFP/Getty Images)Photo: BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI/AFP/Getty Images110of127People walk dogs through flooded streets as the effects of Hurricane Harvey are seen August 27, 2017 in Galveston, Texas. Hurricane Harvey left a trail of devastation Saturday after the most powerful storm to hit the US mainland in over a decade slammed into Texas, destroying homes, severing power supplies and forcing tens of thousands of residents to flee. / AFP PHOTO / Brendan Smialowski
(Photo credit should read BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI/AFP/Getty Images)Photo: BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI/AFP/Getty Images111of127A woman walks a dog as the effects of Hurricane Harvey are seen August 26, 2017 in Galveston, Texas. Hurricane Harvey left a trail of devastation Saturday after the most powerful storm to hit the US mainland in over a decade slammed into Texas, destroying homes, severing power supplies and forcing tens of thousands of residents to flee. / AFP PHOTO / Brendan Smialowski / The erroneous mention appearing in the metadata of this photo by Brendan Smialowski has been modified in AFP systems in the following manner: [Hurricane Harvey] instead of [Hurricane Henry]. Please immediately remove the erroneous mention from all your online services and delete it from your servers. If you have been authorized by AFP to distribute it to third parties, please ensure that the same actions are carried out by them. Failure to promptly comply with these instructions will entail liability on your part for any continued or post notification usage. Therefore we thank you very much for all your attention and prompt action. We are sorry for the inconvenience this notification may cause and remain at your disposal for any further information you may require.
(Photo credit should read BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI/AFP/Getty Images)Photo: BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI/AFP/Getty Images112of127Brad Matheney offers help to a man in a wheelchair in a flooded street while Hurricane Harvey passes through Texas August 26, 2017 in Galveston, Texas. Hurricane Harvey left a trail of devastation Saturday after the most powerful storm to hit the US mainland in over a decade slammed into Texas, destroying homes, severing power supplies and forcing tens of thousands of residents to flee. / AFP PHOTO / Brendan Smialowski / The erroneous mention[s] appearing in the metadata of this photo by Brendan Smialowski has been modified in AFP systems in the following manner: [Hurricane Harvey] instead of [Hurricane Henrey]. Please immediately remove the erroneous mention[s] from all your online services and delete it (them) from your servers. If you have been authorized by AFP to distribute it (them) to third parties, please ensure that the same actions are carried out by them. Failure to promptly comply with these instructions will entail liability on your part for any continued or post notification usage. Therefore we thank you very much for all your attention and prompt action. We are sorry for the inconvenience this notification may cause and remain at your disposal for any further information you may require. / The erroneous mention[s] appearing in the metadata of this photo by Brendan Smialowski has been modified in AFP systems in the following manner: [Hurricaner Harvey] instead of [Hurricane Henry]. Please immediately remove the erroneous mention[s] from all your online services and delete it from your servers. If you have been authorized by AFP to distribute it to third parties, please ensure that the same actions are carried out by them. Failure to promptly comply with these instructions will entail liability on your part for any continued or post notification usage. Therefore we thank you very much for all your...
Photo: BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI/AFP/Getty Images113of127TOPSHOT - People walk through flooded streets as the effects of Hurricane Harvey are seen August 26, 2017 in Galveston, Texas. Hurricane Harvey left a trail of devastation Saturday after the most powerful storm to hit the US mainland in over a decade slammed into Texas, destroying homes, severing power supplies and forcing tens of thousands of residents to flee. / AFP PHOTO / Brendan Smialowski / The erroneous mention[s] appearing in the metadata of this photo by Brendan Smialowski has been modified in AFP systems in the following manner: [Hurricane Harvey] instead of [Hurricane Henry]. Please immediately remove the erroneous mention from all your online services and delete it from your servers. If you have been authorized by AFP to distribute it to third parties, please ensure that the same actions are carried out by them. Failure to promptly comply with these instructions will entail liability on your part for any continued or post notification usage. Therefore we thank you very much for all your attention and prompt action. We are sorry for the inconvenience this notification may cause and remain at your disposal for any further information you may require.
(Photo credit should read BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI/AFP/Getty Images)Photo: BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI/AFP/Getty Images114of127HOUSTON, TX - AUGUST 26:
Wind from Hurricane Harvey batters a Texas flag on August 26, 2017 in Houston, Texas. Harvey, which made landfall north of Corpus Christi late last night, is expected to dump upwards to 40 inches of rain in Texas over the next couple of days.
(Photo by Scott Olson/Getty Images)Photo: Scott Olson/Getty Images115of127GALVESTON, TX - AUGUST 26:
A resident looks over a street flooded by rain from Hurricane Harvey on August 26, 2017 in Galveston, Texas. Harvey, which made landfall north of Corpus Christi late last night, is expected to dump upwards to 40 inches of rain in Texas over the next couple of days.
(Photo by Scott Olson/Getty Images)Photo: Scott Olson/Getty Images116of127GALVESTON, TX - AUGUST 26:
Residents walk along a street flooded by rain from Hurricane Harvey on August 26, 2017 in Galveston, Texas. Harvey, which made landfall north of Corpus Christi late last night, is expected to dump upwards to 40 inches of rain in Texas over the next couple of days.
(Photo by Scott Olson/Getty Images)Photo: Scott Olson/Getty Images117of127ROCKPORT, TX - AUGUST 26: Lee Guerrero tries to kick open a door of an apartment after hearing his friends say they were hiding in the shower stall and were okay after Hurricane Harvey destroyed the apartment on August 26, 2017 in Rockport, Texas. Harvey made landfall shortly after 11 p.m. Friday, just north of Port Aransas as a Category 4 storm and is being reported as the strongest hurricane to hit the United States since Wilma in 2005. Forecasts call for as much as 30 inches of rain to fall in the next few days. (Photo by Joe Raedle/Getty Images)Photo: Joe Raedle/Getty Images118of127TOPSHOT - A lies abandoned after heavy damage when Hurricane Harvey hit Rockport, Texas on August 26, 2017.
Hurricane Harvey slammed into the Texas coast late Friday, unleashing torrents of rain and packing powerful winds, the first major storm to hit the US mainland in 12 years. / AFP PHOTO / MARK RALSTON
(Photo credit should read MARK RALSTON/AFP/Getty Images)Photo: MARK RALSTON/AFP/Getty Images119of127ROCKPORT, TX - AUGUST 26:
A Rockport firefighter goes door to door on a search and rescue mission as he looks for people that may need help after Hurricane Harvey passed through on August 26, 2017 in Rockport, Texas. Harvey made landfall shortly after 11 p.m. Friday, just north of Port Aransas as a Category 4 storm and is being reported as the strongest hurricane to hit the United States since Wilma in 2005. Forecasts call for as much as 30 inches of rain to fall in the next few days. (Photo by Joe Raedle/Getty Images)Photo: Joe Raedle/Getty Images120of127ROCKPORT, TX - AUGUST 26:
A damaged home is seen after Hurricane Harvey passed through on August 26, 2017 in Rockport, Texas. Harvey made landfall shortly after 11 p.m. Friday, just north of Port Aransas as a Category 4 storm and is being reported as the strongest hurricane to hit the United States since Wilma in 2005. Forecasts call for as much as 30 inches of rain to fall in the next few days. (Photo by Joe Raedle/Getty Images)Photo: Joe Raedle/Getty Images121of127ROCKPORT, TX - AUGUST 26:
Terry Smith stands in the kitchen as Henry McKay sleeps in the apartment where the ceiling collapse when Hurricane Harvey hit on August 26, 2017 in Rockport, Texas. Ms. Smith said she has never been as terrified in her life as when the winds started roaring through town. Harvey made landfall shortly after 11 p.m. Friday, just north of Port Aransas as a Category 4 storm and is being reported as the strongest hurricane to hit the United States since Wilma in 2005. Forecasts call for as much as 30 inches of rain to fall in the next few days. (Photo by Joe Raedle/Getty Images)Photo: Joe Raedle/Getty Images122of127ROCKPORT, TX - AUGUST 26:
Daisy Graham reacts to the news that a friend of hers may still be in an apartment that
was destroyed by Hurricane Harvey on August 26, 2017 in Rockport, Texas. The friends were found alive but still hiding in the shower stall after the homes roof was blown off and walls blown in by the high winds. Harvey made landfall shortly after 11 p.m. Friday, just north of Port Aransas as a Category 4 storm and is being reported as the strongest hurricane to hit the United States since Wilma in 2005. Forecasts call for as much as 30 inches of rain to fall by next Wednesday.
(Photo by Joe Raedle/Getty Images)Photo: Joe Raedle/Getty Images123of127UNITED STATES, GULF COAST - AUGUST 25: In this NASA handout image, Hurricane Harvey is photographed aboard the International Space Station as it intensified on its way toward the Texas coast on August 25, 2017. The Expedition 52 crew on the station has been tracking this storm for the past two days and capturing Earth observation photographs and videos from their vantage point in low Earth orbit.Now at category 4 strength, Harvey's maximum sustained winds had increased to 130 miles per hour. (Photo by NASA via Getty Images)Photo: NASA/Getty Images124of127ROCKPORT, TX - AUGUST 26:
Donna Raney makes her way out of the wreckage of her home as Daisy Graham tells her she will help her out of the window after Hurricane Harvey destroyed the apartment on August 26, 2017 in Rockport, Texas. Donna was hiding in the shower after the roof blew off and the walls of her home caved in by the winds of
Hurricane Harvey. Harvey made landfall shortly after 11 p.m. Friday, just north of Port Aransas as a Category 4 storm and is being reported as the strongest hurricane to hit the United States since Wilma in 2005. Forecasts call for as much as 30 inches of rain to fall by next Wednesday.
(Photo by Joe Raedle/Getty Images)Photo: Joe Raedle/Getty Images125of127ROCKPORT, TX - AUGUST 26: Jessica Campbell hugs Jonathan Fitzgerald (L-R) after riding out Hurricane Harvey in an apartment on August 26, 2017 in Rockport, Texas.
Jessica said is became very scary once Hurricane Harvey hit their town. Harvey made landfall shortly after 11 p.m. Friday, just north of Port Aransas as a Category 4 storm and is being reported as the strongest hurricane to hit the United States since Wilma in 2005. Forecasts call for as much as 30 inches of rain to fall by next Wednesday.
(Photo by Joe Raedle/Getty Images)Photo: Joe Raedle/Getty Images126of127A burnt out house and cars that caught fire are seen after Hurricane Harvey hit Corpus Christi, Texas on August 26, 2017.
Hurricane Harvey slammed into the Texas coast late Friday, unleashing torrents of rain and packing powerful winds, the first major storm to hit the US mainland in 12 years. / AFP PHOTO / MARK RALSTON
(Photo credit should read MARK RALSTON/AFP/Getty Images)Photo: MARK RALSTON/AFP/Getty Images127of127A burnt out house that caught fire after Hurricane Harvey hit Corpus Christi, Texas is seen on August 26, 2017.
Hurricane Harvey hit the Texas coast with forecasters saying its possible for up to 3 feet of rain and 125 mph winds. / AFP PHOTO / MARK RALSTON
(Photo credit should read MARK RALSTON/AFP/Getty Images)Photo: MARK RALSTON/AFP/Getty Images
Beyoncé is following up on her promise "to help as many as we can" in the wake of Hurricane Harvey.
The Houston native launched BeyGOOD Houston on Thursday, an initiative that is reaching out directly to local residents affected by the historic storm.
"Join us as the BeyGOOD team heads to Houston to continue our relief efforts on the ground," reads a statement on the site.
"We have teamed up with Bread of Life and Greater Houston Community Foundation, who have been working with the displaced from the start of Hurricane Harvey's landfall."
MUSIC HEALS: Houston musicians and performers organize Hurricane Harvey relief concerts
BeyGOOD is asking people to donate money to either organization, which will be used for "long-term revitalization" and for immediate purchases, including cots, blankets and pillows, baby products, feminine products and wheelchairs.
Beyoncé told the Chronicle exclusively earlier this week that she was working with BeyGOOD Pastor Rudy Rasmus at St. John's in downtown Houston.
"My heart goes out to my hometown, Houston, and I remain in constant prayer for those affected and for the rescuers who have been so brave and determined to do so much to help," she said.
Most Popular
TMC hospitals, hit by COVID surge, exceed base ICU capacity for first time since summer
STAAR exams will be given in spring 2021, but A-through-F grades nixed for Texas schools
Daughter of Houston attorney dies in Florida shooting
Texas 105 expected to open Friday morning after gas leak
Texas Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick plans to counter Democratic wins at ballot box
Houston Fifth Ward agency approves massive development deal
Houston GLO frees up $10M in Harvey relief funds to reimburse Houstonians who...
Houston Failing Pasadena ISD kids won’t immediately lose online classes
Crime HPD homicide division to get more investigators as murders spike
Health TMC hospitals again exceed base ICU capacity with COVID patients
Crime HPD: Man found dead in west Houston
Crime Man's body found in south Houston
Crime Man found shot to death in Harris County apartment parking lot