http://www.myfuture.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Myfuture.com™ (hereinafter referred to as “this site”) is provided as a public
service by the Office of the Secretary of Defense, the Defense Human Resources
Activity (DHRA) and the Office of People Analytics: Joint Advertising, Market
Research & Studies (JAMRS) program.
Information presented on this site not identified as protected by copyright is
considered public information and may be distributed or copied. Use of
appropriate byline, photo and image credits is requested.
This U.S. government computer system uses software programs to create summary
statistics that are used for such purposes as assessing what information is of
most and least interest, determining technical design specifications, and
identifying system performance or problem areas. For this site management,
information is collected via Tier 1 (single-session) and Tier 2 (multi-session)
cookies for statistical purposes. Cookies are small data files that are stored
on your computer to pass information back and forth between your computer and
the site server. They can be encoded with any type of textual data, but most
commonly contain a name/value pair, expiration date, path, domain name and
encryption information, as shown in this example:
NameSet-Cookie: RMID=732423sdfs73242;
Expiration Date:expires=Fri, 31-Dec-2020 23:59:59 GMT;
Path:path=/;
Domain:domain=doubleclick.net
This site additionally utilizes page tagging during media activity. Page
tags act like single-session cookies, combining an ID with an IP address and
time stamp to match up site activity to media impressions and clicks.
Web measurement and customization technologies (WMCT) are used on this site
to remember your online interactions, conduct measurement and analysis of
usage, or to customize your experience. Third-party vendors Google, Adobe
Omniture and DoubleClick are all utilized as part of this site’s measurement
and customization process. This site does not connect WMCT data to personally
identifiable information (PII). Collected WMCT data is retained for a maximum
of three years and adheres to all privacy safeguards required by DoD
Instruction 8550.01 Internet Services and Internet-Based Capabilities. The
Department of Defense does not use the information associated with WMCT to
track individual user activity on the internet outside of Defense Department
websites, nor does it share the data obtained through such technologies,
without your explicit consent, with other departments or agencies. The
Department of Defense does not keep a database of information obtained from
the use of WMCT. Per industry standard, WMCT is deployed by default on this
site. Instructions for how you may opt out of some of the most commonly used
WMCT are available at
https://www.usa.gov/optout-instructions.
Opting out still permits users to access comparable information or services
on this site.
Except for authorized law enforcement investigations and national security
purposes, no other attempts are made to identify individual users or their
usage habits beyond DoD websites. Raw data logs are used for no other purposes
and are scheduled for regular destruction in accordance with National
Archives and Records Administration Guidelines.
For site security purposes and to ensure that this site remains available to
all users, software programs are employed to monitor network traffic to
identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise
cause damage. Unauthorized attempts to upload information or change
information on this site are strictly prohibited and may be punishable under
the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 (18 U.S.C. § 1030) and the National
Information Infrastructure Protection Act.
If you have any questions or comments about the information presented or want
to report technical issues, including accessibility problems, please forward
them to admin@myfuture.com.