http://www.inklesstales.com/privacy.shtml
Inkless Tales
Stories | Poems | Games | Downloads | Coloring Pages
| Finger Puppet Theater
| And More...
Inkless Tales Privacy Policy :: We are serious about protecting the privacy of children.
To Do Together:
Recipes
Crafts with parents
Downloads
Coloring Pages
From the Editor
Just for Kids:
::> Stories
::> Poems
::> Games
::> Try This at Home (crafts and projects
for kids)
For Teachers:
:> Resources
:> Graphics
PRIVACY IS IMPORTANT!
Always check with a grownup before you go online!
Updated: February 21, 2011
Additional Privacy Policy, see HERE.
KIDS: Read our Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (C.O.P.P.A.) Statement here ::>>
:::::::::::::
Note from Elizabeth:
The following is a rather long and torturous document, intended to cover all bases, reassure all of you - particularly attorneys - and ensure this web site is in compliance with (a) privacy laws, and (b) children's privacy laws.
Between you and me, it's sort of unnecessary. I don't - and wouldn't ever - collect any identifying data from anyone outside of making a sale of a CD or anything else in the online store; I certainly wouldn't store it (where would I put it?); and as far as kids go, I'm probably more paranoid than YOU are about their safety online, considering one of the major reasons I BUILT this site was so kids (especially my own) would HAVE a safe place to grow, play and learn on the Internet.
Maybe a privacy policy is NOT unnecessary. I don't mind posting it; in fact, I'm happy to do it. Better safe than sorry, and if it means EVERYONE has to do it, I'm glad to get on board.
Please read it - or at least, skim it - and the law insists that I provide a phone number, in case you have any questions about your information.
I have absolutely NO problem with you calling me if you DO have a question - about your own information, or particularly your child's.
As the site grows, there probably WILL come a time when we will ask for more information, but you have my word on one very important area:
We will NEVER, EVER request ANY information from your child without THEIR GROWNUP being IN THE LOOP.
Your kids' privacy and safety online is as important to me as my own kids. That's saying a lot.
Sincerely,
Elizabeth Williams Bushey
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our hom page and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Inkless Tales site. On some pages, you can order products, send feedback, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages includes:
Name
Address
Email address
Phone number
Product Information
Credit/Debit Card Information (collected by PayPal.)
The Way We Use Information:
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
You can sign up at
our website if you would like to receive our newsletter.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and to share with potential advertisers. For example, we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our registration form, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
::-::-::-::
NEW (as of April 8, 2009) from Google (direct quote, bold face from Inkless Tales):
The DoubleClick DART cookie is used by Google in the ads served on publisher web sites displaying AdSense for content ads. When users visit an AdSense publisher's website and either view or click on an ad, a cookie may be dropped on that end user's browser. The data gathered from these cookies will be used to help AdSense publishers better serve and manage the ads on their site(s) and across the web.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this site.
Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to you based on your visit to this site and other sites on the Internet.
You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
This is the language Google suggests web site owners use:
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.
"Click here" takes you to a relatively easy-to-understand, but rather long, tutorial on Google's measures to preserve your privacy.
Here's another good link for you, though, from the Networking Advertising Initiative's "Self-Regulatory Guidelines." Since it's in advertising's own best interest to PROTECT your PRIVACY, or you won't visit web sites, they're not doing TOO bad a job. (FYI: this is a PDF, so be prepared.)
::-::-::-::
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Our Commitment To Children's Privacy:
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
If you have selected to be added to one of our newsletter lists, you should have recieved a confirmation email with instructions on how to be removed from that list at a later time, if you so wish.
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call
1-888-726-2752 or send us an email at info@inklesstales.com.
All materials ©
Elizabeth Bushey, except where otherwise indicated.
Contact Elizabeth Bushey |
About Elizabeth Bushey & InklessTales.com |
Newsletter: Sign up today! ::>
With fun ideas, helpful information, and even some creative recipes, the Inkless Tales Newsletter -- a monthly-ish production -- is a great way to keep up with what's going on here.
Teacher Resources
This ever-growing section of Inkless Tales is expanding constantly to address the needs of educators all over the country.
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
WRITE and LET US KNOW what YOU'D like to see! elizabeth@inklesstales.com
About Us | Site Map | Privacy Policy | Contact Us | Visitor Agreement | ©2007 Inkless Tales