http://www.uscourts.gov/rules-policies/judiciary-policies/proposed-changes-code-conduct-judges-judicial-conduct-disability-rules
Skip to main navigation
Main content
Proposed Changes to Code of Conduct for U.S. Judges and Judicial Conduct and Disability Rules
The Code of Conduct for U.S. Judges and the Judicial Conduct and Disability Rules were revised March 12, 2019 after public comment and approval by the Judicial Conference. Review the proposed changes or read the public comments and witness statements, and watch the public hearing.
Code of Conduct for U.S. Judges (Code) (effective March 12, 2019)
Rules for Judicial-Conduct and Judicial-Disability Proceedings (JC&D Rules) (effective March 12, 2019)
The March 12, 2019 changes responded to recommendations provided in the June 1, 2018 Report of the Federal Judiciary Workplace Conduct Working Group (pdf).
On September 13, 2018, the Judicial Conference committees on Codes of Conduct and Judicial Conduct and Disability released for public comment proposed changes to the Code of Conduct for U.S. Judges (Code) (pdf) and the Rules for Judicial-Conduct and Judicial-Disability Proceedings (JC&D Rules) (pdf). The committees held a public hearing on the proposed changes to the Code and JC&D Rules on October 30, 2018, and received comments on the proposed changes.
Public Comments
The committees on Codes of Conduct and Judicial Conduct and Disability considered submissions related to the proposed changes to the Code and the JC&D Rules. Review comments received by the committees.
Watch the Public Hearing
The committees on Codes of Conduct and Judicial Conduct and Disability held a public hearing on the proposed changes to the Code and JC&D Rules on October 30, 2018 in Washington, D.C.
Watch the video on demand below. Review the witness statements.
Witness List (pdf)
Video of Public Hearing: Proposed Changes to Judges’ Code of Conduct &amp; Judicial Conduct and Disability Rules
Watch the public hearing on the proposed changes to the Code of Conduct for U.S. Judges and the Judicial Conduct and Disability Rules held on Oct. 30, 2018.
Rules & Policies
Judiciary PoliciesBankruptcy Case Policies
CJA Guidelines
Court Interpreting Guidance
Court Reporting Guidance
Ethics Policies
Fair Employment Practices Policy
Federal Tort Claims
Fraud, Waste, or Abuse Policy
Garnishment Regulations
Judiciary Staff Travel Regulations
Portable Communication Devices
Privacy Policy for Electronic Case Files
Procurement Policies
Subpoena Regulations
Confidentiality Regulations for Pretrial Services Information
Proposed Changes to Code and JC&D Rules
Related Links
Workplace Conduct