http://www.calimero.com/cookie-policy
Cookie policy
Use of cookies
This website use cookies in order to make our services more efficient and simpler. When you use our website, a small amount of information in your device, such as small piece of text called “cookies”, is saved in your web browser directory. There are different types of cookies, but they are all used to make the website faster and easier and to give you extra functionalities.
Cookies make the interaction between users and websites faster and easier. In particular:
They allow you to proceed through different pages of our website.
Remember your username and choices.
They save time by automatically fill in the same information (such as username and password) during the same visit on our website.
Analyze the use of the website, to improve your experience and the website usability.
Personalize the website for you, including targeting advertisements which may be of particular interest to you.
There are different types of cookies. Here’s a list of the cookies that could be used in our website with a description of their use and their purpose.
Technical cookies
These cookies are necessary to make our website function correctly. Technical cookies may be either “persistent” cookies or “session” cookies. Without this type of cookies our website or parts of it may not work properly. They are use regardless of the user’s preferences. Technical cookies are always used, regardless the users’ preferences. These cookies are always sent from our domain.
Analytic cookies
Analytic cookies enable the monitoring and analysis of user’s behavior on our website. We use the collected information for statistical analysis, to improve and simplify our website, and for performance monitoring. This type of cookies collects information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors of the website, how visitors got to our website, the pages they visit and the duration of their stay on the website. Analytic cookies are sent from our domain or by third party domain.
Third party tracking cookies
These cookies are used to collect information about the users' surfing behavior within the website, keywords used to find our website, websites you visited and where you come from for marketing campaigns. We can use this information to file reports and improve our website. Cookies collect information in an anonymous form. This type of cookies could be sent from our website or by third party domain.
Advertising third party cookies
This type of cookies is used to feature content from a third party domain on our website (for example comments forms or social networks icons, which allow the users to share the content of the site). This type of cookies can be sent from our partners’ websites or from others domains that offer the same functionality of our website.
For technical cookies the users’ prior consent is not required, because they are necessary for the proper working of the website.
The use of other types of cookies requires the users’ consent, according to the official regulations, through browser settings and computer software or devices that users can use easily and clearly. We remind users that they can change their cookies preferences in every single moment. You're always free to block, delete or disable cookies from your browser, however, if you decline cookies or other similar technologies, you may not be able to take advantage of certain website features.
Third-party websites
This website contains links to third party websites that have their own terms of privacy policy. These privacy policies can be different from our privacy policy, and we are not responsible for policy of such third party.
Under the article 122 second paragraph of the legislative decree 196/2003 the user’s consent is implied by each one individual settings of the browser used for surfing on our website, the user is free to communicate in each moment to the holder of the site his will about all the information collected from cookies accepted by the browser.
How to disable cookies by setting your browser
Chrome
Open your Chrome browser
Go to the menu in the toolbar in your browser near the window for entering the url for surfing.
Click on Settings.
Click on Show Advanced Settings
In the section entitled "Privacy" click the button Content settings
In the section entitled "Cookie" you can change the following settings:
Allow local data to bet set
Keep local data until I quit my browser
Block sites from setting any data
Block third party cookies and site data
Merge exceptions
Delete all cookies and site data
For further information visit the dedicated page.
Mozilla Firefox
Open Mozilla Firefox web browser
Click on the menu in the toolbar in your browser near the window for entering the url for surfing.
Click Options
Select the Privacy panel
Click on Show Advanced Settings
Under “Privacy” click on “Content Settings”
In the “Tracking” section you can change the following settings:
Tell sites that I don’t want to be tracked
Tell sites I want to be tracked
Do not tell sites anything about my tracking preferences
In the section “History” you can:
Click on “Use Custom Settings” click on Accept third party cookies (always, never, from site) and keep until a chosen period (until they expire, when I quit Firefox, always ask me)
Clear history when Firefox closes
For further information visit the dedicated page.
Internet Explorer
Open Internet Explorer Browser
Click on “Tools” and select “Internet Options”
Select the Privacy tab and by sliding the bar you can chose how to change your settings:
Block all cookies from all websites
Enable all cookies from all website
Chose the site you want cookie from: slide the bar in an intermediate position, between allow all cookies and block all cookies, click on Sites, and in the check box Website Address write a website address and click on Block or Allow.
For further information visit the dedicated page.
Safari 6
Open Safari Browser
Click on Safari, select Preferences and click on Privacy
Under Block Cookie select how Safari has to accept or not cookies
To see which sites has used cookies click on Details
For further information visit the dedicated page.
Safari iOS (mobile devices)
Open Safari Browser iOS
Click on Settings and then click on Safari
Click on Block Cookies and choose between: “Never”, “From Visited” or “Always”
To clear existing cookies on Safari, click on Settings, then on Safari and finally click on Clear Cookies and Datas
For further information visit the dedicated page.
Opera
Open Opera Browser
Click on Preferences and then click on Advanced and then click on Cookies
Select one of the options:
Accept all cookies from all the sites
Accept only from the sites I visit: allows only cookies that are set by the Web site you are visiting, not by any other sites whose content is displayed in frames or via images on the current page
Never accept cookies: does not accept any cookies from any site.
This page is visible, through a link at the end of all the website pages under the article 122 second paragraph of the legislative decree 196/2003 and following the simplified procedures for the disclosure as well as the gaining of the consent for the use of cookies published in the Official Journal in June 2014 and the related record of the action n. 229 of 8th of May 2014.