http://www.lingozone.com/member/privacy.php
Welcome GuestLogin | Register
Home
My Friends
Games
My Vocabulary
Resources
Tell a Friend
Chat
Message Board
Privacy Statement
LingoZone.com is committed to maintaining the trust of our users. This statement explains how we collect information from you and what we do with that information.
Information Requests
To make full use of the resources on our site, we ask you to provide some basic information.
When you register, you will be asked for your E-mail address, language preferences and optionally first and last name. We do not disclose your name and email address submitted to the LingoZone.com to other users, any third parties, nor do we use it for advertising. However it is important to realize that all information that users voluntarily submit to LingoZone.com when writing introductory letters or responding to other users is made public to users who match their profile or users whom they are responding to. This means that when posting messages on LingoZone.com users should only submit information that they would like other users to view.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files that most Web sites, including LingoZone.com, place on your computer. Cookies help us identify you when you log into the site.
Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to use all interactive features of the site.
General Considerations
LingoZone.com cannot guarantee that the information you provide to us is completely safe, although we are careful to try to prevent problems. There may be technical problems beyond our control that may make it accessible to unauthorized persons.
There may be occasions on which Inc.com is required to provide information by order of a court or when the law requires that user information be treated as a transferable asset.
Changes to this Statement
LingoZone.com will occasionally update this Privacy Statement to reflect company and customer feedback.
We encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how we protect your information.
If you have questions or comments on this Privacy Statement, please ask or make them by clicking on Contact Us.
Copyright © 2003-2005 LingoZone.com. All rights reserved.
Contact Us | Add Link | Link To Us | Legal Disclaimers | Privacy Statement