http://www.vectorkids.com/termsofuse.htm
vectorkids
Welcome to vectorkids
Hello! Vectorkids believes in enhancing education through technology. Our content is designed for elementary and middle school students. However, it is fun for all ages.
Terms of Use
Please read the Terms Of Use. Everything listed here is standard. However, please discontinue use of the vectorkids site should you choose not to agree with the Terms Of Use. Vectorkids reserves the right to change or modify the Terms Of Use at any time. Using the site after any updates signifies your compliance to the Terms Of Use.
I. Trademarks, Copyrights, and Restrictions
This site is created and operated by vectorkids at P.O. Box 11232, Lexington, KY 40574. All material on this site is owned by vectorkids and is protected by copyrights, trademarks, and intellectual property. Material includes, but is not limited to, graphics, pictures, Macromedia ® Flash files, sound bytes and clips, and everything else on this site created by vectorkids. The site is created for your personal enjoyment and non-commercial use. Please do not pirate any material from this site or from anyone else for that matter. This means you should not copy, reproduce, republish, redirect, distribute or do anything else you know you should not do. Use of anything on this site outside the recommended purpose requires the written consent of vectorkids.
II. Submissions
Any media, e-mails, ideas sent to us, napkins with notes on it, postcards, letters, drawings, or any other correspondence with vectorkids becomes the property of vectorkids. This means we own it and can use it within the scope of our privacy policy. When you send us material you are agreeing that vectorkids has the right to store it, post it, reproduce it, file it, publish it, or anything else in part or in whole. Of course our concern is our users privacy, especially with regards to children. Just realize that if you send us something it becomes vectorkids property.
III. Scoreboards and Other Entered Data
Scoreboards and other areas may request a first name and state to assist the user in displaying accomplishments. Please do not use foul, abusive, libelous, obscene, or inappropriate language, text, or data. Keep it clean and have fun. Vectorkids reserves the right to remove, delete, or destroy, any input or correspondence deemed inappropriate.
IV. Disclaimers of Warranties and Liability
Everything on vectorkids web site is provided as is and without warranties of any kind either expressed or implied. Vectorkids does not provide any warranties or make any representations regarding the vectorkids site or material. Vectorkids can not guarantee that the web site will be uninterrupted and error or virus free. You agree that you assume sole responsibility for anything that results from the use of the vectorkids web site. Use vectorkids at your sole risk. You, not vectorkids, assume any cost burden associated with repairs, service, or anything as a result of using vectorkids. You expressly agree that nobody from vectorkids, its employees, agents, or anyone affiliated with the vectorkids web site are responsible or liable to any person or entity whatsoever for any loss, damage, or anything. This includes injury, claim, liability or other cause of any kind or character whatsoever based upon or resulting from the use of this site or any other vectorkids web site.
Home
Parents
Privacy
FAQ/News
Contact
About
Copyright © 1999-2014, vectorkids ™ All rights reserved.