https://www.gaiaonline.com/info/legal/parent
Welcome to Gaia! :: Information for Parents
Gaia Home
Login
Register
Remember Me
Log In
Forgot your login?
bf3a75a6a754764d888750deb5cdee24e83eeeb3aaa3272774c9520f2070ffa9e83eeeb3aaa3272774c9520f2070ffa9
My Gaia
GCash
Shops
Forums
World
Games
Catch
Information for Parents
Related Documents:
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Rules & Guidelines
Safety Tips
Information for Parents
DMCA Notification Guidelines
License Information
Information and Tips for Parents
Please Talk to Your Kids
We suggest talking to your kids about their online activities and their experiences with Gaia Online.
If you have comments or concerns regarding your kids' use of Gaia Online, then please contact us through our Help Center.
Your Kid's Profile
Consider asking to see your kid's Gaia member profile page... tomorrow. This gives them a chance to remove any inappropriate content, and teaches them what not to post by giving them some independence and responsibility.
Remember, your child is posting information for strangers to see online -- it's not an invasion of their privacy if you make this request.
Please Advise Your Kids That...
They should never arrange meetings with strangers they meet online,
They should never share their password with anyone; Gaia administrators will never request their password from them.
They should never share information that could identify them in real life, such as their full name, address or phone number.
They should never share embarrassing private information.
They should never mislead people about their age.
What is Gaia?
Gaia is an online community with games, message boards, and a virtual economy. Members can hang out, chat, create their own virtual characters and use "Gaia Gold/Platinum" to outfit them with clothes and accessories.
Who can join Gaia?
Gaia is open to anyone 13 years of age and older.
Is Gaia appropriate for teens?
We try to keep our site at a "PG-13" level, and a dedicated staff of moderators constantly monitors the forums to remove abusive or racist language, inappropriate images and adult content.
Gaia uses an optional word filter, which is turned on by default on all new accounts, to automatically remove inappropriate language from the forums, chat rooms and games. The word filter is continually improved and updated to keep it comprehensive and up-to-date.
For more detailed information, please refer to our Terms of Service
Is Gaia safe?
Gaia's staff is committed to keeping Gaia safe for teens. Posting private information, such as phone numbers, is prohibited by Gaia's terms of service. We take cases of "stalking," computer hacking, abuse and harassment very seriously, and we have special staff members available to deal with these situations if they should arise.
Members can report possible cases of abuse and harassment at any time; they can simply click a "report" button, and a notification will be instantly dispatched to moderators.
Although an e-mail address is required to sign up, it is used by us only for administrative purposes (i.e. account information, password reminders, etc.), it is not made public.
For more information, please see our full Privacy Policy
Does Gaia cost money?
Membership is free, and Gaia Gold/Platinum can be earned simply by posting on our message boards or visiting the site. All areas of the site are free, and members will never be charged money or asked for billing information unless they purchase site merchandise.
Gold/Platinum Buying/Offsite Trading:
The trading of Gaia Gold/Platinum for anything other than Gaia Online related items is a violation of the Terms of Service agreement. This means that trading real currency (example: US dollars) for Gaia Gold/Platinum (such as buying it from another website) is forbidden, and may result in the ban of your child's account. Attempting to trade Gaia Gold/Platinum for items anywhere else (Runescape, Neopets, IMVU, Pokemon, etc) is also a violation of our Terms of Service agreement, and also may result in action against your child's Gaia Online account.
Online Safety Sites for Parents
If you want to learn more about online safety, please refer to the following links, which contain useful Internet safety information for parents.
https://www.consumer.ftc.gov/topics/protecting-kids-online/
https://www.consumer.ftc.gov/topics/online-security/
https://www.commonsensemedia.org/
https://www.internetmatters.org/
https://www2.fbi.gov/publications/pguide/pguidee.htm
//www.wiredsafety.org/
//www.netsmartz.org/
//www.safeteens.com/
//www.us-cert.gov/cas/tips/ST05-002.html
//childrefuge.org/online-predator/warning-signs-children-at-risk-for-online-predators.html
//www.stopbullying.gov/
//www.nsteens.org/
https://www.budgetdirect.com.au/blog/digital-safety-staying-safe-online.html
How to contact us?
If you are the parent or guardian of a minor who is a member of the Gaia community, you can contact our administrators with any problems or safety concerns.
Inquiries from parents can be sent directly to our administrators at safety@gaiaonline.com. We will respond to your message within one to two business days.
The safety of minors is very important to us, and parental inquiries will be handled with the utmost urgency.
Disclaimer & Copyrights:
AniHQ, GAIA Interactive Inc, Studio XD, and all affiliated developers of GAIA Online will not be held responsible for (1) any content generated by GAIA Online users/members or (2) content that exists through any links posted on the GAIA Online website.
AniHQ, GAIA Online and all images associated with GAIA Online are © Copyright 2003 - 2020 Gaia Interactive, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
More Information
About Us
Terms of Service
PRIVACY POLICY
Rules & Guidelines
Safety Tips
Information for Parents
FAQ / HELP
Contact Us
Change Ad Consent
Arenas
Contribute
Dress Up
Find Friends
Forums
Friends
Games
Guilds
Journals
Mail
Marketplace
My Stuff
Profile
Shops
Towns
Trade
World Map
© Copyright 2003 - 2020 Gaia Interactive, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Manage Your Items
Avatardress up & check your inventory
Avatar Builderbuild your dream avatar
Aquariumcreate the perfect fish tank
Carcustomize your ride for rally
Housedecorate your gaia house
Personas (beta)build your Persona
Sign Up for Gaia News Weeklyproduced by Gaia art community for all Gaia users
Other Stuff
Mailcheck your private messages
Friendsconnect with your friends
Profileedit your profile page
Journalsyour personal journal/blog
Achievementssee what you've accomplished
Account Settingsadjust your preferences
Gaia Labssee what we're cookin'
Favoritessee your collections
Marriageget Married!
Vlogsee our vlog and Gaians latest creations!
More
Get GCash
Support Gaiaand receive a special gift
Purchase Onlinepaypal, credit card, mobile...more
Angel Subscriptionsubscribe for extra benefits!
Perks Subscriptionsubscribe for extra benefits!
Gaia Rewardsearn stars and get rewards
Offers
Earn Gaia Cashcomplete offers to earn GCash
Earn MORE Gaia Cashearn even more gcash with offers from Revenue Universe
Earn GCash from Surveyshelp answer surveys and earn GCash
Daily Treatnot available on this landing page
More
Get Items
Shops Directoryget stuff for your avatar
Cash Shopbuy premium items with gaia cash
Rococogoodies from the (not so) distant past
Mecha Nekofabulous finds for the thrifty spender
Genkimixreal life Gaia merchandise
More Items
Deals & New ItemsFind new items, and discounts
Premium Itemslook your best with amazing items
Marketplacegaia's user-run auction house
Flynn's Plunderbid to win rare items at super low prices
GoFusionfuse charms into awesome items!
Alchemyturn formulas into items
Tradeexchange items with users
More
Where Everyone Hangs Out
Forum Directorymillions of posts on every topic
Forum 2 Betamobile friendly forums
Browse Forums
- Welcome To Gaia
- Entertainment
- Artist's Corner
My Stuff
- Subscribed Threads
- My Topics
- My Posts
Other Community Areas
Guildsfan clubs for the stuff you love
Chatchat in real time with other Gaian's
Art Arenasbrowse & rate gaian art galleries
Clansplay zOMG with others
More
Virtual Spaces
Rallyhang out, chat & race cars
Friend Chatsinvite-only chat spaces
Virtual Hollywoodhang out, chat & go clubbing
Fun Stuff
Mangathe storyline of the gaia world
Offline Eventscatch an IRL gaia event near you
World mapsee the world of Gaia
Workshopvisit Gaia Workshop
More
Gaia's Games
Lake Kindredbattle with pets!
Play zOMG!play for free with no download
- Learn about zOMG!
- zOMG! Community
Switchemplay Switchem Blossoms!
Play Conflict of Nations!Conflict of Nations World War 3
Play SmashBlox!smash the blox off the board!
Play Word Blitz!test your speed and spelling!
Play Stack Attack!clear cards before time's up!
Mini-Games
Fishing
Tiles
Pinball
Jigsaw
Blackjack
Word Bump
Dumpster Dive
Runway
More
Play with GCash
Lucky Catchwin high quality items
Narwheeldive in to win some amazing items
Spinamiwin high quality items
Lisa's Rainbowstep up for a makeover from Lisa!
Play with Platinum
Golden Catchwin a new item with every spin
More
Customize your own avatar now!Join Now
Have an account? Login Now!