http://www.trinitycollege.co.uk/page/terms
View our Coronavirus page for the latest updates
SHOP
SUPPORT RESOURCES
CONTACT
About us
About us
Company information
Partner organisations
TCL Press
Qualification recognition
Research
Standards & regulation
Policies
Work with Trinity
Recruitment
Working in partnership
Become a registered exam centre
Become a listed SELT course provider
Become a Listed Education Agent
News & Events
Events
News
Our qualifications
Secure English Language Tests
Tests for UKVI
Tests for TfL
Tests for Craven District Council
English language
GESE – Graded Examinations in Spoken English
ISE – Integrated Skills in English
Trinity Stars Awards
ESOL Skills for Life (UK)
ESOL Step 1 and Step 2 (UK)
Teaching English
CertTESOL
CertPT
DipTESOL
TYLEC (young learners)
Music
Digital Classical & Jazz Grades
Classical & Jazz Grades
Digital Rock & Pop Grades
Rock & Pop Grades
Theory of Music Grades
Digital Music Diplomas
Music Diplomas
Music Certificate Exams
Certificate for Music Educators
Drama
Digital Drama Grades
Drama Grades
Digital Drama Diplomas
Drama Diplomas
Communication skills
Speech Communication Arts (SCA)
Digital
Digital Grades & Diplomas for Music and Drama
Dance
Diploma in Dance learning and teaching
Professional Performing Arts Diplomas
Arts Award
Help
Our help hubs
For candidates
For teachers
For parents/guardians
For prospective Trinity centres
For existing Trinity centres
For private language schools
For employers/HE institutions
For education agents
Useful links
Customer services
Certificate information
Enquiries about results
Running Trinity exams
Trinity results verification
Contact us
Can't find what you need?Get in touch with us.
Book exam
Your local Trinity
Shop
Support Resources
Contact
Search
Terms of use
Accessibility
Data protection
Modern slavery statement
Privacy statement
Terms of use
Related information
Accessibility
Data protection
Modern slavery statement
Privacy statement
Terms of use
Terms of use
This page, (together with the relevant Trinity Privacy Policy - trinitycollege.com, Music online booking, SELT online booking), tells you the terms of use (“Terms of Use”) on which you may make use of this website and any of the websites set out below, whether as a guest or as a registered user.
Important notice By using this website and/or any of the services available through it, you agree to be legally bound by the Terms of Use and the relevant Privacy Policy set out or linked to above. Please read them both carefully before you start to use this website and keep a paper/electronic copy for your records. If you do not accept these Terms of Use, please refrain from using this website.
1. About the Terms of Use 1.1    These Terms of Use apply to your use of each of the Trinity College London websites, namely:
www.trinitycollege.com www.artsaward.org.uk www.trinityrock.com musicbooking.trinitycollege.co.uk  SELTbooking.trinitycollege.co.uk  support.trinitycollege.co.uk
Any reference to "Website" in these Terms of Use is a reference to any one of the above Trinity College London websites which you are currently visiting or using (or which you have visited or used). 1.2    We reserve the right to update these Terms of Use at any time. If we do so, we will publish the amended version here. The amended Terms of Use will take effect from the time they are first published on the Website and, from then on, will govern the relationship between you and us in respect of your use of the Website. If you do not agree with the amended Terms of Use, you may not continue to use the Website after the time on which the amended Terms of Use are published on the Website.1.3    The relevant Privacy Policy also forms part of these Terms of Use and it is very important that you read it carefully. 2. About us 2.1    We are Trinity College London ("TCL"), which is a private company limited by guarantee registered in England and Wales (registered number 02683033) whose registered office is at Blue Fin Building, 110 Southwark Street, London SE1 0TA, United Kingdom.
We are a registered charity in England and Wales under no. 1014792. Our UK VAT registration number is 228 1298 05.
2.2    If you have any questions, complaints or comments concerning the Website or any of the information we offer through it or if you require any support in relation to your use of the Website, you can contact us using the following email address: TOL.support@trinitycollege.com. 3. Use of the Website 3.1    The Website supports TCL’s core activities regarding our diverse range of qualifications which we offer both in the UK and around the world.3.2    Subject to your compliance with these Terms of Use, you may use the Website together with any information and material we offer through it. 3.3    We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in the Website and in the information and material we offer through it. Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. Nothing in these Terms of Use shall confer on you any right of ownership or licence in the Website or in any of its content unless expressly stated otherwise. 4. Your use of the Website 4.1    To access and/or enter certain content on the Website, you must register with us and create an account. To do so you will need to give us certain personal information requested on the registration page, and you must consent to our processing of your personal information, in accordance with the relevant Privacy Policy.  If you do not agree with the terms of the Privacy Policy, you should not create an account with us and you will not be able to access such content through the Website.4.2    Please ensure that the personal information you provide when you register is correct and complete and inform us immediately of any changes to that personal information.  You can access and update the information you provide to us by accessing your account on the Website.4.3    You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password, user name and log-in details. You may not share these account details with anyone and you are responsible for all activities that are carried out under them.  We do not have the means to check the identities of people using the Website and will not be liable where your password or user name is used by someone else.  You agree to notify us immediately by email to TOL.administrator@trinitycollege.com of any unauthorised use of your password, user name or account of which you become aware.  If you fail to comply with the above obligations, we will not be responsible for any losses you suffer as a result. 4.4    You agree that you will use the Website only for lawful purposes and you will not:(a) use the Website for the posting, storage or transmission of any unlawful, fraudulent, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable material of any kind; or(b) upload material that contains viruses, "Trojan Horses", worms, time-bombs, keystroke loggers, cancelbots, spyware, adware, corrupted files or other such similarly harmful or destructive programs or features or otherwise in any way damage, disable or impair the operation of the Website, or attempt to do any of the same, or gain or attempt to gain unauthorised access to the Website, or to networks connected to it, or to content delivered through it, by any means, including by hacking, spoofing or seeking to circumvent or defeat any firewalls or other technological or other protections or security measures; or (c) transmit or procure the sending of, any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising or promotional material or any other form of similar solicitation (spam).   5. Linked Websites Where our Website contains links to other websites and resources provided by third parties, these links are for information only. We have no control over the contents of those websites or resources and we do not endorse and are not responsible for their contents or their privacy practices. We shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damages caused by use of or reliance on any content, goods or services available on such websites.  6. Your use of content on the Website Except where, in these Terms of Use or in the relevant Privacy Policy, we explicitly permit you to do so, you may not duplicate, copy, reproduce, sub-license, republish, distribute, transmit, display or make available, alter, adapt, interfere with, create derivative works from, or paste to any other application or webpage, by any means or in any manner, any content provided or made available on or through the Website, or do anything else with such content (other than download copies of information and materials for your own personal use in relation to any Trinity qualifications you are taking, administering or that you propose to take or administer).  You agree and acknowledge that you will not acquire any ownership rights or licence in the content. You acknowledge that modification of any content or use of any content for any purpose not expressly permitted by these Terms of Use may breach our and others’ copyright, privacy and other proprietary rights. 7. Third party content and software Where content, information, software, and any other material or services are supplied by third parties, you acknowledge and agree that we cannot control and do not purport to endorse such content, software or services in any way.  All third party content, software or services that are made available through the Website are offered in good faith but we do not (to the extent permitted by applicable law) accept any responsibility for the accuracy, reliability, timeliness, or otherwise of such content, software or other material or services (whether published on or offline) or for the use, download and/or installation of such content, software, or other material or services. 8. Our liability to you 8.1    If you are a consumer, you will have legal rights in relation to any goods that we supply that are faulty or not as described or any services that we do not carry out with reasonable care and skill. Advice about your legal rights is available from your local Citizens' Advice Bureau or Trading Standards office. Nothing in the Terms or Use will affect these legal rights.8.2    If you are not a consumer, then to the maximum extent permitted under applicable law, we exclude all express or implied conditions, warranties, representations or endorsements whatsoever with regard to any content, information, material, software or other items or services provided through the Website including those as to availability, quality, timeliness, performance, or fitness for a particular purpose.  8.3    We shall not be liable for any loss or damage resulting from the illegal, incorrect or inappropriate use of any content, information, material, software or other item by you or anyone else whilst the content is in your possession.8.4    If you are a consumer and we fail to comply with our obligations under these Terms of Use, we will be responsible for any loss or damage you suffer that is a foreseeable result of our breach or our negligence. Loss or damage is foreseeable if it is an obvious consequence of our breach or if it was contemplated by you and us at the time we entered into any contract to supply you with goods or services. 8.5    If you are not a consumer, then subject to the paragraph 8.6 below, we will under no circumstances whatever be liable to you, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, arising under or in connection with any breach of these Terms of Use, for:(a) any loss of profits, sales, business, or revenue;(b) loss or corruption of data, information or software;(c) loss of business opportunity;(d) loss of anticipated savings; or(e) loss of goodwill; or(f) any indirect or consequential loss. 8.6    Nothing in these Terms of Use limits or excludes our liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence or the negligence of our employees, or where we have acted fraudulently. 8.7    Subject to paragraphs 8.5 and 8.6 above, if you are not a consumer, our total liability to you, in respect of all other losses suffered by you and arising under or in connection with any breach of these Terms of Use, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, shall in no circumstances exceed £5,000.8.8    Unless you are an employee of Trinity College London, you are responsible for ensuring that your computer system meets all relevant technical specifications necessary to use, and is compatible with the Website. We do not guarantee or make any warranty that the Website or its servers are free from viruses, worms, time-bombs, keystroke loggers, cancelbots, "Trojan Horses" or anything else that has contaminating or destructive properties. We shall not be liable for any damage to, or viruses that may infect your computer equipment or other property following your access to, use of, the Website or accessing of any content, information, material, software or other item or service. You are responsible for implementing sufficient procedures and virus checks (including anti-virus and other security checks) to satisfy your particular requirements for the accuracy of data input and output. 8.9    We aim to update the Website regularly and may change the content at any time.  If the need arises, we may suspend access to the Website or close it indefinitely.  Any of the material on our Website may be out of date at any given time, and we are under no obligation to update such material.  9. Your further obligations to us 9.1    You agree that you will not use the content, information, material, software or other item or service available on this Website for any illegal purpose or for any other purpose prohibited by these Terms of Use or in any notice contained within any content, information, material, software or other item. 9.2    You shall compensate us in full in respect of any losses, liabilities, damages, expenses or costs (including legal fees and expenses), that we may suffer and which arise from or in connection with any third party claim, suit or proceeding brought against us which arises out of, results from or is related to any breach by you of these Terms of Use. 10. General 10.1    Neither party will be liable for any failure to perform any obligation owed to the other due to reasons beyond its reasonable control, for example, industrial disputes, technical difficulties, failure of or delays in communications networks, acts of terrorism or power failure.10.2    Save as otherwise expressly stated, if you are not a consumer, these Terms of Use and the relevant Privacy Policy contain the entire agreement between us and you relating to your use of the Website and supersede any previous agreements, arrangements, undertakings or proposals, written or oral, between us and you.  No party shall have any claim for innocent or negligent misrepresentation based upon any statement in these Terms of Use.  Nothing in this provision shall limit or exclude any liability for fraud.10.3    In the event that any provision of these Terms of Use is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, such provision will be severed and the remainder of these Terms of Use shall continue in full force and effect.  10.4    If you breach these Terms of Use and we take no action against you, we will still be entitled to enforce our rights against you in relation to that breach and to use our rights and remedies in any other situation where you breach these Terms of Use.  10.5    English is the only language offered for the conclusion of this contract.  10.6    The Trinity College London name and logo are registered trademarks of Trinity College London.10.7    We reserve the right to assign or sub-contract any or all of our rights and obligations under these Terms of Use.  These Terms of Use are personal to you and entered into by you for your own benefit and not for the benefit of any third party.10.8    If you are a consumer, please note that these Terms of Use are governed by and are to be construed in accordance with English law. This means that any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with them will be governed by English law. You and we both agree that the courts of England and Wales will have non-exclusive jurisdiction. However, if you are a resident of Northern Ireland you may also bring proceedings in Northern Ireland, and if you are a resident of Scotland, you may also bring proceedings in Scotland. 10.9    If you are not a consumer, please note that these Terms of Use are governed by and are to be construed in accordance with English law. This means that any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with them will be governed by English law. You and we both agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.   Updated: January 2017
Trinity Policies
Keep in touch
Make sure you don’t miss the latest news from Trinity College London. Sign up for email updates about your subject area.
Sign up