https://www.mathexpression.com/privacy.html
Privacy Policy
We recognize that your privacy is important. This document outlines the types of personal information we receive and collect when you use MathExpression.com, as well as some of the steps we take to safeguard information. We hope this will help you make an informed decision about sharing personal information with us.
MathExpression.com strives to maintain the highest standards of decency, fairness and integrity in all our operations. Likewise, we are dedicated to protecting our customers', consumers' and online visitors' privacy on our website.
Here, we provide free math tutoring online. To do so, we have carefully created easy and understandable lessons for you. For effectively learning, we divide each lesson into four parts as listed below:
Personal Information
MathExpression.com collects personally identifiable information from the visitors to our website only on a voluntary basis. Personal information collected on a voluntary basis may include name, postal address, email address, company name and telephone number.
This information is collected if you request information from us, participate in a contest or sweepstakes, and sign up to join our email list or request some other service or information from us. The information collected is internally reviewed, used to improve the content of our website, notify our visitors of updates, and respond to visitor inquiries.
Once information is reviewed, it is discarded or stored in our files. If we make material changes in the collection of personally identifiable information we will inform you by placing a notice on our site. Personal information received from any visitor will be used only for internal purposes and will not be sold or provided to third parties.
Use of Cookies
We may use cookies to help you personalize your online experience. Cookies are identifiers that are transferred to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize the sites pages, or register with any of our site's services, a cookie enables MathExpression.com to recall your specific information on subsequent visits.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies by modifying your Web browser; however, if you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the site.
Also, please note that third parties may be placing and reading cookies on your users’ browser, or using web beacons to collect information, in the course of ads being served on your website.
A web beacon is a transparent image file used to monitor your journey around a single website or collection of sites. They are also referred to as web bugs and are commonly used by sites that hire third-party services to monitor traffic. They may be used in association with cookies to understand how visitors interact with the pages and content on the pages of a web site.
We may serve third-party advertisements that use cookies and web beacons in the course of ads being served on our web site to ascertain how many times you've seen an advertisement. No personally identifiable information you give us is provided to them for cookie or web beacon use, so they cannot personally identify you with that information on our web site.
Some third-party advertisements may be provided by Google, which uses cookies to serve ads on this site. Google uses the DART cookie, which enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visits to this site and other sites on the Web. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Browsers can be set to accept or reject cookies or notify you when a cookie is being sent. Privacy software can be used to override web beacons. Taking either of these actions shouldn't cause a problem with our site, should you so choose.
Third Party ads via Google AdSense
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.
This website uses Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics to help analyze how users use the site. The tool uses "cookies," which are text files placed on your computer, to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including IP address) is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate visitors' us of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity for MathExpression.com.
We will never (and will not allow any third party to) use the statistical analytics tool to track or to collect any Personally Identifiable Information (PII) of visitors to our site. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. Neither we nor Google will link, or seek to link, an IP address with the identity of a computer user. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any Personally Identifiable Information from any source, unless you explicitly submit that information via a fill-in form on our website.
Mathexpression.com implemented Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting. The data from Google's Interest-based advertising or 3rd-party audience data (such as age, gender, and interests). We will never (and will not allow any third party to) use this data to track or to collect any Personally Identifiable Information (PII) of visitors to our site.
Search Box
The search box on this web site (“Search Box”) is powered by Google Inc (“Google”). You acknowledge and agree that Google’s privacy policy (located at http://www.google.com/privacy.html) shall apply to your use of the Search Box and by using the Search Box you consent to Google using your personal data in accordance with its privacy policy.
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act
This website is directed to adults; it is not directed to children under the age of 13. We operate our site in compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, and will not knowingly collect or use personal information from anyone under 13 years of age.
Non-Personal Information
In some cases, we may collect information about you that is not personally identifiable. We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users' movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. The information collected is used solely for internal review and not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes.
Release of Information
If MathExpression.com is sold, the information we have obtained from you through your voluntary participation in our site may transfer to the new owner as a part of the sale in order that the service being provided to you may continue. In that event, you will receive notice through our website of that change in control and practices, and we will make reasonable efforts to ensure that the purchaser honors any opt-out requests you might make of us.
How You Can Correct or Remove Information
We provide this privacy policy as a statement to you of our commitment to protect your personal information. If you have submitted personal information through our website and would like that information deleted from our records or would like to update or correct that information, please click on Contact Us page.
Updates and Effective Date
MathExpression.com reserves the right to make changes in this policy. If there is a material change in our privacy practices, we will indicate on our site that our privacy practices have changed and provide a link to the new privacy policy. We encourage you to periodically review this policy so that you will know what information we collect and how we use it.
Agreeing to Terms
If you do not agree to MathExpression.com Privacy Policy as posted here on this website, please do not use this site or any services offered by this site. Your use of this site indicates acceptance of this privacy policy.
Math Apps
iOS & Android
Math Topics
Graphs & Equations
Coordinate Plane Lessons
Graphing Equations Lessons
Slope & Y-Intercept Lessons
Algebra
Basic Algebra Lessons
Basic Algebra Formulas
Exponents
Exponent Law Lessons
Symmetry
Symmetry Lessons
Fractions
Learning Fractions Lessons
Fraction Worksheets
Online Fraction Calculator
Measurements
Volume of Solids Lessons
Calculate Area Lessons
Finding Parameter Lessons
Volume Formulas
Formula for Area
Parameter Formulas
Interest
Interest Forumlas Lessons
Simple Interest Calculator
Angles
Type of Angles Lessons
Angle Relationships Lessons
Triangles
Types of Triangles Lessons
Useful Resources
Sites for Teachers
Sites for Parents
Other Useful Sites
RSS & Share
Join our FB group to download ZapZapMath Free today!
Join our Facebook Group
No Thanks. My Kids Don't Need To Learn Math