http://www.paddingtonbear.co.uk/us/infos/terms-and-conditions/
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
This DISCLAIMER ("the Terms") govern your use of the Paddington & Co. Ltd. ("PADDINGTON BEAR") website (the "Website"). Please read through the Terms. Use of this site constitutes your acceptance of these terms and conditions, which take effect immediately on your first use of the site. Paddington & Co. Ltd. reserves the right to change these terms and conditions at any time by posting changes online.
You are responsible for reviewing regularly information posted online to obtain timely notice of such changes. Your continued use of this site after changes are posted constitutes your acceptance of this agreement as modified by the posted changes. If you do use the Website, your conduct indicates that you agree to be bound by the Terms.
Conditions of your use of this website
Except as stated below, the contents of this Website may not be copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior express written permission of Paddington & Co. Ltd.
You may not distribute, display or copy any of the contents of the pages contained in this Website to third parties including, but not limited to "caching" any material on this Website for access by third parties and "mirroring" any material on this Website.
You may print or download to disk the contents of an individual page of this Website for the purpose of private and personal non-commercial use.
You may also permit your computer to make an electronically stored, transient copy of the content in this Website for the purpose of viewing it while connected to the Internet only. However, you may only make one copy of any content.
Adventure Diary section The Adventure Diary section uses third party software to source and populate this section with content. This content has been posted publicly on a social network and sourced due to its reference to ‘Paddington’ or ‘Paddington Bear’.  The ‘Adventure Diary’ simply pulls all the public content into one virtual place.
The content is not owned, copied, saved or stored by any means by Paddington & Co. Ltd. The ‘Adventure Diary’ merely provides a window for our fans  bringing together all things ‘Paddington’ via major social networks.
Generally speaking, any content posted to social networks and marked as “Public” can be publicly displayed without the express consent of the original poster.  However, if there is a post which you would like removed from ‘Adventure Diary’ please let us know via the ‘Contact Us’ form.
Paddington & Co. provide the ‘Adventure Diary’ for your information and enjoyment and do not intend to endorse or favour any of the content shown.
RELATING TO THE PHOTOBOOTH FACILITY, AT THE PADDINGTON STORE, PADDINGTON STATION,  LONDON UK
The photobooth service, and all materials resulting from the use of this booth, are provided by our licensee Ustar Group Ltd. (www.Ustargroup.co.uk). All users of the photobooth need to be over 16 years of age, or have parental / guardian permission to do so.  Once a photo has been purchased it must be downloaded (using the unique code on the receipt given to the customer at time of purchase) within 2 months from the date of purchase. All photos are held on the on the Ustar server (website) and will be deleted after 2 months of the purchase date and cannot be retrieved after this date. Photos are not shared with third parties. Full Terms and Conditions can be found on the UstarGroup website.
Exclusion of Paddington & Co. Ltd. liability
The information contained in the material in this Website is only for information purposes. The material on this Website does not constitute advice and you should not rely on any material in this Website to make (or refrain from making) any decision or take (or refrain from taking) any action.
Paddington & Co. Ltd. does not make any warranty or representation as to the accuracy or fitness for purpose of any material on this Website or the reliability of the access to this Website.
In no event will Paddington & Co. Ltd. be liable for any damages including, without limitation, indirect or consequential damages, or any damages whatsoever arising from use or loss of use, data, or profits, whether in action of contract, negligence or other tortious action, arising out of or in connection with the use of the site. Paddington & Co. Ltd. does not warrant that the functions contained in the material contained in this site will be uninterrupted or error free, that defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or bugs or represents the full functionality, accuracy, and reliability of the materials.
The pages contained in this Website may contain technical inaccuracies and typographical errors. The information in these pages may be updated from time to time and may at times be out of date. We accept no responsibility for keeping the information in these pages up to date or liability for any failure to do so.
Others' advertisements
This Website contains links to other websites which are not under the control of and are not maintained by Paddington & Co. Ltd. Paddington & Co. Ltd. is not responsible for the content of those sites. Paddington & Co. Ltd. provides these links for your convenience only but does not necessarily endorse the material on these sites.
Data protection and privacy
Any details which you provide to us from which we can identify you are held and processed in accordance with our Data Protection Registration.
Further details are set out in our Privacy Policy.
Law governing the terms
Use of this Website and these Terms shall be subject only to the laws of England and Wales which shall exclusively govern the interpretation, application and effect of all the above permissions, exclusions, licences and conditions of use.
Jurisdiction
The Courts of England and Wales shall have exclusive jurisdiction over all claims or disputes arising in relation to, out of or in connection with this Website and its use and these Terms.
Where national regulatory authorities have jurisdiction over the contents of this Website, Paddington & Co. Ltd. attempted to ensure compliance with the requirements of such regulatory body. However, some of the information in the pages contained in this Website is not to be accessed from certain jurisdictions and no representation or warranty is made as to whether the information available in this Website complies with the regulatory regime of countries from which the pages in this Website should not be accessed.
If these Terms and Conditions are not accepted in full, you do not have permission to access the contents of this website and therefore should cease using this website immediately.