http://www.arenafan.com/arenafan/?page=privacy
Celebrating the history of the Arena Football League
Home
Players
Last name search:
Happy Birthday to:
Troy Pascley (32)
Steven Black (34)
Brandon Sharpe (34)
Kyle Chilton (35)
Alex Teems (37)
Rob Turner (40)
DeWayne Miles (43)
Will Pettis (43)
John Robinson (52)
Fred McNair (52)
Kenneth Harper (52)
Ken Lutz (55)
Interactive
Message Boards
Gold Membership
AF on Instagram
AF on Facebook
AF on Twitter
AF on SoundCloud
AF on YouTube
Podcasts
AFL
History Main
AFL Hall Of Fame
Today in AFL History
Standings
Schedules
Yearly Leaders
Attendance Charts
ArenaBowls
All Star Games
Game Search
Videos
Team Combos
Player Records
Team Records
Coaches List
TD and Yds Leaders
League Awards
Team Maps
Team List
Franchise Chart
Arena List
Neutral Site Games
League Yearly Stats
News Search
AFL Video Games
NBC Ratings
Original Columns
af2
Standings
Schedules
Attendance Charts
ArenaCups
Game Search
Franchise Chart
Team Maps
Team List
Team Records
League Yearly Stats
ArenaFan
About Us
Contact Us
FAQ
Link to Us
AF in the News
AF Press Releases
Advertise on AF
Volunteer on AF
Legal Notice
Login / Register
Log In
Register
Registration Benefits
ArenaFan.com Privacy Statement
This privacy statement discloses the privacy practices for Arenafan.com. This web site has agreed to notify you of:
What personally identifiable information of yours or third party personally identification is collected from you through the web site
The organization collecting the information
How the information is used
With whom the information may be shared
What choices are available to you regarding collection, use and distribution of the information
The kind of security procedures that are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under Arenafan Online's control
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
If you feel that this company is not abiding by its posted privacy policy, you should contact Joe Kauffman.
Information Collection and Use
Arenafan Online is the sole owner of the information collected on this site.
We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement.
Arenafan Online collects information from our users at several different points on our website.
Registration
In order to use the members area of this website, a user must first complete the registration form.
During registration a user is required to give their contact information (such as name and email address).
This information is used to contact the user about the services on our site for which they have expressed interest.
It is optional for the user to provide demographic information (such as income level and gender), but encouraged so we can provide a more personalized experience on our site.
Order
We request information from the user on our order form.
Here a user must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date).
This information is used for billing purposes and to fill customer's orders.
If we have trouble processing an order, this contact information is used to get in touch with the user.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user.
Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site.
Once the user closes their browser, the cookie simply terminates.
For instance, by setting a cookie on our site, the user would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site.
If a user rejects the cookie, they may still use our site.
The only drawback to this is that the user will be limited in some areas of our site.
For example, the user will not be able to participate in any of our Online Games, Contests or monthly Drawings that take place.
Some of our business partners use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers).
However, we have no access to or control over these cookies.
Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Sharing
We will share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.
We use an outside shipping company to ship orders, and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
We partner with another party to provide specific services. When the user signs up for these services, we will share names, or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services.
These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we [Arenafan Online] are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites.
We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information.
This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Newsletter
If a user wishes to subscribe to our newsletter or email discussion list services, we ask for contact information such as name and email address.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our site requests information from users via surveys or contests.
Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information.
Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level).
Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes.
Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Security
This website takes every precaution to protect our users' information.
When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line.
Arenafan Online sales are conducted exclusively through PayPal. Therefore, Arenafan Online will not request credit card information or social security numbers. PayPal is an independent entity. We do not have access or control over PayPal's information. For more information, see: www.paypal.com
Special Offers
We send all new members a welcoming email to verify password and username. Established members will occasionally receive information on our online games, products, services, special deals, and a newsletter. Out of respect for the privacy of our users we present the option to not receive these types of communications. Please see our choice and opt-out below.
Site and Service Updates
We also send the user site and service announcement updates. Members are not able to un-subscribe from service announcements, which contain important information about the service. We communicate with the user to provide requested services and in regards to issues relating to their account via email or phone.
Correction/Updating Personal Information:
If a user's personally identifiable information changes (such as your zip code), or if a user no longer desires our service, we will endeavor to provide a way to correct, update or remove that user's personal data provided to us.
This can be done at the member information page.
Choice/Opt-out
Our users are given the opportunity to 'opt-out' of having their information used for purposes not directly related to our site at the point where we ask for the information.
For example, our order form has an 'opt-out' mechanism so users who buy a product from us, but don't want any marketing material, can keep their email address off of our lists.
Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter or promotional materials from our partners may opt-out of receiving these communications by changing their user preferences to not receive email from ArenaFan. Users must log in and click on the EDIT ACCOUNT link on the left side of the page to change the preference.
Users of our site are always notified when their information is being collected by any outside parties.
We do this so our users can make an informed choice as to whether they should proceed with services that require an outside party, or not.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our Homepage so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an email.
Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
Advertising
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.
Site Map - Privacy Statement
© 1998 - 2020 Gale Force Design & Technology LLC..