https://www.ramblers.org.uk/technical-stuff/terms-and-conditions.aspx
Accept cookies
We use cookies to make your browsing experience better.
By using our site you agree to our use of cookies
Home
Technical stuff
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Refund Policy
Website Terms and conditions
Registration Terms and conditions
Ramblers App
Refund Policy
If you believe there has been a mistake with the payment of your Ramblers membership or donation, please contact the membership team  and we will investigate your request and issue a refund if applicable.
You have the right to cancel your membership subscription or donation within seven days of the initial transaction with the Ramblers Association, or within seven days of receipt of the goods (whichever is longer). If you decide to cancel your membership or donation within this period, the payment will be returned to you via the method of payment used previously.
Last updated November 2014
Website Terms and Conditions
Welcome to our website. Please read the below information carefully as it is legally binding on you. Your use of this website means you accept these Terms and Conditions as at the date of your first use of this website.
If there is any conflict between these terms and conditions and rules and/or specific terms of use appearing on this website relating to specific material then the latter shall prevail.
If these terms and conditions are not accepted in full, the use of this website must be terminated immediately.
Definitions
The Ramblers means The Ramblers’ Association, a charity registered under number 1093577 in England and Wales and in Scotland under number SC039799, a company limited by guarantee registered under number 4458492 in England and Wales with its registered offices at 2nd Floor, Camelford House, 87-90 Albert Embankment, London SE1 7TW.
"Website" means www.ramblers.org.uk or any other website under Ramblers ownership or control from which a link has been created to these Terms and Conditions.
"You", "your" and "yours" means the person(s) accessing the website.
"We", "us" and "our" means the Ramblers.
"Material" means any information, data, text, graphics, links, programming code or other material published, contained or available on the website.
“Terms and Conditions” means the terms and conditions set out below, including where applicable, the Registration Terms and Conditions (defined below).
Changes to the Terms and Conditions
We reserve the right to change these Terms and Conditions at any time. Please check back regularly because the amended Terms and Conditions will apply to your continued use of the website. Certain provisions may be extended or superseded by expressly designated legal notices or terms located on particular pages of the website.
Governing law
These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by the laws of England and any dispute arising from these Terms and Conditions or your use of the website shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
Material on the website
Material on the website is provided for information purposes only. Whilst every care is taken in compiling the information on the website we do not make any warranties or representations as to its accuracy or reliability. We may make changes to the material on the website at any time without notice. Certain information on the website may contain typographical or other errors or be out of date, and we make no commitment to update such information. We and any third parties referred to on the website assume no responsibility for how you use the information provided through the website.
Links
Where we provide links to other websites, we do so for information purposes only. We are not responsible for the content of any other websites or pages linking to or from our website. We have not verified the content of any such websites and links to other websites do not imply any endorsement of the material on those websites. If you choose to follow links to other websites you do so at your own risk. It is your responsibility to take all protective measures to guard against viruses or other destructive elements. We accept no liability for any statements, information, products or services that are published on or are accessible through any websites owned or operated by third parties.
If you establish a link to our website you do so at your own risk. Such a link in no way implies any relationship between the Ramblers and any third party and we in no way endorse the content contained on any third party web site or their other published material.
You are required to obtain permission from the Ramblers prior to you making any use of the Ramblers logo and/or making any statement which implies that the Ramblers has any relationship with you and/or in any way endorses you and/or your website and/or any public statement that you may make.
Contacting us about our Terms and Conditions
If you are uncertain about anything in these Terms and Conditions please contact us via our website feedback form or write to us at the above address.
Users
The website is intended for people accessing it from within the United Kingdom. We cannot guarantee the site or the information it contains complies with or is appropriate for use in other countries.
Service access
Whilst we try to ensure that the website is normally available 24 hours a day, we shall not be liable if for any reason the website is unavailable at any time or for any period. Access to the website may be suspended temporarily and without notice in the case of system failure, maintenance or repair or for reasons beyond our control.
Use of the website and copyright
You may access, view and print copies of material contained in the non-password protected parts of the website as long as you comply with these Terms and Conditions and:
you agree to use this site only for lawful purposes and in a manner which does not infringe the rights or restrict or inhibit the use and enjoyment of the site by any third party;
you use the material for information purposes and for your non-commercial, personal use only;
all copyright, trade mark and other proprietary notices are kept on the material; and
you do not modify, reproduce, display or distribute the material without prior written consent from the Ramblers.
Commercial use or publication of all or any material is strictly prohibited without prior authorisation from the Ramblers. Nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring any license by the Ramblers to use any item displayed.
Liability
Neither we, nor any other party involved in creating, producing, maintaining or delivering the website, will be liable for any amount or kind of loss or damage that may result to you or a third party including without limitation any loss of income, profits, goodwill, data, contracts, use of money, or loss or damages arising from or connected in any way to business interruption, whether in tort, contract or otherwise (including without limitation negligence) in connection with:
your use, inability to use or the results of use of the website, any websites linked to the website or the material on such websites; or
any amount or kind of loss or damage including without limitation any loss or damage due to viruses that may infect your computer equipment, software, data, or other property on account of your access to, use of or browsing the website or your downloading of any material from the website or any websites linked to the website.
In so far as we are able we exclude all liability for all direct, indirect, punitive or consequential loss or damage which arises out of or in connection with the use of the website.
Nothing in these Terms and Conditions shall exclude or limit our liability for death or personal injury caused by negligence (as such term is defined by the Unfair Contract Terms Act 1977), fraud, or misrepresentation as to a fundamental matter.
If your use of the website results in the need for servicing, repair or correction of your equipment, software or data, you assume all costs of this.
Privacy and Data Protection
Your privacy online is important to us and we want you to understand what, if any, information we collect and how it is used. For more information please see our Privacy Policy and Use of cookies page.
Registration
Certain areas of the website are only available to you if you register with us. Additional Registration Terms and Conditions (defined below) will apply to you if you choose to register with us.
Last updated November 2014
Registration Terms and Conditions
These Registration Terms and Conditions are to be read in conjunction with our general Terms and Conditions (see above) and our Privacy Policy and Use of cookies page. These Registration Terms and Conditions will apply to you if you register with us.
Definitions
A "Registered User" is a person who, subject to the Terms and Conditions, has registered to use a service on our website.
Registration process
To register you need to provide a verifiable email address, complete the required fields on the registration form and read these Registration Terms and Conditions. By registering you are accepting these Registration Terms and Conditions. Once you have registered we will send you a confirmation email.
Eligibility
Registration to be a Registered User is void where prohibited. By registering you warrant that:
all registration information you submit is truthful and accurate;
you will maintain the accuracy of this information;
your use does not violate any applicable law or regulation; and
you are 18 years of age or older.
We reserve the right to terminate your registration without warning if we believe that you are under 18 years of age.
Password
By registering, you promise to keep your password secret and not to disclose or share it with anyone. If you believe that someone else may have access to or know your passwordplease change it by logging in and updating your profile.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify us and any related third parties in full from and against all third party claims, liabilities, losses and expenses (including reasonable legal fees) incurred or suffered by such persons arising out of any breach by you of any term in these Registration Terms and Conditions.
Written communications
One of our means of communication with you regarding your registration will be electronic, either through contacting you by email or providing you with information by posting notice on our website. You agree to such electronic communications and acknowledge that all such contact, notice and communication that we provide electronically comply with any requirement that they must be in writing. This does not affect your statutory rights.
User generated content
In these terms and conditions, “your user generated content” means material (including without limitation text, images, audio material, video material and audio-visual material) that you submit to our website or via the Don’t Lose Your Way website and the Big PathWatch app, for whatever purpose.
You grant to us a worldwide, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free licence to use, reproduce, adapt, publish, translate and distribute your user content in any existing or future media.  You also grant to us the right to sub-license these rights, and the right to bring an action for infringement of these rights. You agree that we are not responsible or liable for the use of your user generated content by third parties once it has been distributed or sub-licensed to those third parties by us.
Your user content must not be illegal or unlawful, must not infringe any third party's legal rights, and must not be capable of giving rise to legal action whether against you or us or a third party (in each case under any applicable law).
You must not submit any user content to the website  or via the Big Pathwatch app that is or has ever been the subject of any threatened or actual legal proceedings or other similar complaint.
We reserve the right to edit or remove any material submitted to our website, or stored on our servers, or hosted or published upon our website.
Notwithstanding our rights under these terms and conditions in relation to user generated content, we do not undertake to monitor the submission of such content to, or the publication of such content on, our website.
Ramblers App
Copyright for the code, design and content within the Ramblers App belongs to the Ramblers.
Commercial use or publication of the content in this app is strictly prohibited without prior authorisation from the Ramblers.
When you upload images, video or other content through the Ramblers App, you should ensure you have the permission of anyone featured in the photo. By uploading this content, you grant to Ramblers a worldwide, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free licence to use, reproduce, adapt, publish and distribute your content in other Ramblers media for example our member magazine or website.
As a member of the Ramblers you agree to use this Ramblers App in a responsible manner in line with Ramblers values, respecting other members.
Any member lists accessible via the app may not be replicated or distributed outside the app. This includes screenshots and posting to social media.
We reserve the right to edit or remove any material submitted for any reason without prior warning.
Last updated April 2019