http://www.how-sugar-is-made.com/refinery/privacy.html
Our Privacy Statement
Thank you for visiting A Virtual Tour of a Brazilian Sugar Mill at http://www.how-sugar-is-made.com/ and reviewing our privacy policy. Our privacy policy is clear: We will collect no personal information about you when you visit our website unless you choose to provide that information to us.
Here is how we handle information about your visit to our website:
Information Collected and Stored Automatically . . .
If you do nothing during your visit but browse through the website, read pages, or download information, we will gather and store certain information about your visit automatically. This information does not identify you personally. We automatically collect and store only the following information about your visit:
The Internet domain (for example, "xcompany.com" if you use a private Internet access account, or "yourschool.edu" if you connect from a university's domain) and IP address (an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web) from which you access our website;
The type of browser and operating system used to access our site;
The date and time you access our site; and
The pages you visit.
We use this information to help us make our site more useful to visitors -- to learn about the number of visitors to our site and the types of technology our visitors use. We do not track or record information about individuals and their visits.
If You Send Us Personal Information . . .
If you choose to provide us with personal information by sending World Wide Mart, Inc. an e-mail, we use that information to respond to your message and to help us get you the information you have requested. We do not collect personal information for any other purposes. Moreover, we do not create individual profiles with the information you provide or give this information to any private organizations (i.e., for commercial marketing).
This privacy policy is consistent with World Wide Mart's support of the protection of consumer privacy on the internet and the principles of disclosure and fair information practices. Your online privacy is a priority. Our firm commitment to your privacy guided the development of our Internet site. It is important to us to help you retain privacy while taking advantage of everything our site has to offer.
Thank you, once again, for visiting www.how-sugar-is-made.com on the Web.
<< First |
©2004 Dave Jackson Cruising the World
• Sugar Futures
Commodities • Options •