https://www.euratlas.net/privacy.html
Euratlas Home>
Privacy
Become a member and get access to larger maps by subscribing to Euratlas-Info.
About
Privacy
Site Map
Contact
Euratlas Privacy Notice
Historical Maps
History of Europe
Middle East History
Roma
Geography Maps
Europe Atlas
World Atlas
Antique Maps
Antique Cartography
Lesage Atlas 1808
Peutinger Map
Europe Photos
Countries of Europe
Time Pictures
Euratlas Shop
Member's Area
Euratlas Privacy Notice
Cartographic Design
Discover 20 centuries of historyThe online Euratlas Shop sells historical cartography programs and maps. You will find here educational software like historical atlases and digital resources for students, teachers, genealogists, scholars, journalists or graphic designers.
Secure online payment by credit card or normal payment by check or bank transfer.
Information
Euratlas-Nüssli knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully. This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting the Euratlas websites, you are accepting the practices described in this notice. The Euratlas websites receive and store any information you give us through letter or e-mail. You are free not to provide certain information. We use the information that you provide for responding to your requests, customizing future services for you and improving our pages.
Deontology and protection of the private life
The websites "euratlas.com", "euratlas.org", "euratlas.eu", "euratlas.info" and "euratlas.net" are conforming themselves to the laws and regulations in force in France and Switzerland with regard to the protection of the minors, the intellectual property, the leading confidentiality, data processing, contents and freedoms.
French Data Protection Authority (CNIL)
In accordance with the standards established by the Commission nationale de l'informatique et des libertés (CNIL), the websites "euratlas.com", "euratlas.org", "euratlas.eu", "euratlas.info" and "euratlas.net" are respecting the confidentiality and the private life.
The following points have to be noted:
1) The electronic mails sent to the webmasters, will not be, in no case, published nor transmitted to some third party without the agreement of the shippers. The same will apply to electronic addresses received at the time of such couriers or from electronic transactions. At all events, each correspondent can in any time request from "euratlas.com", "euratlas.org", "euratlas.eu", "euratlas.info" and "euratlas.net" the removal of his electronic address.
2) The web-hosts of the Euratlas sites, that is the companies Infomaniak Network and Swiss InterWeb, also urges to respect the confidentality of the data and not to transmit to third parties the received data, electronic addresses or numerical notebooks of exploitation. The aforementioned notebooks ("logs") are erased each week.
3) Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to the Euratlas sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Order Forms
Display, in PDF format, the order form for:
- Georeferenced Historical Vector Data
- Historical Atlases
- Antique Maps
- Periodis Basic site license
Note that direct download is not available for payments by bank or postal transfer.
We will answer by e-mail, to your questions about selling.
Conditions of Use
Privacy Notice
Contact
Euratlas - 2001-2010