http://www.newfound-owatonna.com/terms-privacy
100th Owatonna/Ropioa Reunion! Learn more here >
Terms & Privacy
Our Privacy Policy
We value your trust. The following online privacy policy is intended to protect and secure the personally identifiable information (any information by which you can be identified) you provide to our organization online.
Information we collect
The information we collect online includes name, address, city, state, ZIP/postal code, telephone number, e-mail address. In order to continuously improve our service and meet your needs we may also ask you to provide information specific to your organization.
How the information is used
We use your information to communicate with you, and understand your needs to provide you with better service. We may use your information to complete a transaction, to update you on projects or to personalize our Web site for you. We also provide you the opportunity to remove your name from our mailing lists, if you desire to do so. Please review the corresponding section of this privacy policy below.
In addition, we will not send you e-mail that you have not agreed to receive. We may periodically send you e-mail announcing news and event information.
Sharing of personal information
We never sell, rent, lease or exchange your personal information with other organizations. We assure you that the identity of all who contact us through this Web site will be kept confidential.
Security Measures
We respect your privacy. Therefore we never share or sell your personal information with any third parties. Any information collected through this site is intended to be used for this transaction only.
Your personal information is secured via SSL (Secure Socket Layer) Technology.
Shipping policy
Since the products we charge money for on this site are Camper applications and Donations, no product will be shipped to you.
You will however receive an email invoice following your purchase.
Return policy
Deposits for online applications are non-refundable.
Cookies
From time to time, we may send a "cookie" to your computer. A cookie is a small piece of data that is sent to your browser from a Web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. A cookie can't read data off your hard drive or read cookie files created by other sites. Cookies do not damage your system. We use cookies to recognize you when you return to our sites, or to identify which areas of our network of Web sites you have visited. We may use this information to better personalize the content you see on our sites.
Many Web sites place cookies on your hard drive. You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the settings of your browser. Your browser can refuse all cookies, or show you when a cookie is being sent. If you choose not to accept these cookies, your experience at our site and other Web sites may be diminished and some features may not work as intended.
Links to outside sites
This Web site links to documents located on Web sites maintained by other organizations or individuals. Once you access a link to another Web site, please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Removal from our mailing list
We give you the opportunity to remove your name from our postal mailing list so that you do not receive any future communications. If you desire to permanently remove your name, you can contact us. If you determine that our information about you is inaccurate or it has changed, you may also modify information by contacting us.
Contacting us
If you have comments or questions about our online privacy policy, or would like more information about us, or are experiencing technical trouble, please contact us.
Sign Up for Our Newsletter
Receive Camp Updates
Full Name
Email Address
Ready to go?
Here’s your next step:
Register Online
Call Us: (207) 583-6711
Next Steps