http://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au/conditionsandtreatments/complementary-and-alternative-care
Site Navigation
Page Content
Menu
Caret
Health.vic
Victoria's hub for health services and business
DHHS
A gateway to the strategies, policies, programs and services delivered by the Department of Health & Human Services.
Seniors Online
Victorian government portal for older people, with information about government and community services and programs.
Show search toolbar
Contrast
Sign Up
Login
Search
Type a minimum of three characters then press UP or DOWN on the keyboard to navigate the autocompleted search results
Navigation
Home
Close Menu
Conditions and treatments
Conditions and treatments
Allergies
Allergies
Allergic reaction to packaged food
Anxiety
Arthritis
Asthma
Behavioural conditions
Birth defects
Blood and blood vessels
Bones muscles and joints
Bones muscles and joints
Foot care - podiatrists
Brain and nerves
Cancer
Complementary and alternative care
Dementia
Healthy living
Healthy living
Alcohol
Babies and toddlers (0-3)
Child health (0-6)
Children (4-12)
Drugs and addictive behaviours
Environmental health
Family Violence
Older people in hospital – Get well soon
Health checks
Healthy Eating
Healthy Eating
Nutrition for life
Mens nutrition for life
Healthy mind
Healthy pregnancy
Services and support
Services and support
Aged care services
Alcohol and drug services
LGBTI support
Carers, caring and respite care services
Child, family and relationship services
Disability services
Emergency, crisis and support services
End of life and palliative care services
genetic services and support
Hospitals, surgery and procedures
Mental health services
Planning and coordinating healthcare
A-Z
A-Z
Conditions and treatments
Healthy living
Services and support
Videos
Service profiles
Blog
Blog
Blog authors
Topics
Podcast
Podcast
Influenza - Dr Brett Sutton & Prof Kanta Subbarao
Trauma - Anne Leadbeater OAM & Dr Rob Gordon
template
Other sites
Health.vic
DHHS
Seniors Online
Sitemap
My Health Life
Facebook
Googleplus
Twitter
Youtube
Rss
Conditions and treatments
Healthy living
Services and support
A-Z
Blog
Podcast
Back to
Conditions and treatments
Home
Conditions and treatments
Complementary and alternative care
Complementary and alternative care
Share (show more)
Listen (show more)
Listen
More (show more)
Email
Print
Complementary and alternative care includes a range of treatments and products that are not considered part of standard health care. Complementary can work alongside conventional diagnosis and treatment, but scientific evidence on their use is limited. Complementary therapy is known by different terms including alternative therapy, alternative medicine, holistic therapy and traditional medicine. Always tell your doctor when you are considering using complementary and alternative care as part of your health plan.
Complementary and alternative care
The following content is displayed as Tabs. Once you have activated a link navigate to the end of the list to view its associated content. The activated link is defined as Active Tab
Safe use of complementary therapies
Alternative systems and therapies
Body movement and massage
Mind body practices
Herbs and supplements
Safe use of complementary therapies
Complementary medicines - tell your healthcare professionals
Tell your healthcare professionals about all medicines you take, including complementary medicines...
Complementary medicines - the risks of buying online
Purchasing complementary medicines online can seem attractive. Countless sites on the Internet offer a range of treatments, usually at very cheap prices. However, using products bought from online...
Complementary therapies
Complementary therapies aim to treat the whole person, not just the symptoms of disease...
Complementary therapies - choosing a practitioner
When choosing a complementary therapist, think about your goals and ask your medical doctor for a recommendation...
Complementary therapies - safety and legal issues
Complementary therapies are not always safer than conventional medical treatments, even if they seem more 'natural'...
Medicines and side effects
Complementary medicines can interact with pharmaceutical medicines...
Seeing a complementary health practitioner
It is important that you tell your doctor about any complementary medicine products and therapies you are using...
Alternative systems and therapies
Acupuncture
Acupuncture is part of traditional Chinese medicine and consists of inserting fine needles into specific points on the skin...
Ayurveda
Ayurveda is an ancient healing system from India that uses a range of techniques to treat illness and encourage wellbeing...
Chinese herbal medicine
The principles of Traditional Chinese Medicine are very different from traditional Western notions about health, illness and the workings of the body...
Chiropractic
Chiropractic treatment can be clinically effective for many problems of the skeleton and muscles, such as back pain and headache...
Complementary therapies
Complementary therapies aim to treat the whole person, not just the symptoms of disease...
Herbal medicine
Some herbs have potent ingredients and should be treated with the same care and respect as pharmaceutical drugs...
Homeopathy
Homeopathy is a form of alternative medicine that claims to stimulate and strengthen the body?s ability to heal itself...
Kambo
Kambo is a poison used as a traditional medicine in purging or cleansing rituals. There is a risk of serious adverse reactions, especially if kambo enters the blood stream...
Kinesiology
Kinesiology uses muscle monitoring to look at imbalances that may be causing disease in the body...
Menopause and complementary therapies
The use of complementary therapies to manage menopausal symptoms is popular, but the sources of information available to consumers are of variable quality and reliability...
Naturopathy
Naturopathy uses a range of treatments to stimulate your body's own healing powers...
Osteopathy
Osteopathy recognises the importance of the musculoskeletal system to a person?s health and wellbeing...
Reflexology
Reflexology is massage of the feet that aims to promote healing in other areas of the body...
Reiki
Reiki is a natural form of therapy that uses non-invasive gentle touch to promote feelings of wellbeing...
Body movement and massage
Alexander technique
The Alexander technique stresses that movement should be economical and needs only the minimum amount of energy and effort...
Bowen therapy
Bowen is a holistic remedial body technique that works on the soft connective tissue (fascia) of the body. Bowen therapy can be used to treat musculoskeletal or related neurological problems including...
Massage
One of the immediate benefits of massage is a feeling of deep relaxation and calm...
Myotherapy
Myotherapy is a form of physical therapy used to treat or prevent soft tissue pain and restricted joint movement...
Qi gong (video)
For centuries, Eastern cultures have practised various forms of stress reducing exercises, such as yoga and tai chi, but here's one that you may not have heard about - Qi gong...
Mind body practices
Hypnosis
You can't be hypnotised into doing things against your will or forced into a hypnotic state...
Meditation
Meditation techniques can promote a sense of calm and heightened awareness...
Qi gong (video)
For centuries, Eastern cultures have practised various forms of stress reducing exercises, such as yoga and tai chi, but here's one that you may not have heard about - Qi gong...
Tai chi - health benefits
People of all ages and fitness levels can practice tai chi and may gain health benefits...
Herbs and supplements
Aromatherapy
The different smells and chemical constituents of aromatherapy oils can produce different emotional and physiological reactions...
Chinese herbal medicine
The principles of Traditional Chinese Medicine are very different from traditional Western notions about health, illness and the workings of the body...
Complementary medicines - tell your healthcare professionals
Tell your healthcare professionals about all medicines you take, including complementary medicines...
Complementary medicines - the risks of buying online
Purchasing complementary medicines online can seem attractive. Countless sites on the Internet offer a range of treatments, usually at very cheap prices. However, using products bought from online...
Kambo
Kambo is a poison used as a traditional medicine in purging or cleansing rituals. There is a risk of serious adverse reactions, especially if kambo enters the blood stream...
Vitamin and mineral supplements
Taking vitamin supplements is no substitute for a healthy diet...
Vitamins - common misconceptions
There is no evidence that any one vitamin can slow ageing, restore sex drive or cure infertility...
Find a doctor
Need to find a doctor in your local area?
Take a look at the general practitioners entry in the health services directory.
Find a doctor
Should I get a second opinion?
Getting a second opinion from another healthcare professional can help you make the right decision about about a diagnosis or treatment.
Start now
A-Z of conditions and treatments
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
0-9
Explore conditions and treatments
Consumer Medicine Information
Want to know more about the medications you are taking.
Search and find information sheets on over 4,000 prescription and over-the-counter medicines.
Find out more about over 170 common surgeries including risks, benefits and after care.
Health topics
Conditions and treatments
Healthy living
Services and support
Explore
Recipes
Healthy pantry
Videos
Consumer medicine information
Multilingual health information - Health Translations Directory
About
About us
Accessibility
Content partners
Privacy
Terms of use
Contact us
Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Page last reviewed: 15 Oct 2015
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au:443/conditionsandtreatments/complementary-and-alternative-care
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au:443/about/privacy
Privacy Statement
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au:443/about/terms-of-use
Copyright Notice
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au:443/about/terms-of-use
Disclaimer Notice
This web site is managed and authorised by the Department of Health & Human Services, State Government of Victoria, Australia
© Copyright State of Victoria 2020.
Back to Top