https://www.belmikri.com/privacy-policy.html
Privacy policy
When you use our website, mobile applications and other online products and services there may be times when you provide certain private and personal information about yourself to us.
From the outset, we want you to know that we do respect your privacy. After all, we are in a business of trust, so keeping your information confidential and protected against unauthorized disclosure is very important to us. We intend to limit the amount of information needed by us to the minimum amount necessary to deliver the service you expect from us. This will allow us to serve you better. We do not know who is in fact using our site and mobile applications unless they tell us. We do provide a Contact Us feature on our website that does require you to provide to us certain information about yourself, like your name, social networking screen names, email address and any other information you choose to provide. We will need this information to assist in any inquiry you may have and to determine the best way to respond to you to assure your needs have been met. We do not, and will not share personal information you give to us with any unauthorized third party without your written permission. This means we do not sell or market our customer lists to anyone. We recognize that privacy of your personal information is important. Here is information on what types of information we receive and collect, and how we safeguard your information.
Cookies
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small text file that a website saves on your computer or mobile device when you visit the site. It allows the website to remember your actions and preferences (such as login, language, font size and other display preferences) over a period of time, so you don’t have to keep re-entering them whenever you come back to the site or browse from one page to another.
How do we use cookies?
We do use cookies to store information, such as your personal preferences when you visit our site. This could include the ability to login to some of our features, such as forums.
We use the information that we collect to:
- Customize content, improve and optimize our site and applications
- Display content that you may be interested in
- Analyze use of our services to understand and improve our service offerings, such as determining which pages are most popular, which browsers are most used, how long users spend on our site
- Protect the safety and well-being of our visitors
How to control cookies?
You can control and/or delete cookies as you wish – for details, see aboutcookies.org. You can delete all cookies that are already on your computer and you can set most browsers to prevent them from being placed. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and some services and functionalities may not work.
Log Files
The information in the log files include your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider), the browser you use, access times and which pages you visited.
Device Information
We may collect information about the device you use to access our Services, including information about the device’s software and hardware, Media Access Control (“MAC”) address and other unique device identifiers, mobile network information and time zone. We may also collect information from app stores when you download or update one of our applications.
Mobile Analytics
We may use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our Mobile Software on your device. This software may record information such as how often you use the application, the events that occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance data, and where the application was downloaded from. We do not link the information we store within the analytics software to any personal information you submit within the mobile application.
Children
We do not knowingly collect or use any Personal Information from children under the age of 13. We may collect Non-personal Information, such as information about the device’s software and hardware, device ID or other persistent identifier linked to the device or computer, which may be used by a child to play our Website/Apps. The data collected will be anonymous and not tied to any Personal Information. In addition, this data will be used solely for internal purposes such as personalization of content, security, and to improve and optimize our site and applications.
If you are a parent and you believe your child is participating in an activity that collects personal information, please contact us at: email
If any visitor to the site chooses to provide us with personal information or online contact information(such as an email address), as in an email inquiry, that information will be used only to respond to the message and we will delete this information immediately after responding to the question or request.
We also use third party advertisements. Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies when they advertise on our site, which will also send these advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program*) information including your IP address, your ISP, the browser you used to visit our site. This is generally used for geotargeting purposes (showing New York real estate ads to someone in New York, for example) or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited (such as showing cooking ads to someone who frequents cooking sites).
* Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site.
* Google's use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our sites and/or other sites on the Internet.
* Users may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting the Ads Settings.
You can chose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings. However, this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites. This could include the inability to login to services or programs, such as logging into forums or accounts.
We may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to our information practices. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at: email
belmikri.com