http://www.lizardpoint.com/shared/privacypolicy.php
Geography
Flags
World Leaders
Art
Math & Games
What's New
Teachers
Sign in/Register
World
WORLD map quizzes
Continents and oceans
Printable Maps of World: continents and oceans
AP Human Geography: World Regions
Lots of countries! (159)
All the countries! (196)
World: capital cities (196)
Top 30 countries by population
World Rivers
World Water (225 questions)
World Deserts
World Mountain Ranges
World: countries, US states, water, mountains etc
Airport codes (type answer)
CUSTOM QUIZZES
custom quizzes have moved... look in the green nav bar, towards the right side
Africa
Africa map quizzes
All Countries of Africa (55 questions)
Africa: countries (type answer)
Printable Maps of Africa
Africa Capital cities
map quiz (55 questions)
Africa: Match country flags to the map
Africa: Rivers and lakes
map quiz
Africa: Bodies of water map quiz (NEW!)
Africa: Physical features
map quiz
Africa tourist destinations
Africa Airport codes (type answer)
Africa by Region
Northern Africa countries
(7 questions)
Western Africa countries
(16 questions)
Western Africa Capital cities
(16 questions)
Eastern Africa countries
(11 questions)
Central Africa countries
(11 questions)
Southern Africa countries
(10 questions)
Countries
South Africa: provinces
The Americas
THE AMERICAS
map quizzes
The Americas - countries
The Americas - countries (type answer)
The Americas - capital cities
Americas: Match country flags to the map
Americas Airport codes (type answer)
NORTH AMERICA
map quizzes
Caribbean islands
Caribbean independent countries
Caribbean capital cities
Caribbean: Match country flags to the map
Central America and part of Caribbean
Central America: countries
Printable Maps of Central America countries
Central America: country capitals
North America: Bodies of Water (NEW - has rivers)
North America: Bodies of Water (OLDER VERSION: NO RIVERS)
Central America tourist destinations
Caribbean tourist destinations
CANADA map quizzes
Canada: Provinces and territories
Canada: Provinces and territories (type answer)
Printable Maps of Canada
Canada: Provincial & territorial capitals
Canada: Bodies of water (level 1)
Canada: Rivers
Canada: Seas, Bays, Lakes, Rivers
Canada: Physical features (mountains, water, islands)
Canada: Geophysical regions
Match provincial flags to the map quiz
Canada tourist destinations
Canada airport codes (type answer)
Mexico map quizzes
Mexico: Federal states
Mexico tourist destinations
Mexico: Physical features
USA
map quizzes
USA: States
USA: States (type answer)
Printable Maps of the USA
USA: State capitals
USA: State capitals (type answer)
USA: States - West
USA: state capitals - West
USA: States - East
USA: State capitals - East
USA: Major cities
USA: Rivers
USA: Bodies of water
USA: Governors
USA: Geophysical regions
USA tourist destinations
USA airport codes (type answer)
USA: Match flags to the map quiz
SOUTH AMERICA map quizzes
South America: countries
South America: countries (type answer)
Printable Maps of South America
Country capitals
Rivers & Lakes - level 1
Rivers & Lakes - level 2
South America: physical features
South America tourist destinations
COUNTRIES
Brazil: states
Asia
Asia map quizzes
Asia countries (excludes Western)
Asia - countries (type answer)
Printable Maps of Asia
Asia capitals (excludes Western)
Middle East bodies of water (Western Asia)
Asia physical features
Asia: bodies of water
Match country flags to the map
Asia tourist destinations
Asia Airport codes (type answer)
Asia by Region
Western Asia countries (19 questions)
Western Asia physical features
Central Asia countries (5 questions)
East Asia countries (6 questions)
East Asia cities
(14 questions)
South Asia countries (8 questions)
Southeast Asia countries (11 questions)
Middle East countries (includes Egypt)
Middle East: Match country flags to the map (includes Egypt)
Middle East countries (includes Eqypt) (type answer)
Middle East capital cities (includes Egypt)
Middle East tourist destinations
Countries
Afghanistan: provinces
China: provinces
China: rivers and seas
India: states and union territories
Iran: provinces
Iraq: provinces
Japan: prefectures
Pakistan: provinces
Philippines: islands
Philippines: major cities
Russia: federal subjects
Russia: republics
Australia/Oceania
OCEANIA
map quizzes
Oceania: Countries
Oceania: countries (type answer)
Printable Maps of Oceania
Oceania: capital cities
Oceania: Match country flags to the map
Oceania: Islands
Australia/Oceania tourist destinations
Australia/Oceania airport codes (type answer)
COUNTRIES
Australia states and territories
Australia state capitals
Australia physical features
New Zealand regions
New Zealand major cities
New Zealand water and islands
Europe
EUROPE
map quizzes
European Countries
Europe: countries (type answer)
Printable Maps of Europe
Western European countries
Western Europe: major cities
Eastern European countries
Europe: capital cities
EU Member Countries
Europe: bodies of water level 1
Europe: bodies of water level 2
Europe: rivers level 1
Europe: rivers level 2
Europe: bodies of water 3
Europe: peninsulas, islands, mountains...
Match flags to the map quiz
Europe
tourist destinations
Europe airport codes (type answer)
Countries
Finland: regions
France: regions
France: major cities
Germany: states
Ireland: counties
Italy: regions
Norway: counties
Russia: federal subjects
Russia: republics
Spain: autonomies
Spain: provinces
Sweden: counties
Switzerland: cantons
United Kingdom: countries
UK: England: counties
UK: England: county town hospitals
UK: England: rivers level 1
UK: England: rivers level 2
UK: Northern Ireland: counties
UK: Scotland: counties
UK: Scotland: rivers
UK: Wales: counties
UK: Wales: rivers
UK: major cities
Ukraine: regions
Ukraine: major cities
Weekly Trivia
Definitions
New Geography Definitions quizzes
Geography definitions quiz : All (147 questions)
Geography definitions quiz : Climate
Geography definitions quiz
: Process
Geography definitions quiz : Maps and Measures
Geography definitions quiz : Geography features
Geography definitions quiz
: Water features
Older geography definitions quizzes: these ask 10 random questions
Definitions study guide
Definitions quiz :
all categories
Definitions quiz : climate
Definitions quiz :
process
Definitions quiz:
maps and measures
Definitions quiz :
geography features
Definitions quiz :
water features
Custom Quizzes
CUSTOM QUIZZES
Custom quizzes
Create your own custom quiz
Custom quiz FAQ
Privacy Policy
Lizard Point Quizzes takes online privacy seriously. Please read the following to understand what information is collected and how it is used.
Pages on this website use Google Analytics to track demographic information (such as the visitor's country), technology information (such as browser and operating system), and pages visited. This information is only shown to Lizard Point Quizzes in aggregate form. Lizard Point does not see an individual's information or activity while visiting this site.
If you register for an account on Lizard Point, you will be asked for a user name and email address. You may receive a one-time welcome email from us which introduces you to the features of your account and where to look for help. This welcome email is currently only sent to Teacher accounts. Your mail address and user name are otherwise used to maintain your access to your account, to facilitate signing in and retrieving a lost password/resetting a password. The email address, with your permission, will be used to notify you of new quizzes and site features.
Your email address will not be shared with third parties. If you sign in to your account, the quizzes you complete are recorded in order that we can provide you with the Personalized Quiz Tracker service. Your IP address is recorded with each sign in, and with each quiz that is completed, and is only used by us to maintain site integrity and security. Your educational data is retained only for your own educational purposes, and is shared with your teacher if you have a student account. We may review the data to ensure site integrity or to understand usage patterns that help us evolve our site services.
Special note. We also provide users the ability to sign in to their preexisting Lizard Point account with their Google credentials.
In this case, we will access your Google account email address and use it to verify your account. This saves having to remember and type your Lizard Point password. Be aware, however, that you still need to sign out from Lizard Point - simply signing out of Google will not end your session.
If you create custom quizzes on Lizard Point, your user name will be displayed on a publicly accessible page as the creator of that quiz. There may be other functions in the future in which your user name could be displayed, such as competition rankings. If you have privacy concerns, we recommend that you do not use your real name or identifying information as your user name.
If you do not register for an account, we do not ask you for any personal information such as your name or email address. If you share that information with us by sending an email, rest assured that the information will not be used for anything except to reply to you.
If you make a donation or payment to Lizard Point Quizzes through our payment processor, PayPal, we at Lizard Point do not receive any information about your credit card or banking information. The details of your transaction through PayPal may include your name and address, and this information will only be used by us for tax compliance.
Student Accounts
Lizard Point Quizzes offers special services to educators.
Each of these services involves the creation and use of student accounts.
Student Accounts are either Generated accounts or Student-owned accounts.
Generated accounts are intended for students under 13 years old – or where the educator has special concerns about student privacy.
Generated accounts are intended not to hold any student PII (Personally Identifiable Information).
Usernames are generated to be anonymous (e.g. student01, student02 etc…).
Furthermore, we do not require email addresses for students using generated student accounts.
It is incumbent on the educator to manage and distribute usernames and credentials among students.
Special Note: For educator convenience, we allow teachers to add an ‘alias’ field for each student account.
This may be used by the teacher to aid in reconciling accounts to students (for instance it may contain a student seating code or a student number).
We strongly discourage teachers from using any identifiable information in this field.
Student-owned accounts are registered by the student using their own email addresses.
Students may use their own discretion in creating their usernames – but we advise those with privacy concerns not to use their real, full name.
After students create their accounts they may voluntarily connect these accounts with a teacher’s class account after agreeing to share their quiz results.
Teachers may request students to enter in an alias to aid in reconciling accounts to students.
Once again, we strongly discourage use of any identifiable information in this field.
Account deletion
Student accounts that were generated by teachers can be deleted by the teacher. If a parent wishes to delete a child's account, the parent should first contact the teacher to delete the account, so that the teacher has the opportunity to record any student scores that are required for evaluating the student. If the teacher does not delete the account when requested, the parent should email us to request deletion of the account.
All other accounts - those which are created by providing an email address - can be deleted by the user themself, or by sending us an email request from the email address that the account was set up with. We may require other information to verify the validity of the request.
Security of your data
All user data is encrypted in transit via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology with a certificate issued by Sectigo (formerly Comodo CA).
Advertising
Some pages on this website contain third party advertisements.
Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on your prior visits to this website.
Google uses the DART cookie to enable it and its partners to serve ads to you based on your visit to this site and/or other sites on the Internet.
You can get more information on Google's privacy and advertising policies, and you may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting
Google's Privacy Center.
Last updated: August 25, 2019
Privacy policy |
Terms and Conditions |
About us |
Support us |
Contact us