http://www.olympusat.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy for Olympusat.com
I. Introduction and Implied Agreement to Privacy Policy:
Welcome to Olympusat.com (the “Site”) provided by Olympusat Inc. (“Olympusat”). Olympusat.com and/or its affiliates provide website features to you subject to the following conditions. If you visit or use features from this site (“Site”), including subscribing to any affiliate site if applicable or downloading any information, you expressly accept these conditions. Please read them carefully. In addition, when you use any current or future service or business via a link from the Site, you also will be subject to the guidelines, terms and agreements (“Third Party Terms”) applicable to such service or business. If these conditions are inconsistent with such Third Party Terms, the Third Party Terms will control. For absence of doubt, by using this Site, and any of its affiliated sites and/or subdomains, you agree to our Privacy Policy.
2. Olympusat.com – Privacy Statement:
Olympusat.com is posting this privacy statement to inform our customers of our policies with regards to privacy. The information provided here gives our policy regarding gathering and dissemination of information from our website.
3. Electronic Communications
When you visit Olympusat.com or send e-mails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. You consent to receive communications from us electronically. We will communicate with you by e-mail or by posting notices on this site. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing. By using the Site or affiliated sites and using any of it services you expressly agree to allow Olympusat.com to communicate with you electronically about your account as well as news and information about Olympusat.com.
4. Retention of Information
Any personal information (email address, home address, etc.) that we obtain from visitors/customers will not be sold or shared with any third party without permission, except that for purposes of fulfillment of orders, your name and address only, shall be provided to any third party who fulfills orders on behalf of Olympusat.com. Such third parties will not retain this information upon shipping and are expressly prohibited from using such information for its own purposes. All information gathered is used for internal purposes only. You may exercise the right to not receive future mailings, and information on removing yourself from our e-mail lists is given below.
In some situations, we may be legally obligated to disclose information about you to the government or other third parties. If asked or required by law, we may release information about you to law enforcement, government or officers of the court if we believe it is necessary or appropriate to investigate or resolve potential problems or inquiries.
Olympusat.com gathers information about its visitors in the following ways, and to the extent applicable, if at all:
(i) Site statistics, including, but not limited to, the capture of IP addresses, browser type, operating system used, and Internet cookies, that provide both aggregated non-personally identifiable information, as well as information that may allow us to identify you personally.
(ii) Contest and Registration forms.
(iii) Newsletters and mailing lists.
(iv) Browser type and operating system type data is collected as part of our analytics processes. We may also use the services of reputable third parties to provide us with data collection, reporting, ad response measurement, and site analytics in a non-personally identifiable manner.
(v) Contest and Registration forms on our Site require users to give us contact information including addresses and email addresses. Customer contact information from the registration forms may be used to send information about our company and its products. This information is also used to contact you if necessary.
(vi) Mailing list communications from Olympusat.com’s vendors and partners may be sent to all users of the Site and its services except those requesting to opt-out. We will use this type of communication to notify visitors of the Site of site updates, promotions, and other business communications. You may exercise the right not to receive future mailings, and information by removing yourself from our e-mail lists is given below. This shall not effect Olympusat.com’s right to communicate with you as set forth in above.
Olympusat.com does not knowingly collect personal information, including contact information, from children under the age of 13. When subscribing to newsletters and entering contests, individuals are made aware of the age requirement. By submitting the subscription or entry form, they are attesting they meet the age requirement.
If you feel a minor has inappropriately submitted information, or subscribed to any of our e-mail mailing lists, services or publications, please contact us via phone or email as set forth in Paragraph 4 above.
Removal From Our Mailing Lists
To remove yourself from our mailing lists, please go to the bottom of the e-mail or newsletter and check the box to Unsubscribe.
If you have any issues or questions about our use of your private information, the website, problems obtaining information or with this Web site, please feel free to contact our Customer Care Team by email or mail as set forth above in Paragraph 4.
The last update to these policies was March 6, 2017. We encourage you to periodically check back and review these policies, so that you always will know what information we collect, how we use it, and with whom we share it.
Copyright 2017 Olympusat, Inc.