http://www.financialhistory.org/misc/privacy
Visitor Services »
« Main Menu
Visitor Services
Contact
Photo Tour
Upcoming Events
FAQ
Lower Manhattan
Exhibits »
« Main Menu
Exhibits
Archive
Education »
« Main Menu
Education
The Museum Comes to You
Museum Finance Academy
Education Materials
Publications & Collections »
« Main Menu
Publications & Collections
Magazine
Museum Collection
Books and Catalogs
Newsletter
Events »
« Main Menu
Events
Upcoming Events
Event Archive
News »
« Main Menu
News
Announcements
MoAF in the News
Press Releases
Press Access
Videos
Support »
« Main Menu
Support
Membership
Corporate Support
Sponsorships
Annual Fund
Tributes
Virtual Gift Donors
Planned Giving
Acknowledgements
About »
« Main Menu
Overview
History
Origins
People
Jobs
Contact
Shop
Search
Privacy Policy
We know that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will handle your information carefully and sensibly. This Privacy Policy describes the way that we collect and handle your information.
By visiting Our Site or submitting your personally identifiable information to us, you accept the terms described in this Privacy Policy. From time to time we may revise this Privacy Policy. The new provisions will be effective as soon as they are posted. Please check this page periodically to ensure that you are aware of any change. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into the User Agreement that governs the use of Our Site.
Information We Collect
We collect two types of information: (1) personally identifiable information that you voluntarily submit to us and (2) anonymous information that is automatically collected from all visitors to Our Site.
Personally Identifiable Information. When you register with Our Site or order any products or services offered on Our Site, we will collect personally identifiable information from you such as your name, Email address, phone number, fax number, company, postal address, and, if necessary, your credit card number.
Anonymous Information. Besides personally identifiable information, we also automatically collect IP addresses and Web site usage information from all our visitors when they visit Our Site. This information is anonymous and we do not link it to the personally identifiable information that you submit.
Cookies. We collect the anonymous information through the use of cookies. Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer's hard drive through your web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser. Most Internet browsers will let you disable cookies, but if you do so you may not be able to use the "remember password" and other features.
How We Use The Information We Collect
We use the personally identifiable information you voluntarily submit to us to fulfill your orders and to send you information about events at the Museum of American Finance.
We use the anonymous information we collect automatically to evaluate how our visitors use and navigate Our Site on an aggregate basis, including the number and frequency of visitors to each web page and the length of their visits.
Sharing Personal Information
We share personal information only with the companies that help us fulfill your orders and that perform services to maintain Our Site (such as changing the content of the Site and providing hosting services or maintenance). These companies use your information only for the purpose of providing these services to us.
We may disclose and use personally identifiable information in special circumstances when it is necessary to enforce our User Agreement or this Privacy Policy, or when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires us to disclose your personal information to third parties.
Except as set forth in this Privacy Policy, we will not share your personally identifiable information with any third party unless we first notify you and offer you a choice to opt out.
Your Access to Your Information
If you need to update or revise your personal information, you can do so by accessing your account online, or by contacting us by email at kaguilera@moaf.org, by phone at (212) 908-4110, or by mail at Museum of American Finance, 25 Broadway, 5th Floor, New York, NY 10004.
Your Ability to Choose
When you register with Our Site or order products or services, you can let us know that you do not wish to receive information about Museum events and products or services by opting out at the time you give us your personally identifiable information, by clicking the "unsubscribe" option in any of our emails, or by contacting us by email at kaguilera@moaf.org, by phone at (212) 908-4110, or by mail at Museum of American Finance, 25 Broadway, 5th Floor, New York, NY 10004.
Children
In compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998, we will not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13 without prior verifiable parental consent, unless it is to respond to a one-time request, after which we will delete the information.
Security
The personally identifiable information we collect about you is stored on secure, password-protected servers. Only authorized personnel have access to your information. We use Secure Socket Layer software, which encrypts information you input. We reveal only the last five digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order. Despite our best efforts, no transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Therefore you provide us with your information at your own risk.
Transfer to the United States
If you are located outside of the United States, please note that the information you provide to us will be transferred to the United States and that by registering with Our Site or ordering any of our products or services, you consent to this transfer and the storage of the data in the United States.
Comments and Questions
If you have any questions, comments or concerns about our Privacy Policy, you may contact us by email at kaguilera@moaf.org, by phone at (212) 908-4110, or by mail at Museum of American Finance, 25 Broadway, 5th Floor, New York, NY 10004.