http://www.rspb.org.uk/help/managecookies.aspx?dcm=1
About the RSPB
About us
Our history
Our mission
Media centre
How we are run
Job vacancies
Get in touch
Contact us
Our offices
At home & abroad
England
Scotland
Wales
Northern Ireland
International
Latest press releases
Stress-busting forest bathing at Sandwell Valley
Take a relaxing dip in Sandwell Valley with stress-busting forest bathing.
Mountain hare culls continue despite 'voluntary restraint"
Coalition calls to introduce urgent safeguards for mountain hare populations.
Sunset Safari at RSPB Saltholme.
Witness some fantastic wildlife spectacles, at their sunset safari.
Our work
Conservation
Conservation and sustainability
Projects
Centre for conservation science
Landscape-scale conservation
Our positions and casework
Our positions
Casework
RSPB News
News
'Our work' blog
Latest news
5 bizarre and beautiful bird courtship displays
Bird courtship rituals can vary from the spectacular to the bizarre
5 RSPB wetland reserves working wonders for people and wildlife
Wetland reserves are doing great things for people and wildlife
11 Big Garden Birdwatch fascinating facts
We've pulled together some of the best facts about Big Garden Birdwatch!
Birds & wildlife
Wildlife guides
Identify a bird
Bird A-Z
Other garden wildlife
Guide to birdwatching
UK conservation status explained
Nature's Home magazine
About Nature's Home magazine
Birds and wildlife articles
RSPB Podcasts
Nature's Home blog
Advice
How you can help birds
Gardening for wildlife
Ask an expert
Wildlife and the law
How to report crimes against wild birds
Most popular bird guides this month
Brent Goose
A small, dark goose - the same size as a mallard. It has a black head and neck and grey-brown back.
Nightjar
A nocturnal bird that can be seen hawking for food at dusk and dawn.
Ring Ouzel
male ring ouzels are particularly distinctive with their black plumage with a pale wing panel and striking white breast band.
Get involved
Activities
Big Garden Birdwatch
Give nature a home in your garden
Community & advice
RSPB local groups
Green living
RSPB Community
Get involved blog
Volunteering & fundraising
Volunteer
Fundraise
Campaigning
Climate change effects on nature and wildlife
Protecting wildlife sites
Become a Campaign Champion
Top activities to do
Leave seedheads standing
Feed the birds and give homes to insects by leaving seedheads standing
Volunteer
Explore these pages to find an opportunity that suits you.
Waterwise gardening
Use less water in the garden by installing a waterbutt.
Reserves & events
Reserves A-Z
Events, dates & inspiration
Events
Dates with nature
Places to visit blog
Find a reserve
Find reserves near me
Top reserve this month
Minsmere
There's so much to see and hear at Minsmere, from rare birds and otters to stunning woodland and coastal scenery.
Coombes Valley
This is a delightful oak woodland to walk through - especially in spring and early summer.
Arne
Heathland home to more than 2565 species.
Fun & Learning
For teachers
Lesson plans and supporting resources
Wild Challenge
Free school outreach visits
School trips
Big Schools Birdwatch
Sign up for the newsletter
For families
Big Wild Sleepout
Wild challenge
Nature reserves for families
For kids
Facts about nature
Games and activities
Kids stories
RSPB kids competitions
Latest kids' activities
Fabulous fungi
Go on the hunt for fabulous fungi! How many different shapes, colours and sizes can you spot?
Wild Weather
Rain or shine - can you help us measure the weather?
Nature WOW!
Take a Wild Challenge and look out for something with the WOW factor!
Join & Donate
Join us
Choose a membership
Gift membership
RSPB Life Fellow Membership
Renew your membership
Corporate supporters
Donate
Our appeals
Make a one-off donation
Make a regular donation
Memorial donations
Plant a memorial tree
Leave a gift in your Will
Other people's gifts
Legacy donation FAQs
Legacy administration
Other ways to help
Gift Aid
Support us when you shop
RSPB Images
RSPB second-hand binocular scheme
Win with the RSPB
Payroll Giving
Save your stamps
Login to your account
Shop
Community
About our site
About our siteAccessibilityCommunityCopyrightPrivacy and cookies policyTerms and Conditions
Print pageHome >About our site >Manage your cookies
About cookies
Most websites use 'cookies' - they're small bits of text which your web browser uses to store information and helps us to give you a better experience on our website.Why we use cookies:So you can do things like completing our joining form or making a donationTo make our website better for you to use - for example, the website can 'remember' which is your local area for our 'near you' pagesTo collect anonymous stats - it helps us improve the website if we know which pages are most popularTo help make sharing our stuff on social media easierSo we can see how cost-effective our online advertising is. This information is anonymous but it means we get better value for money when placing ads.Managing cookiesYour web browser will let you specify which cookies you want to keep on your computer. Most browsers allow you to 'trust' certain websites by accepting cookies from them, while avoiding cookies from other sites. The All About Cookies website has a handy guide which explains how to mange your cookies: http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/.
You won't see the warning message again on the RSPB website during this visit. But we will warn you again on subsequent visits.
However, if you've read about cookies and you're happy to accept our use of them, please click 'OK'.
OK
In more depthCookies used on the RSPB websitePrivacy and cookies policy
Cookie Preferences
Accepting all non-essential cookies helps us to personalise your experience
Edit settings
Accept all
Essential cookies are required
These cookies are required for basic web functions
Enable analytics cookies
Allow us to collect anonymised performance data
Enable marketing cookies
Allow us to personalise your experience
Save settings
Read our cookie policy