https://www.123helpme.com
Find Writing Inspiration
Use our writing tools and essay examples to get your paper started AND finished. It's as easy as 123!
View Sample Essays
Why I Want to Become a Nurse Essay example
It’s been my desire, longing for a nursing career since I was in my primary and secondary school. At the age of 12, I began to look after children and baby-sitting then, from there, I gained the understanding…
Read More
College Athletes Should Be Paid Essay
College athletics is a billion dollar industry and has been for a long time. Due to the increasing ratings of college athletics, this figure will continue to rise. It's simple: bigger, faster, stronger athletes will generate more money. College Universities generate…
Read More
Comparing Victor Frankenstein and the Monster in Mary Shelley's Frankenstein
Similarities Between Victor and the Monster in Mary Shelley's Frankenstein<br>In Mary Shelley's Frankenstein, Victor Frankenstein and the monster that he creates are very similar.
For example, Victor creates…
Read More
College - Is it Worth it?
Right now in our society a college education is no longer
an option or privilege, but rather a necessity. We are practically raised and
conditioned to believe that one needs higher education in order to succeed in life…
Read More
Descriptive Essay: A Beautiful Place
I think we all have a beautiful place in our mind. I have a wonderful place that made me happy a lot of times, years ago. But sometimes I think that I am the only person who likes this place and I'm asking myself if this place will be as…
Read More
Group Project Reflection Essay
In a team-oriented setting, everyone contributes to how well the group succeeds overall. You work with fellow members of the group to complete the work that needs to be done. Having the right people in the correct roles is…
Read More
The Crucible: Abigail Williams is to Blame
In Arthur Miller's The Crucible, the main character Abigail Williams is to blame for the 1692 witch trials in Salem, Massachusetts. Abigail is a mean and vindictive person who always wants her way, no matter who she hurts…
Read More
What Is A Family? Essay
The word “family” is unique, special, and controversial among different cultures and ethnicities.
As defined by Random House Western Dictionary, a family is “any group of persons closely related by blood, as parents…
Read More
The Chesapeake and New England Colonies: A Comparison
During the late 16th century and into the 17th century, European nations rapidly colonized the newly discovered Americas. England in particular sent out numerous groups to the eastern coast…
Read More
View Essay Topics
Essay Type
Argumentative Essay
Aspects of an Argumentative Essay
Writing Persuasive or Argumentative Essay
Argumentative Essay: Gun Control is Oppression
Argumentative Essay : School Schedules
Argumentative Essay : Abusive Relationships
Persuasive Essay
Persuasive essay on Hard Work
Persuasive Essay: The Holocaust
A Persuasive Essay : ' Once Upon A Time '
Persuasive Essay : Video Games
Writing a Strong Persuasive Essay
Description Essay
Descriptive Essay: A Beautiful Place
Descriptive Essay Example: The Photo
Descriptive Essay : Descriptive Writing
Descriptive Essay - The Evangelic Church
Descriptive Essay: The Arena
Informative Essay
Informative Essay: Respect
Informative Essay: Shoplifting
Public Speaking Informative Essay
Informative Essay: The Debate Over Gun Control
Informative Essay: Guns and Teen Violence and Death
Personal Narrative Essay
Personal Narrative Essay - My Experience
Writing a Personal Narrative
Personal Narrative - Body Image
Personal Narrative - A Journey
Writing a Personal Narrative
Classification Essay
Classification Essay: Three Types of Friends
Classification Essay - Cats
Classification Essay - Weight Lifters
Classification Essay - Friends
Classification Essay - Four Types of Children
Creative Writing
Creative Writing Proposal
Creative Writing: Memories of our Life
Creative Writing: The Final Journey
Going Home- Creative Writing
Creative Writing: Across the Sea
Compare/Contrast
Comparing or Contrasting Two Items
Compare and Contrast Essay
Compare and Contrast Essay: Online Shopping vs. In-Store Shopping
Compare and Contrast Tragedy and Comedy
Comparison and Contrast of Two Car Advertisements
Writing
Writing Is Hard
I Am Passionate About Writing
What is a Full Writing System?
Reflective Essay: The Writing Process
Writing Self-Evaluation
Reflective
Importance of Reflective Thinking in Life
Reflective Essay on College Writing
Reflective Essay : Reflective Practice
Reflective Essay - Reflective Thinking
What is important? A Reflective Essay
Social Issues
Abortion Essay
Abortion in Canada
Women and the Choice of Abortion
Abortion is Death
Women Have the Right to Choose Abortion
Abortion: A Complex Issue
Death Penalty
The Death Penalty
Politics and The Death Penalty
The Death Penalty is Essential
Capital Punishment And The Death Penalty
The Negative Aspects Of The Death Penalty
Gun Control
Gun Control Laws Should Affect The Economy
Should Gun Control Laws be Stricter?
Gun Control in Canada
Vote Against Gun Control
Gun Rights vs Gun Control
Same Sex Marriage
Same Sex Marriage Should Be Legal
Same Sex Marriage Is Not Acceptable
Pros and Cons of Same-Sex Marriage
Same Sex Marriage Is Immoral And Unnatural
Morality of Same Sex Marriage
Media
Discuss The Relationship Between Media And Information Technology
Analyzing Media Ideology
Changes In Media
Mass Media in Canada
Media Stereotypes
Freedom of Speech Essay
Should There Be Restrictions to Freedom of Speech
Freedom of Speech: My Version and Theirs
Freedom Of Speech Should be Limited
Freedom Of Speech On Social Media
The Importance of the Freedom of Speech
Ethics
Introduction to Ethics
What Does Ethics Mean?
The Importance of Ethics in Society
How Ethics Affects The Individual And Society
Ethics in the Modern World
Child Development
Child Development Stages
Early Emotional Child Development
Does the Environment of a Child Impact Their Development?
The Nature of Child Development
Stages of Development: Middle Childhood
Importance of Education
The Importance of Education
The Importance of Education in Our Society
The Benefits of Education
Why Is The Philosophy Of Education Important?
The Importance Of Education And Personal Financial Independence Through Life Investments
Eating Disorders
Why Are Eating Disorders So Common?
Eating Disorders in Sports
Eating Disorders : An Unhealthy Body
A Struggle to Eat: Battling an Eating Disorder
Understanding Eating Disorders
Science
Architecture
The Effects of Architecture on Society
The Profession of Architecture
Architecture: Critical Regionalism
Metal And Architecture
The Psychology of Architecture
Physician Assisted Suicide
Euthanasia And Physician Assisted Suicide
Medically Assisted Suicide Should Be Legalized
Legalizing Physician-Assisted Suicide
Assisted Suicide
The Legalization Of Doctor Assisted Suicide
ADHD
Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)
The Media and ADHD
The ADD/ADHD Controversy
Effects of ADHD on Adults
A Rise in ADHD Diagnosis Analysis
Mathematics
The Nature of Mathematics
Why Mathematics Is Important
Math Is Everywhere
Gender and Mathematics
Mathematics Is An Arduous Journey
Agriculture
The History of Agriculture
Animal Agriculture and the Environment
Effects of Agriculture on the Environment
Agriculture Technology
The Effects Of Cover Crops On Agriculture
Nursing
Occupational Health Nursing
The College Of Nurses Of Ontario ( Cno )
Professional Practice Model Of Nursing
Pursuing A Nursing Career: Personal Narrative
How Good Nursing Leads to Compassion Fatigue
Technology
Canadian Technological Advancement in the 20th Century
The Effects Of Technology On The Human Mind
Growing up with Technology
Technology Is The Seed Of Our Destruction
How Technology Impacts Our Privacy
Biology
My Experience with Biology
Overview of Molecular Biology
The Uses of Biology
The Evolutionary Biology Of Cancer
Why I Want to Become a Biologist
Chemistry
The Father of Modern-Day Chemistry
The Science Of Chemistry
The Effect Of Periodic Table On The Field Of Chemistry
Careers in Chemistry
The Chemistry of Alcohol
Climate Change
Climate Change Is A Long Term Change
When Did Global Warming Become Climate Change?
Climate Change And Its Effects
Climate Change Is Not Real
Climate Change And Global Warming
Humanities
American History
Progress in American History
A Reflection On American History
American History: 1800s and Up
Impact of Religion on American History to 1877
Defining Moments in American History
Bible
What is the Bible?
The Importance of the Bible to Christians
Love In The Bible
The Bible : The Old Testament And The New Testament
Apparent Contradictions in the Bible
Religion
Why Is Religion Important
Religion And Personal Faith : Religion
Religion: A Personal Perspective
The World Doesn’t Need Religion
What Is Religion?
Philosophy
History Of Philosophy
A Notion of Zero in the Philosophy of Aristotle
What is Philosophy?
Branches of Philosophy: Epistemology, Metaphysics and Ethics
Philosophy vs. Science
Sociology
The Discipline Of Sociology : A Sociological Perspective
Why Sociology Is Important For Our Everyday Lives
Why Should We Study Sociology?
The Debate Of Sociology As A Science Of Society
How the Study of Sociology Helps us to Understand Different Societies
Civil Rights
The Long Struggle for Civil Rights
A Timeline of Major Events in the American Civil Rights Movement
The Civil Rights Movement
The Civil Rights Act of 1964
Timeline of The Civil Rights Movement
Psychology
Choosing Psychology as a Career
Psychology : The Brain And Human Thinking
The Science of Psychology
Psychology : The Mind And Behavior
Sociology and Psychology
Music
Music Is A Product Of Human Intention And Perception
Sex and Violence in Music
What is Music?
The Power of Music to Reduce Stress by Jane Collingwood
Music In Protest
Social Work
Community Social Work Practice : A Wide Range Of Practice
Canadian Association Of Social Workers
The School Of Social Work
Social Work And Social Change
Social Worker And Community Social Work
Sports
Violence in Sports
The Different Types of Sports
The Influence of Violence in Sports
The Evolution of Sports
Lack of Protection in Sports
Business
Economics
What is Economics?
I Want to Pursue a Career in Economics
The Three Most Important Things I Learned in Economics Class
The Basics of Economics
Economics Q & A
Entrepreneur
The Success Of Becoming Entrepreneurs Someday
Characteristics of an Ideal Entrepreneur
Being An Entrepreneur Is A Life Commitment
The Success Story Of Entrepreneurs
Relationship Between Stakeholders And The Entrepreneur
Communication
The Importance of Effective Communication
The Art And Result Of Communication
Communication Is The Process Of Sharing Ideas, Information, And Messages
Effective Communication Is A Key Element Of Success
Communication: The Key to a Successful Relationship
Accounting
The Importance Of Accounting In Our Modern Society
A Critical Component Of Any Accounting Theory Course
The Purpose of Accounting
Pursuing a Career as an Accountant
The Need for Accounting Standards
Business Studies
Business Administration
Degree in Business Administration
Business Culture Is Essential For Creating A Functioning Business
Interest in Business Management
Importance of Strategic Planning when Entering International Markets
Advertising
The Dark Side of Advertising
The New Trend in Advertising
The Role of Advertising in Business
The Power of Advertising
Types of Advertising used by Businesses
Industrial Revolution
The Main Outcomes of the Industrial Revolution
Why The Industrial Revolution Changed The World
Addressing the Evils of The Industrial Revolution
The New Working Class Created by the Industrial Revolution
The Blessings Of The Industrial Revolution
Minimum Wage
History of Minimum Wage
Raising the Minimum Wage
The Minimum Wage Is Too Low
Proposal For Increasing Minimum Wage
The Positive and Negative Effects of Raising Minimum Wage
Shopping
A Comparison of Shopping Online vs. Shopping in a Store
Changes and Behaviors of Shopping
Conventional Shopping and Online Shopping
The Advantages and Risks of Online Shopping
The Science Of Shopping By Malcolm Gladwell
Wall Street Crash
The Wall Street Crash of 1929
Causes of the Wall Street Crash
The Wall Street Crash Of 1929 And The Great Depression
The Effects Of The Wall Street Crash
The Stock Market Crash of 1929
Literature
1984
The Destruction of Family in 1984
Justice in George Orwell's 1984
Success in George Orwell's 1984
Analysis Of The Novel ' 1984 ' By George Orwell
Summary of 1984 by George Orwel
Antigone
Political Authority in Sophocles' Antigone
The Importance of Antigone
Antigone, by Sophocles
Sophocles ' Influences On The Play ' Antigone '
Antigone: Worthy of Being Admirable
Catcher in the Rye
The Catcher in the Rye by J.D. Salinger
Holden's Cry for Help in The Catcher in the Rye
Holden Caulfield in The Catcher in the Rye, by J.D. Salinger
Catcher in the Rye Essay: The Need for Control
Catcher in the Rye Essay: Holden and His Phony Family
Frankenstein
Frankenstein, By Mary Shelley
Mary Shelley's Frankenstein - Victor Frankenstein is to Blame
History behind Frankenstein
The Doppelgänger in Mary Shelley's Frankenstein
The Monster’s Birth in Mary Shelley's Frankenstein
Great Gatsby
The Great Gatsby By F. Scott Fitzgerald
Exploring Gatsby's "Greatness" as Illustrated in Fitzgerald's The Great Gatsby
F. Scott Fitzgerald's The Great Gatsby
The Nature of Man in The Great Gatsby by F. Scott Fitzgerald
Money and Manners in The Great Gatsby by F. Scott Fitzgerald
Hamlet
Hamlet by William Shakespeare
Hamlet: Hamlet's Hate For His Uncle Brought On By Ghost
Shakespeare 's Hamlet : The Disorder Of Denmark
Hamlet and Ophelia
The Role of Minor Characters in Shakespeare's Hamlet
Macbeth
The Soldier Macbeth Is A Hero, The Man Macbeth Is A Coward
The Emotions of Ambition, Remorse and Fear in Macbeth by William Shakespeare
Macbeth's Transition into Darkness
The Problem of Power in Shakespeare's Macbeth
Ambition in Macbeth by Shakespeare
The Odyssey
The Odyssey
Homer's Epic, The Odyssey
The Mythology Of The Odyssey
The Trials of Odysseus Depicted in Homer's Odyssey
The Odyssey: The Use Of Hubris
To Kill a Mockingbird
To Kill a Mocking Bird by Harper Lee
How effective is Harper Lee's title of To Kill a Mockingbird?
Short Summary and Quote Analysis in To Kill a Mockingbird
Life in Maycomb in To Kill a Mockingbird
Discrimination and Rape in To Kill a Mockingbird by Harper Lee
Romeo and Juliet
Use of Time in William Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet
William Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet
Forces Keeping Romeo And Juliet Apart in Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet
Interpretation of Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet
Mercutio's Impact on Romeo and Juliet
Need Writing Help?
Learn the best ways to organize your paper and understand the different style formats in our Writing Help section. Get instant feedback on your paper, create citations, and check for accidental plagiarism.
Get Started
"Starting a paper is so hard - your essay examples helped me get past writer's block and finish my paper on time."- Jessica M.
"The tools are super fast and easy to use - I use them every time I write. Thank you."- Mark T.
"Your articles on writing advice definitely have improved my writing speed ...and grades!"- Noah S.