http://www.nrc.gov/about-nrc/safety-culture/sc-policy-statement.html
Skip to Main Page Content
Skip to Search
Skip to Site Map Navigation
Skip to Footer Links
Home
FAQ
Glossary
Facility Locator
What's New
Site Help
Index A-Z
Contact Us
Email Updates
Listen to page
Search NRC
Report a Safety Concern
Nuclear Reactors
Power Reactors
Research & Test Reactors
Operating Reactors
New Reactors
Operator Licensing
Research Activities
Nuclear Reactor Quick Links
Nuclear Materials
Special Nuclear Material
Source Material
Byproduct Material
Med, Ind, & Academic Uses
Radium
Uranium Recovery
Fuel Cycle Facilities
Materials Transportation
Research Activities
Nuclear Materials Quick Links
Radioactive Waste
Decommissioning of Nuclear Facilities
Low-Level Waste
Waste Incidental to Reprocessing
High-Level Waste
Uranium Mill Tailings
Low-Level Waste Disposal
High-Level Waste Disposal
Storage of Spent Nuclear Fuel
Transportation of Spent Nuclear Fuel
Research Activities
Radioactive Waste Quick Links
Nuclear Security
Domestic Safeguards
Information Security
Radioactive Material Security
Required Reporting for Clearance Holders
Insider Threat Program for Licensees
Criminal History & Firearms Checks
Contact Us
Public Meetings & Involvement
The NRC Approach to Open Government
About Meetings Open to the Public
Conferences & Symposia
Documents for Comment
NRC Rules and Petitions
Facilitating Stakeholder Involvement
NRC Information Quality Guidelines
Subscribe to E-mail Updates
Commission ScheduleAdjudications (Hearings)
Public Meeting ScheduleAdjudicatory Submissions
NRC Library
Basic References
Document Collections
ADAMS Public Documents
Public Document Room
LSN Library
FOIA & Privacy Act
Photos & Video
Records Management
Training Courses
FAQ Index
Get Copies of Documents
Withholding of Sensitive Information
Controlled Unclassified Information Program (CUI)
Electronic Hearing Docket
About NRC
The Commission
Organization & Functions
Governing Legislation
Plans, Budget, & Performance
Locations
History
Values
Direction-Setting & Policymaking
Research Activities
Radiation Protection
Fire Protection
Safety Culture
How We Regulate
Emergency Preparedness & Response
Public Affairs
Congressional Affairs
Enforcement
International Programs
State & Tribal Programs
Alternative Dispute Resolution Programs
Privacy Program
Civil Rights
Contact Us
Career Opportunities
Contracting Opportunities
Small Businesses
Grant Opportunities
Generic Schedules
Print
Safety Culture
Safety Culture Policy Statement
Safety Culture and Nuclear Reactors
Safety Culture and Nuclear Materials
Safety Culture and Nuclear Security
Information for Agreement States
Safety-Conscious Work Environment
Outreach and Education Materials
Public Meetings and Presentations
Contact Us
Spotlight
Choose a Section
NRC COVID-19 Update
For Employees
Transformation at the NRC – Updated
RIC 2021
OIG Hotline
2020-2021 Information Digest
Community Advisory Board Meetings
Nuclear Security
Information Quality Program
Accident Tolerant Fuel
New Reactor Construction – Vogtle
Advanced Reactors
Commission Documents
New Reactor Construction
NRC Safety Culture Policy Statement
Rulemaking Activity
Seabrook Concrete Degradation
Strategic Plan
Home
> About NRC
> Safety Culture
> Safety Culture Policy Statement
Safety Culture Policy Statement
The Safety Culture Policy Statement (76 FR 34773; June 14, 2011) sets forth
the Commission's expectation that individuals and organizations establish and maintain a positive safety culture commensurate with
the safety and security significance of their activities and the nature and complexity of their organizations and functions.
The Safety Culture Policy Statement applies to all licensees, certificate holders, permit holders, authorization holders, holders of quality assurance program approvals, vendors and suppliers of safety-related components, and applicants for a license, certificate, permit, authorization, or quality assurance program approval, subject to NRC authority.
On this page:
Background
Development of the Safety Culture Policy Statement
Definition of Nuclear Safety Culture
Traits of a Positive Safety Culture
This page includes links to files in non-HTML format. See Plugins, Viewers, and Other Tools for
more information.
Background
The U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission has long recognized the importance of a positive nuclear safety culture.
Some of the key milestones in the history of safety culture policy at the NRC are listed below:
Year
Key Milestone
1989
In response to an incident at the Peach Bottom Nuclear Power Plant, the NRC issued a "Policy Statement on the Conduct of Nuclear Power Plant Operations," (54 FR 3424; January 24, 1989).
1996
Following an incident at the Millstone Nuclear Power Station, in which workers were retaliated against for whistleblowing, the Commission issued a policy statement, "Freedom of Employees in the Nuclear Industry to Raise Safety Concerns without Fear of Retaliation," (61 FR 24336; May 14, 1996).
2002–2006
Lessons learned from the degradation of the reactor pressure vessel head at Davis-Besse Nuclear Power Station led the NRC to revise the Reactor Oversight Process (ROP) to strengthen the agency's ability to detect potential safety culture weaknesses during inspections and performance assessments, as described in SECY-06-0122. Regulatory Issue Summary 2006-13, "Information on the Changes Made to the Reactor Oversight Process To More Fully Address Safety Culture," provides information to nuclear power reactor licensees on the revised ROP.
2008–2011
At the direction of the Commission (SRM-COMGBJ-08-0001), the NRC staff began an effort in 2008 to expand the Commission's safety culture policy to address the unique aspects of security and ensure applicability to all licensees and certificate holders.  The NRC engaged in a collaborative effort with stakeholders, including Agreement States, to develop a definition of nuclear safety culture and a list of traits that describe a positive safety culture.  The Final Safety Culture Policy Statement (76 FR 34773; June 14, 2011) was approved by the Commission on March 7, 2011, and became effective upon publication in the Federal Register.
Development of the Safety Culture Policy Statement
The following is a list of NRC documents relevant to the development of the Safety Culture Policy Statement (SCPS), in chronological order from 2008 to 2012.
SRM-COMGBJ-08-0001: 2008 Commission memo directing NRC staff to explore expanding safety culture policy.
SECY-09-0075: NRC staff response to 2008 Commission memo with recommendations for expanding safety culture policy.
SRM-SECY-09-0075: 2009 Commission memo providing additional guidance on development of SCPS.
74 FR 575252: Draft SCPS published in Federal Register for comment in November 2009.
75 FR 57081: Revised draft SCPS published in Federal Register for comment in September 2010.
SECY-11-0005: NRC staff paper with proposed SCPS for Commission approval.
SRM-SECY-11-0005: 2011 Commission memo directing NRC staff to continue to engage with all stakeholders to communicate the contents of the SCPS, educate stakeholders, and ensure they have the necessary support to effectively employ the SCPS as they deem appropriate.
76 FR 34773: Final SCPS published in Federal Register in June 2011.
SECY-12-0008: NRC staff paper outlining implementation plan for the SCPS.
Implementation Plan
update:  June 2015 NRC staff update to implementation plan for the
SCPS – June 2015
Definition of Nuclear Safety Culture
The NRC defines nuclear safety culture as the core values and behaviors resulting from a collective commitment by leaders and individuals to emphasize safety over competing goals to ensure protection of people and the environment.
Traits of a Positive Safety Culture
The Safety Culture Policy Statement includes a list of nine traits further defining a positive safety culture.  These traits describe patterns of thinking, feeling, and behaving that emphasize safety, particularly in goal conflict situations , such as when safety goals conflict with production, schedule or cost goals . The traits listed below are not all-inclusive.  Some organizations may find that one or more of the traits are particularly relevant to their activities.  There may also be traits not included in the Safety Culture Policy Statement that are important in a positive safety culture.
Leadership Safety Values and Actions
Problem Identification and Resolution
Personal Accountability
Leaders demonstrate a commitment to safety in their decisions and behaviors.
Issues potentially impacting safety are promptly identified, fully evaluated, and promptly addressed and corrected commensurate with their significance.
All individuals take personal responsibility for safety.
Work Processes
Continuous Learning
Environment for Raising Concerns
The process of planning and controlling work activities is implemented so that safety is maintained.
Opportunities to learn about ways to ensure safety are sought out and implemented.
A safety conscious work environment is maintained where personnel feel free to raise safety concerns without fear of retaliation, intimidation, harassment or discrimination.
Effective Safety Communications
Respectful Work Environment
Questioning Attitude
Communications maintain a focus on safety.
Trust and respect permeate the organization.
Individuals avoid complacency and continually challenge existing conditions and activities in order to identify discrepancies that might result in error or inappropriate action.
It is the Commission's expectation that all individuals and organizations, performing or overseeing regulated activities involving nuclear materials, should take the necessary steps to promote a positive safety culture by fostering these traits as they apply to their organizational environments. The Commission recognizes the diversity of these organizations and acknowledges that some organizations have already spent significant time and resources in the development of a positive safety culture. The Commission will take this into consideration as the regulated community addresses the Statement of Policy.
Page Last Reviewed/Updated Monday, January 22, 2018
Home
News Releases
Event Reports
ADAMS
Open Gov
Digital Government
The Student Corner
Photos & Video
For Developers
About Us
Strategic Plan
Budget & Performance
Agency Financial Report
License Fees
History of the NRC
Career Opportunities
NRC Ethics
Agency Status
Contact Us
Popular Documents
Info Digest
Fact Sheets & Brochures
Forms
Electronic Submittals Application
Adjudicatory Submissions
NRC Reports – NUREG
NRC Regulations – 10-CFR
Inspection Reports
Plain Writing
Enforcement Actions
RULEMAKING
Stay Connected
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Flickr
LinkedIn
Blog Archived
GovDelivery
RSS
Regulations.gov USA.gov FOIA No Fear EEO Inspector General Program
Site Map Accessibility Privacy Policy Site Disclaimer For Employees