http://www.abpischools.org.uk/terms-and-conditions
Select an age range to seek interactive content for...
Ages5-7
Ages7-11
Ages11-14
Ages14-16
Ages16+
View all topics
You are here:
Home
/
Terms and Conditions
General terms and conditions for use of the ABPI's websites
The operator
Acceptance of the terms and conditions of use of this website
Reliance on information posted or use of this website
Acceptable use of this website – making comments on articles posted to this website
Unacceptable use of this website
The "My ABPI" Members' Zone, the ABPI Events booking website, the ABPI Exams site, The ABPI Careers site, the ABPI Schools site, the PMCPA site, the OHE site
Using resources from and linking to this website – trademarks and copyright
Privacy policy
Availability of the website and changes to the website or these terms
Governing law
Date
1. The operator
This website is owned and administered by the Association of the British Pharmaceutical Industry ('the ABPI' or 'we') which is a company limited by guarantee registered no. 09836787 whose main address is at 7th Floor, Southside, 105 Victoria Street, London SW1E 6QT. Unless otherwise stated the ABPI website is hosted by Enigma Interactive Ltd on our behalf (the ABPI reserves the right to change web host at any time).
The ABPI operates an acceptable use policy for contributions posted to this website and respects the privacy of the users of our website. The ABPI privacy policy explains your rights and how we may use any personal data (including 'cookies') disclosed to us by your use of our websites.
The ABPI events website is hosted by CVENT Incorporated, a company based in Virginia USA, on our behalf (the ABPI reserves the right to change web host at any time). ABPI are contracting via their UK subsidiary, which operates from 131–151 Great Titchfield St. London, UK W1W 5BB. This facility uses a secure payment processing site. Please note that in order to complete a booking your data will be transferred out of the EU to the USA.
For any enquiries, please use the relevant 'Get in touch' box on the Contact page as directed below:
Technical operation of this site: Contact page
ABPI generally: Contact page
Educational resources: ABPI Resources for Schools Contact page
Careers information: ABPI Careers Contact page
Exams for Medical Representatives: ABPI Exam Contact page
ABPI Code of Practice: PMCPA Contact page
ABPI Events booking website: ABPI Events Contact
To request a copy of any information held about you as a result of your use of this website in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998, please contact the ABPI Data Controller: Contact page
To request permission to use the ABPI Trade Mark or any information or Resources from our website, use the application form (Word, 146KB).
Various parts of this website are devoted to different aspects of ABPI work. Please read Section 6 for more information.
The ABPI promotes inclusion for all, regardless of disability, capability or technology. We have undertaken to use our knowledge and understanding of the ways in which different people access the internet, to develop a site that is clear and simple for everybody to use.
This site has been designed to be highly accessible and usable in accordance with the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG v2.0) published by the Web Accessibility Initiative(WAI) of the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C).
Should you have difficulty accessing information on any page of this site, please contact us giving the web pages (URLs) of the pages concerned and outlining your requirements. We will endeavour to supply the information to you in another form.
The Consumer Rights Act 2015 says digital content must be as described, fit for purpose and of satisfactory quality:
if your digital content is faulty, you're entitled to a repair or a replacement
if the fault can't be fixed within a reasonable time, or without causing you significant inconvenience, you can get some or all of your money back
if you can show the fault has damaged your device and the seller hasn't used reasonable care and skill, you may be entitled to a repair or compensation
This is a summary of your key rights. For detailed information please visit the Citizens Advice website or call 03454 040506.
Back to top
2. Acceptance of the terms and conditions of use of this website
By using this website you are accepting these Terms and Conditions. If you do not agree to these Terms and Conditions you should exit the website and refrain from using it. The ABPI may revise these Terms and Conditions at any time by amending this page.
These Terms and Conditions may be supplemented by other terms particular to different sections of the website. Notices about any additional terms will be published clearly on the relevant section of the website.
Please note that if you are granted a password for use on this website you must keep it confidential at all times. Anyone using your login and password will be deemed to have done so with your permission and you will be liable for their use of the website as if they were you.
Anyone using your details to register comments on this website or using your password to access restricted sections of this website or make bookings to attend events or register for exams on your behalf will be deemed to have done so with your permission and you will be fully liable for their use of the website as if they were you.
Back to top
3. Reliance on information posted or use of this website
Materials posted on, and downloadable from, this website are not intended to amount to advice on which reliance should be placed. ABPI disclaims all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance placed on such materials by any visitor to the website, or by anyone who may be informed of its contents.
Information provided on this website has been provided in good faith and the ABPI uses reasonable care to ensure the information is up to date. However, the ABPI makes no representations or warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or currency of such information; although ABPI may make reasonable efforts to correct any information it understands to be inaccurate.
There are hypertext and other links in this website which, if used, will involve you entering another website which is not controlled by the ABPI. ABPI accepts no responsibility or liability in respect of your access to, or use of, any website which is not under its direct control or in respect of any materials posted on such a website. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement or approval of such a website.
ABPI will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of this website or to your downloading of any material posted on it, or on any website linked to it.
The material displayed on this website is provided without any guarantees, conditions or warranties as to its accuracy. To the fullest extent permitted by law the ABPI expressly excludes:
All conditions, warranties and other terms which might otherwise be implied by statue common law or equity
Any liability for direct, indirect or consequential loss or damage incurred by any user in connection with our site or in connection with the use, inability to use, or results of the use of our site, any websites linked to it and any materials posted on it, including:
loss of income or revenue
loss of business
loss of profits or contracts
loss of anticipated savings
loss of data
loss of goodwill
wasted management or office time
whether caused by tort (including negligence), breach or contract or otherwise, even if foreseeable, provided that this condition shall not prevent claims for loss of or damage to your tangible property or any other claims for direct financial loss that are not excluded by any of the categories set out above.
Back to top
4. Acceptable use of this website – making comments on articles posted to any ABPI website
From time to time on this website, the ABPI may provide a facility to make a comment or register your views in relation to a particular article or document posted on any particular part of the website. Unless identified as having been made by an ABPI staff member on behalf of the ABPI, the ABPI does not accept the views of those making postings of comments or participating in discussions on the website either as its own or as necessarily being in accordance with its own views.
Although the ABPI may from time to time monitor moderate or review discussions, chats, postings, transmissions, bulletin boards, and the like on our website, the ABPI is under no obligation to do so and assumes no responsibility or liability arising from the content of any such locations nor for any error, defamation, libel, slander, racism, discrimination, omission, falsehood, obscenity, pornography, profanity, danger, or inaccuracy contained in any information posted on the website.
Community standards and participation guidelines
There are some simple guidelines which we expect all participants to the ABPI’s websites to abide by, all of which directly inform our approach to what is posted on all ABPI websites.
Think before you post. There's no such thing as a "private" comment or post online. Search engines can turn up your posts years later. Don’t post something today that may haunt you later.
Be respectful. If readers see your affiliation with ABPI, they may read your words as representing the Associations views, even if you provide a disclaimer saying your views are your own. As a general rule, be respectful and don’t post anything you would be uncomfortable saying in a public setting – or in front of your boss.
Maintain confidentiality. Do not post confidential, proprietary or protected health information about students, employees, patients or other members of the ABPI community.
The ABPI reserves the right at all times, in our absolute discretion, and without need to give notice or reason, to remove or delete or refuse to publish any material you submit for inclusion on this website, whether or not in actual or suspected breach of these terms and conditions of use.
Posting of material on this website has potential to give rise to a legal liability. You should only post material on this website that you would feel comfortable in disclosing to members of the public at large. Your contributions must be accurate (where they state facts), genuinely held (where they state opinions) and comply with applicable law statutes and regulations in the UK and in any country from which they are posted.
Please note that once a posting has been made, unless you apply to the moderator to have the text you have submitted removed, or the moderator in their reasonable opinion decides to remove it in any event, the posting will remain freely available to other users of the site.
In the event that you decide to submit any material for inclusion on this website (including without limitation any personal information, know-how, comments, ideas, questions, techniques, abstracts, web links, photographs or similar), you agree
That such material will not be deemed to be confidential and or proprietary to you or your employer and that you have the right to publish such information without breaching any other person’s IP rights including your employer
To grant the ABPI a worldwide, perpetual, royalty-free, non-exclusive licence to use, disclose, copy, modify, adapt, publicly display and translate all or any of such material for any purpose whatsoever without restriction and
To indemnify the ABPI in full for any loss it suffers as a result of any breach of these terms of use by you or with your authority.
Back to top
5. Unacceptable use of this website
You may only use the website for lawful purposes at all times and you shall not do anything which damages, interferes with, disrupts access to, interrupts or impairs the functionality of the website or inhibits other user’s use and enjoyment of the website. The ABPI will fully co-operate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing the ABPI to disclose the identity of anyone posting any such information or materials.
In particular you must not:
Misuse the website by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs, time-bombs, keystroke loggers, spyware, adware or any other harmful programs or similar computer code designed to adversely affect the operation of any computer hardware or software in a malicious or technologically harmful way
Attack the website via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack
Post any content or any link to another site containing materials that is an advertisement or offer to sell goods or services
Misrepresent your identity or status or employer’s name
Remove or attempt to change the content of any materials posted by other parties or
Post any material in a way that suggests it is authorised or endorsed or posted by the ABPI
Use material posted by other parties to collect or process other people’s personal data
Knowingly, upload or send material which does not comply with the ABPI’s acceptable use standards
Attempt to gain unauthorised access to the website, the server on which the website is stored or any server, computer or database connected to the website
Transmit, or procure the sending of, any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising or promotional material or any other form of similar solicitation (spam)
Use the website in any way that breaches any applicable local, national or international law or regulation
Post or transmit any unlawful, fraudulent, threatening, libellous, defamatory, untrue, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, harassing, menacing, racist, pornographic, or profane material or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offence, give rise to civil liability (such as but not limited to being in breach of confidence or privacy, or of any IP rights belonging to someone else including your employer), or otherwise violate any law.
By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. The ABPI will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and the ABPI will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use the ABPI website will cease immediately.
Failure to comply with these terms constitutes a material breach of these Terms and Conditions and may result in the ABPI taking all or any of the following actions as we deem appropriate:
Immediate or future, temporary or permanent withdrawal of your right to use the website
Immediate or future, temporary or permanent removal of any posting or material uploaded by you to the website
Issue of a warning to you
Legal proceedings against you for reimbursement of all costs on an indemnity basis (including, but not limited to, reasonable administrative and legal costs) resulting from the breach
Further legal action against you and
Disclosure of such information to law enforcement authorities as we reasonably feel is necessary.
Back to top
6. The "My ABPI" Members' Zone, the ABPI Events booking website, the ABPI Exams site, The ABPI Careers site, the ABPI Schools site, the PMCPA site, the OHE site
Various parts of this website are devoted to different aspects of work of the ABPI and are linked to this website by using a different dedicated domain name.  Some of these are available only to use on registration with the ABPI, and if you are eligible to have access to any particular part of the website you will be granted a log-in and password.
Where possible we will use the same log-in and passwords to enable you to access any restricted areas of the website. Please note however that just because you have a login and password does not necessarily mean that you will be granted access to all the restricted parts of the website. You may need to make multiple applications for permission to access different restricted parts of the website or accept additional terms and conditions particular to these parts of the website.
"My ABPI" is a forum for the ABPI membership community to interact and share opinions on topics of business interest to the pharmaceutical industry in the UK. This is a secure password website only accessible to registered individuals who are employees of ABPI Member Companies or otherwise approved by the ABPI. You must apply for permission to be granted access, using the links provided on the Members home page. These terms and conditions of use will apply to your use of the Members' Zone. Once granted you will be given a login and must generate a password to be kept secure at all times.
The ABPI Events Booking Site is a public access website operated by the ABPI hosted on our behalf by CVENT Inc, which an events website hosted in the USA (or such alternative webhost as ABPI may choose at any time). Payments on this website are processed via Cybersource, which is a secure payments site based in the USA. After having registered for an event, you will be given a login and must generate a password, which must be kept secure at all times and will be used when you register to use this site or make bookings. There will be additional terms and conditions of use for the ABPI Events Booking Site that you will be expected to adhere at all times when logged in. These terms are posted on the home page for the ABPI Events Booking Site.
The ABPI E-learning website is a website  accessible only to individuals who have purchased access via the ABPI Exams Site (accessible only to registered individuals who are seeking to undertake or have already undertaken the ABPI Medical Representatives examination in order to practice as a sales representative in accordance with the ABPI Code of Practice). Once access has been purchased you will be given a log in and must generate a password to be kept secure at all times. There will be additional terms and conditions of use for the ABPI E-learning website that you will be expected to adhere at all times. These terms are posted on the home page for the ABPI Exams Site.
The ABPI Careers Site and Schools Site are public access websites operated by the ABPI. The Careers Site is hosted on our behalf by Advanced 365 Ltd, the Schools Site is hosted on our behalf by Enigma Interactive Ltd  (or such alternative web host as ABPI might choose at any time). You are free to download resources for private and educational use only from these web pages in accordance with these terms and conditions using the download facility provided which will record your details when doing so. Any requests from commercial organisations to download or use ABPI resources for other purposes must apply to ABPI for a licence using the separate application form (Word, 146KB) provided.
The PMCPA Site is a public access website about the ABPI Code of Practice for the pharmaceutical industry which is operated at arm’s length from the ABPI by the Prescription Medicines Code of Practice Authority and hosted on their behalf by Haizum ltd (or such alternative web host as PMCPA may choose at any time). There will be additional terms and conditions of use for the PMCPA Site that you will be expected to adhere at all times when on that site. These terms are posted on the home page for the PMCPA Site.
The OHE Site is a public access website owned by the ABPI but operated by its trading entity the Office of Health Economics and hosted on their behalf by XXXX (or such alternative web host as OHE may choose at any time). The OHE is a consultancy specialising in provision of state of the art advice on health economics. There will be additional terms and conditions of use for the OHE Site that you will be expected to adhere at all times when on this site. You may be asked to register if you wish to use any of the OHE’s added value parts of the website. These terms are posted on the home page for the OHE Site.
Back to top
7. Using resources from and linking to this website – trademarks and copyright
The ABPI logo device, the OHE logo device, and the PMCPA device and word are registered trademarks of the ABPI, OHE and PMCPA respectively (the 'Trademarks'). Any use of the trademarks without appropriate written permission is strictly prohibited. To apply for permission to use any of the trademarks please use the Get in Touch form on the ABPI website.
The ABPI is the owner or licensee of all copyright in the text, data, graphics, designs and their arrangement on this website (the 'ABPI Resources'). These works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world and all rights therein are reserved.
7.1 All ABPI Resources are available to download as electronic copies free of charge. As an individual you are free at all times to download and use any of the electronic ABPI Resources for your own personal reference. You may print off one copy and draw the attention of others to resources posted on this website.
7.2 If you are interested in downloading a free resource for educational use, please follow the links on the relevant ABPI Schools or Careers web pages.
7.3 If you wish to obtain ready-printed copies of ABPI pdf resources (where available) there will be a charge involved to cover the costs of producing the printed documents and their package & postage. The amount of any charges will be notified either on the website or on application depending on the numbers of copies you request. You should apply to purchase printed copies using the “get in touch” facility.  After placing an order, you will receive an e-mail from us acknowledging that we have received your order. Please note that this does not mean that your order has been accepted; we will need to check whether the document(s) requested is/are available. Your order constitutes an offer to us. Orders are accepted by us only when we take successful payment via telephone or fax, at which point the contract between us (the “Contract”) will be formed, and the document(s) will be despatched to you.
Cooling-off period: cancelling the contract
If you are contracting as a consumer, you may cancel the contract at any time within 14 calendar days, beginning on the day after you received the hard-copy document(s). To cancel the contract, you must inform us in writing. You must also return the document(s) to us as soon as reasonably practicable, and at your own cost. Where you have cancelled the Contract between us in line with the above, you will receive a full refund of the charges paid for the document(s), plus any applicable delivery charges. We will process the refund due to you as soon as possible and, in any case, within 30 days of the day on which you gave notice of cancellation. We will usually refund any money received from you using the same method originally used by you to pay for the document(s). You have a legal obligation to take reasonable care of the document(s) while they are in your possession. If you fail to comply with this obligation, we may have a right of action against you for compensation.
The Consumer Rights Act 2015 says digital content must be as described, fit for purpose and of satisfactory quality:
if your digital content is faulty, you're entitled to a repair or a replacement
if the fault can't be fixed within a reasonable time, or without causing you significant inconvenience, you can get some or all of your money back
if you can show the fault has damaged your device and the seller hasn't used reasonable care and skill, you may be entitled to a repair or compensation
This is a summary of your key rights. For detailed information please visit the Citizens Advice website? or call 03454 040506.
7.4 Requests to use the whole or any part of an ABPI Resource within your own documents or resources should be made using the application form (Word, 146KB).
You must not modify the materials you download in any way, and any extracts from ABPI Resources such as illustrations, graphics, photographs, video or audio sequences must be used together with their accompanying text
Where possible the ABPI is happy to grant licences to schools, individuals and companies to use ABPI Resources in your own documents presentations and publications provided you acknowledge the ABPI as the source and do not remove any copyright notices we have put on them
However in certain circumstances it may not be possible for ABPI to grant a sub-licence to use particular images, texts or data especially where we have needed to obtain a licence from a third person to use it on our website
In the main we are happy to grant this licence as royalty-free (no cost) to both commercial not-for-profit and educational organisations. However if the ABPI resource you request contains copyright images or a dataset licensed to ABPI by a third party, we may reserve the right to pass on to you any charges required to reimburse the price of purchase of an appropriate licence from the third party.  We will let you know whether there will be any charge involved or whether you must apply directly to any third party for a licence to use the Resource when we consider your application form (Word, 146KB).
7.5 Please apply to OHE and PMCPA directly using links on their pages for licences to use any of their publications and resources.
7.6 Linking to the website: You may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists. You must not establish a link from any website that is not owned by you.
This website must not be framed on any other site, nor may you create a link to any part of the website other than the home page. The ABPI reserves the right to withdraw linking permission without notice. The website from which you are linking must comply in all respects with the content standards set out in our acceptable use policy.
If you have any questions or wish to make any use of resources on this website, please contact us.
Back to top
8. Privacy policy
8.1 Use of cookies by the ABPI
Cookies are small data files transferred to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser to enable our systems to recognise your browser and to provide us with details of how our website is used.
The table below explains the cookies we use and why.
Cookie
Name
Purpose
More information
Add This
dt, loc, di, psc, uvc, uid, bt, uit, _mpush, _xguid, _xgcid, _atuvc
Used for Add This sharing feature to allow for easy access to adding a site as a favourite
www.addthis.com
Google Analytics
_utma _utmb _utmc _utmc _utmz
Used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.
Google
YouTube
PREFF
Used for YouTube content.
YouTube
Site Session Cookies
*
Used to register user interaction.
This site uses randomly generated numbers as session cookies that inform the site that you are still active during your session. These will be deleted when you log off and will in no way personally identify you.
For more information, please see Section 8.3.
8.2 Information we may collect or use about you
The ABPI may collect and process the following data about you:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on this website. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use the website, subscribing to any service, posting material or requesting further services
If you contact the ABPI, we may keep a record of that correspondence
If you contact the ABPI in order to log into any of the ABPI Members' Zone or Events sites, or to the Exams site, to indicate your attendance at an ABPI Group meeting or to process any orders you may place for bookings to attend at ABPI Events or Bookings for Exam sittings, ABPI may request further information from you in accordance with the context of the event or booking to be processed. For example, provided that you make appropriate payment, it is possible to make bookings for ABPI Events on behalf of a number of colleagues whose personal details you may be required to record also. Your attention is drawn to the additional specific terms and conditions of use of each of these sites the Members Zone, the ABPI Events Booking Site and the Exams Site
To enable the ABPI to process any order for purchases requiring payment by you from any of the ABPI sites in particular: ABPI Library, or the Exams site. Where possible the ABPI uses a secure online payment facility which is enabled to process payments using debit/credit card details. This facility is run by a third party organisation 'Secure Trading Ltd' of www.securetrading.com (or such alternative provider as the ABPI might choose at any time) and so other than during the short time it takes to process the transaction the ABPI will not be collecting or storing your payment card details on our IT systems.
The ABPI uses this information in the following ways:
to ensure that content on this website is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer
to provide you with information, products or services that you request from the ABPI or which we feel may interest you about the ABPI and our work where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes
to carry out obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and the ABPI
to allow you to participate in interactive features of ABPI service, when you choose to do so
to notify you about changes to our services.
The ABPI may disclose your personal data to a third party if it is under a legal duty to disclose or share your personal data with law enforcement agencies or in order to comply with any legal obligation, or to enforce or apply any of these Terms and Conditions; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of the ABPI or others.
The ABPI may need to transfer your data outside the EU to process your details for attending an ABPI Event. This data will be collected on our behalf by CVENT inc, a company based in Virginia USA. Not only does Cvent strive to collect, use, and disclose personally identifiable information (Personal Information) in a manner consistent with the laws of the countries in which it does business, but it also has a tradition of upholding the highest ethical standards in its business practices. Cvent complies with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland. Cvent has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement. To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view Cvent’s certification, please visit Export.gov.
The ABPI does not sell personal information it has gathered about you to third parties.
If you are an existing user of the ABPI services we will only contact you with information about goods and services similar to those which were the subject of our previous contact with you.
We may also ask you to complete surveys that we use for research purposes, although you do not have to respond to them.
If you are a new user ABPI will contact you only if you have consented to this by using the contact us facility or by sending us a direct email using the 'Get in touch' form. We will only send you details connected with your original enquiry unless you have indicated a wider preference using the opt-in box on the Get in Touch facility via the contact page.
If you do not want ABPI to use your data in this way please indicate this when you submit your data either by not checking the opt-in box or expressly stating so within the free text box on the relevant Get in Touch facility.
The ABPI does not sell personal information it has gathered about you to third parties.
8.3 Further information about cookies and IP addresses
The ABPI may collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration. This is statistical data about our users' browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual.
When you use the site, certain information is automatically collected relating to that use. For example, we may use cookies, 'clear GIFs' (a/k/a 'web beacons,' or 'pixel tags'), or similar technologies to retain information about you and your use of the site.
Internet browsers normally accept cookies by default, but it is possible to set a browser to reject cookies. If you set your browser to reject the ABPI’s cookie you will still be able to use this website. However, you may experience problems using any enabled ABPI’s electronic purchasing system or members only access site if you do so.
Cookies are small data files transferred to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser to enable our systems to recognise your browser and to provide us with details of how our website is used. Cookies often include an anonymous unique identifier and track and store your user preferences while using the site as well as technical information about your use of the site. They help us to improve our site and to deliver a better and more personalised service. Some of the cookies we use are essential for the site to operate.
Most web browsers can be set to inform you when a cookie has been sent to you and provide you with the opportunity to refuse that cookie.  It is also possible to set your browser to reject certain types of cookies or cookies generally. If you set your browser to reject our cookies, then you will still be able to use the site. Our cookies only capture the personal data you provide to us in order to process your registration. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit the All about cookies website.
This website uses Google Analytics. These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, the time that you visited the site, whether you have been to the site before and what site referred you to the web page. Browsers do not share first-party cookies across domains. To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites, visit the Google website.
We may also use clear GIFs or similar technologies to enable us to know whether you have visited a particular web page, viewed content or received a message. A clear GIF is typically a one-pixel, transparent image (although it can be a visible image as well), located on a web page or in an email or other type of content or message, which is retrieved from a remote site on the Internet enabling the verification of an individual’s viewing or receipt of a web page, content or message.
You cannot opt out or refuse clear GIFs. However, where they are used in conjunction with cookies (for example, to gain an understanding of how you navigate through and process the content contained in the site) they can be made ineffective by either opting out of cookies or by changing the cookie settings in your browser (see above).
We automatically collect data about your Internet address when you use the site. This information, known as an Internet Protocol (IP) address or IP address, is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer or device by your Internet service provider or carrier whenever you are online. If you access the site from a mobile or other device, your unique device identifier assigned to that device or other transactional information for that device may also be collected.
We may also record the web page from which you linked to the site (for example, another website or a search engine); the pages you visit on the site; the website you visit after the site; and/or other information about the type of web browser, computer, device, platform, related software and settings you are using; any search terms you have entered on the site or a referral site; and other usage activity and data logged by us. We use this information for internal system administration, to help diagnose problems with our servers and to operate the site. We may also use such information to gather broad demographic information, such as country of origin and Internet service provider or carrier.
By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies and other tracking technologies as described above. However, as required by law, we will offer you the ability to opt-in to receiving non-essential cookies.
The ABPI may obtain information about your general internet usage by using a cookie file which is transferred to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser and stored on the hard drive of your computer. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive and enable the ABPI to improve this website and to deliver a better and more personalised service. They enable the ABPI:
to estimate audience size and usage pattern
to store information about your preferences, and so allow ABPI to customise this website according to your individual interests
to speed up your searches
to recognise you when you return to this website.
The following types of cookies are used on this website:
Webtrends: The ABPI Web server will install a cookie on your machine in order to aid the accuracy of a statistical program called 'webtrends'. While a profile can be built up of a user's surfing habits through the use of this cookie, the cookie itself contains no personal information. The ABPI uses these profiles to establish common surfing patterns of our users, which helps us to maintain and enhance the service provided. This cookie will remain on your computer indefinitely, even after you leave this website.
Session cookies: As you surf around this website there are often times when the ABPI needs to remember technical information about you as you surf page to page. The ABPI uses this technical information in a multitude of ways to enhance your user experience. This cookie contains no personally identifiable information and only lasts until you end your session and leave this website.
Persistent or login session cookie: When you log into a restricted section of this website the ABPI may set a cookie on your PC to remember your login details. This can be used for your convenience so that on subsequent visits, you aren´t required to provide the entire login information again. This cookie will remain on your computer indefinitely, even after you leave this website.
Flash cookies:
This site does not use Flash cookies by default however it uses the Flash player which allows website users to right click and change settings. If settings are changed a Flash cookie is added.
To remove the Flash cookie, use the Adobe tool which allows control over cookies, and also allows you to disable flash cookies.
For users with Flash Player 10.3 or higher Flash cookies will be deleted automatically when you delete the browsing history in your web browser. This functionality currently works in Mozilla Firefox 4, Microsoft Internet Explorer 8 and higher and future releases of Apple Safari and Google Chrome.
8.4 Where we store data
Any payment transactions made on-line will be enabled using encrypted SSL technology where the facility to pay on-line exists. It may not be possible for us to take payments for all services or products online, and you are always free to contact ABPI Finance to make payment over the phone. The ABPI does not and will not store any credit card data either online or in hard copy.
Please do not send us credit card information using emails or the 'Contact us' facility as this is not a secure method of transferring this sensitive information. If you need to pay using a credit card but either do not wish to or are not able to use the online secure payment system the ABPI Finance team will take your payment over the telephone and then immediately destroy your details once the transaction has been confirmed.
From time to time it may be necessary for the ABPI to use a third party to process your information, particularly in relation to posting out hard copies of our resources from the ABPI Library, organising Events, Exams or taking payments for bookings made on any of its websites.
You agree that we may use your data to give to our contractors specifically to process and fulfil any orders you place, to process your payment details securely and provide us with support services in running events or exams or managing storage of our document stocks. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing, which may include transfer of your data outside the EU. For example, when using the Events Booking Website, this is presently hosted by CVENT inc a company based in Virginia, USA. The ABPI will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
Cvent complies with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland. Cvent has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement. To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view Cvent’s certification, please visit Export.gov.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although the ABPI will do its best to protect your personal data, it cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to the website; any transmission is at your own risk. Once the ABPI has received your information, it will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
The Data Protection Act gives you the right to access personal data held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act. Any access request may be subject to a fee of £10 to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you.
To request a copy of any information held about you as a result of your use of this website in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998, please email the ABPI Data Controller at info@abpi.org.uk.
Back to top
9. Availability of the website and changes to the website or these terms
Access to the website is permitted on a temporary basis and the ABPI reserves the right to withdraw or amend any of the services provided, or to suspend or restrict access to or close the website indefinitely without notice.  The ABPI will not be liable if for any reason the website is unavailable at any time or for any period.
The ABPI aims to update the website regularly and may change the content, layout and means of accessing certain functions on the site at any time. However, any of the material on our website may be out of date at any given time, and ABPI is under no obligation to update such material.
If the need arises, we may suspend access to our site, or close it indefinitely, without prior notice.
If you are provided with a user identification code, password or any other piece of information as part of the ABPI’s security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential, and not disclose it to any third party. The ABPI reserves the right to disable any user identification code or password, whether chosen by you or the ABPI, at any time, if in the ABPI’s opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these Terms and Conditions. Anyone using this website with your user identification code or password will be deemed to have done so with your permission and you will be liable for their use of this website as if they were you. Such liability shall include but not be limited to liability for comments left on the website and bookings made and registered for ABPI events or exams.
Back to top
10. Governing law
These Terms and Conditions and the use of this website are governed by English law.
The English courts will have exclusive jurisdiction over any dispute or claim arising from, or related to, a visit to our site although we retain the right to bring proceedings against you for breach of these conditions in your country of residence or any other relevant country.
If any part of these Terms and Conditions shall be found to be unlawful, void or unenforceable, that part shall be able to be removed and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining parts.
Back to top
11. Date
These terms and conditions are dated May 2016.
The Association of the British Pharmaceutical Industry, registered company no. 09826787 of 7th Floor, Southside, 105 Victoria Street, London SW1E 6QT.