https://www.promhairstyles.net/privacy-policy/
Who we are
Our website address is: http://www.promhairstyles.net.
We aim to give you more information about hair styles in our own diameter. The accuracy of this information we provide is our opinion. We do not guarantee in any way, or rather, you can go to a specialist. It is up to your free will to implement the ideas we wrote. We are not responsible for the problems that may arise from these ideas and information.
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
SCOPE OF THE PRIVACY POLICY
As part of the service offered, promhairstyles.net may obtain and transfer information about you to the recipient under this Privacy Policy. Such information transfers are made in accordance with the conditions set by third parties and existing contracts with third parties and current legal legislation in force. This Privacy Policy does not reflect the privacy practices of third parties to whom information is transferred and promhairstyles.net is not responsible for their privacy policies or practices. This Privacy Policy promhairstyles.net is outside of its control, information collected by third-party websites and platforms, information collected by third parties through links on the promhairstyles.net website, or third party internet sponsored and / or participated by promhairstyles.net does not include titles, campaigns and other advertisements or promotions on their website. Promhairstyles.net is not responsible for the transactions made on the personal data that third parties collect, store and use through their own websites.
Contact information
e-mail:
admin@promhairstyles.net
yeniking15@gmail.com
Turkey
Recent Posts
The Best 10 Long Hairstyles of 2020
The Best 8 Long Hairstyles For Men 2020’s
Top 10 Wrist Tattoo Models
Prom Hairstyles for Long Hair
Curly Prom Hairstyles
Recent Commentsonline casinoo on Prom Long Hairstyles for MenSerene Mar Diarmid on Prom Hairstyles for Short Hairjimmy on Prom Medium Hairstyles for MenTaylor on Curly Prom HairstylesLina on Prom Hairstyles for Long HairArchives
August 2020
July 2020
June 2020
Login
Copyright © 2020 PromHairstyles.NET