https://www.reefhq.com.au/privacy
Privacy
Scope
Personal information (including sensitive information) you provide to the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park Authority (“GBRMPA”) is protected by the Privacy Act 1988 (“Privacy Act”). The Privacy Act provides for 13 Australian Privacy Principles that regulate how we must handle your personal information.
This statement discloses our information and dissemination practices for personal information collected via this website.
Personal information collected
We collect personal information from you when you browse our ReefHQ website and when you provide personal information via online forms or by email, for example:
you may subscribe to our electronic mailing lists, such as the GBRMPA e-newsletter, or
you may make written enquiry via our online contact form.
When you browse our ReefHQ website, our Internet Service Provider makes a record of all users and logs (in server logs) the following information for statistical purposes:
your server and assigned IP address
your top level domain name (for example, .com, .gov, .au)
your operating system (for example, Windows, MAC)
the date and time of your visit to the site
the pages accessed and documents downloaded
the previous site you visited
the type of browser used.
No attempt will be made to identify you or your browsing activities except in the event of a legal investigation where a law enforcement agency may exercise their legal authority to inspect the Internet Service Provider’s logs.
If we are unable to collect your personal information the product or service you have requested may not be met to your satisfaction.
Cookies
Some websites may use technology called cookies which are pieces of information that a website can transfer to your computer when you access information on that site. Cookies can make websites easier to use by storing information about your preferences on a particular website. The ReefHQ website does not use cookies.
Disclosure of your personal information
We will not otherwise use or disclose your personal information unless permitted by the Privacy Act. If you send us an email message or enter your email on a form on our website it will not be added to a mailing list without your consent.
Security
Please refer to the security page.
GBRMPA’s Privacy Policy
Please refer to GBRMPA’s Privacy Policy if you wish to make a complaint about our handling of your personal information or you seek to correct/amend your personal information held by us.
GBRMPA’s Privacy Policy and complaint procedure can be found at http://www.gbrmpa.gov.au/home/privacy
How to contact us
Phone: + 61 7 4750 0700
Post: PO Box 1379, Townsville QLD 4810 AUSTRALIA
Email: privacy@gbrmpa.gov.au
More information
More information on privacy and the Privacy Act is available from the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner’s website www.oaic.gov.au
Links to other sites
This site contains links to other sites. We are not responsible for the content or the privacy practices of other websites and we encourage you to examine each websites privacy policy.
Last updated: 02/10/19