http://www.imcpl.org/plans-policies/acceptable-use-policy
Home
Plans, Policies, & Reports
Acceptable Use Policy
Guidelines governing all electronic traffic originating from the Library. Failure to abide by these standards may result in the loss of Internet, computer, and Library privileges.
Plans, Policies, & Reports
Acceptable Use Policy
Behavior Policy
E-Privacy Statement
Fees
Library Circulation Policies
Materials Selection Policy
Purchasing Policy
Suggestion for Purchase
Web Content Policy
Also in this section
Acceptable Use Standards for Internet and Indianapolis Public Library (IndyPL) Computers
All electronic traffic originating from the Indianapolis Public Library connection shall be in accordance with these Acceptable Use Standards. Failure to abide by these standards may result in the loss of internet, computer and Library privileges.
Cooperative Use
IndyPL has installed a PC Management system that governs the use of computers in the Library. PC users must facilitate the fair use of the Library's limited resources by observing time limits on
PC use and surrendering use of the terminal when allotted time has elapsed. IndyPL reserves the
right to terminate a PC session that disrupts Library services or that involves user behavior that
violates the Library's policies. Tampering with or defeating time limits will result in the loss of some or all Library privileges consistent with the Library's policy on inappropriate behavior.
Acceptable Use
Use of the Library's computers shall be guided by the following principles:
Respect for the privacy of others.Adherence to the legal protection provided by copyright and license to programs and data.Consideration for the security and functioning of computers, computer networks, and systems.Adherence to IndyPL policies governing the security and functioning of computers, computer networks, and systems.
Unacceptable Use
It is not acceptable to use the Indianapolis Public Library computers for:
Any purposes which violate U.S., state, or local laws.Transmitting threatening, obscene, or harassing materials, including the use of profanity or offensive language.Intentional or unintentional disruption of network users, services or equipment, harm to other computer systems, including excessive bandwidth utilization.Distribution of unsolicited advertising.Tampering with computer or network security.Disconnecting library equipment, including monitors, network cables, and electrical cords.Making unauthorized entry into any systems accessible via Library computers.Representing oneself as another person.Developing and/or propagating programs that harass other users or cause harm to other computer systems (e.g. computer "viruses" and "worms").Copying, file sharing, downloading, or distributing commercial software or other works or material (e.g. music, movies, or other audio or digital material) in violation of state, federal, or international copyright laws.Accessing or loading pornographic, obscene, or sexually explicit material.Other uses deemed inappropriate at the discretion of IndyPL management.
Illegal acts involving the IndyPL's computers may be subject to prosecution by local, state, or federal authorities.
Internet Safety Policy
In addition to the useful and educational information available on the internet, a great deal of content exists that is not appropriate for children. Parents or legal guardians must assume responsibility for deciding which library resources are appropriate for their own children. IndyPL enforces a policy of internet safety that includes measures to block or filter internet access for both minors and adults to certain visual depictions. IndyPL's technology protection measure is a specific system that blocks or filters specific internet sites. It protects against access by adults and minors to visual depictions that are obscene, child pornography or harmful to minors.
Filtering software is not foolproof. It diminishes the likelihood that searchers will inadvertently retrieve text or images that some may find offensive but does not eliminate that possibility. Filters sometimes block access to sites that users would consider both inoffensive and useful. IndyPL staff reserves the right to check all workstations of suspicious/inappropriate activity. In accordance with the Children's Internet Protection Act, no one under the age of 18 is permitted to access computer sites, chat rooms or email that contain obscene or sexually explicit material or other material harmful to minors.
IndyPL does not condition a child's use of our public use internet terminals on the collection of any personally identifiable information from the child. Please see the full text of IndyPL's e-privacy statement.
Disclaimer
IndyPL provides access to the internet as a service of convenience to the public. The internet and its available resources contain a wide variety of material and opinions from varied points of view. Users need to be good information consumers, questioning the validity of the information. Not all sources on the internet provide accurate, complete, or current information. Users may encounter material that could be considered inappropriate.
Parents of minor children assume responsibility for their children's use of the internet through the Library's connection. Parents and children are encouraged to read Netsmartz Safety Tips and to explore the additional resources at Netsmartz, a resource for parents and children of all ages.
IndyPL expressly disclaims any liability or responsibility arising from access to or use of information obtained through its electronic information systems, or any consequences thereof. Conducting business or personal transactions such as credit card purchases, stock trades, bank transactions, etc., or accessing systems where such personal or business data are stored is not recommended. The Library's computing environment does not maintain sufficient safeguards to protect such activities.
Users of Library computing resources should be aware of the possibility of contamination by computer viruses and Trojans. Viruses may also spread to other computers including the user's own personal or business computers via email, or via media such as floppy, CDROM, or USB Flash Drives. Users are therefore warned that it is not possible to provide a 100% virus free environment and that the user accepts such risks while using the Library's computing resources.
Review of IndyPL Policy
Reviewed by the Library Board of Trustees, December 16, 2019.
Do you have questions about our website, online catalog, research tools, or download & streaming?
Our webmaster knows the answers!
Contact the webmaster