https://www.bussongs.com/privacy
Privacy Policy
About Our Privacy Policy
We really care about your privacy and this page outlines how BusSongs.com treats personal information that it collects and receives. Personal information is information about you that is personally identifiable, such as your name and email address, and that is not otherwise publicly available.
How do we collect personal information?
The majority of the information and services on our site are offered without collecting any personally identifiable information from you. There are a few activities on our site where the collection of personally identifiable information is necessary. Those activities include such things as recommending the site to a friend or contacting us.
We also automatically receive and record information from your browser on our server logs, including your IP address. This information is not personally identifiable and will only be used to make our site more interesting and useful to you.
Our site does not make use of, and so doesn't gather any information by the use of cookies (cookies are tiny pieces of information that a website sends to your computer while you are viewing this website), although it is possible that you may receive a Cookie after visiting a third-party website that we recommend.
What do we do with the information?
We do not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or companies. And we never will.
Who should we contact if we have any questions?
We welcome any feedback from our users and you may contact us using our contact page.
BusSongs Fun Facts
Here are some facts about the BusSongs website:
BusSongs is now the grand old age of 17-years old. We’re planning a HUGE party when we're 50, and we’ll reveal a really cool surprise!
There are a total of 3000+ songs on the BusSongs site. Songs are added on a regular basis, and you can contribute by sending songs to us.
Last time we counted, we found a whopping 5,000 websites that had linked to BusSongs. If you have a website, please consider linking to us!
In the summer of 2008 we added our user song rating system, and you've voted 1 milion times. We really want you to express your honest opinions, so please keep on voting!
Commenting was added in early November 2008, and since then you've left — comments! Thank you so much and don’t be afraid to keep posting your comments on song pages!
We're working hard to add more fun and stimulating media to the songs on the site. So far, we've added over 3000 music clips.
The site is very popular, and this makes us very happy. We receive nearly 13,000 visitors and 40,000 page views each and every day!
Bussongs YouTube Gallery
BusSongs
Privacy Policy
BusSongs
hello@bussongs.com
BusSongs.com has the largest collection of children songs & Cartoons on the Internet - with lyrics, videos,cartoons and music for over 3,500 kids songs and nursery rhymes