https://www.olympic.org/cookie-policy
skip to content
Documents
Cookie Policy
COOKIE POLICY
This Cookie Policy (the "Cookie Policy") describes the different types of cookies that are used in connection with the websites and other digital properties managed by the International Olympic Committee (“IOC”) alone or in cooperation with its affiliates and other organisations the IOC partners with (“IOC Associates” as defined below) (the “Digital Platforms”).
IOC Associates are either affiliates of the IOC, namely the Olympic Foundation for Culture and Heritage (the “Foundation”), the Spanish entity Olympic Channel Services S.L. (“OCS”) or other Olympic Movement constituents including in particular the Tokyo 2020 Organising Committee for the Olympic and Paralympic Games (“Tokyo 2020”).
For the Digital Platforms related to the International Olympic Committee (in particular, https://www.olympic.org/), the cookies will be processed by the IOC.
For the Digital Platforms related to the Olympic Museum (in particular https://www.olympic.org/museum, http://shop.olympic.org/en); the Olympic Studies Centre (in particular https://www.olympic.org/olympic-studies-centre), the cookies will be processed by the IOC and the Foundation, acting as joint controllers.
For the Digital Platforms related to the Olympic Channel, (in particular the website www.Olympicchannel.com), the cookies will be processed by the IOC and OCS, acting as joint controllers.
For the Digital Platforms related to the Olympic and Paralympic Games Tokyo 2020 (in particular the official website https://tokyo2020.org/en/), the cookies will be processed  by Tokyo 2020 and the IOC, acting as joint controllers.
When we refer to ‘’we’’, ‘’our’’ or “us” in this Cookie Policy, we are referring to the IOC and, where applicable, to the relevant IOC Associate. When we refer to “you” or “your” we refer to you as user of the relevant Digital Platform.
We use automatic tracking mechanisms (cookies) to collect certain data while you are browsing the Digital Platforms, in order to distinguish you as a user, either for the duration of your visit (“session cookie”) or when you return (“persistent cookie”).
This Cookie Policy allows you to consent or refuse to consent to each category of cookies (except the Strictly Necessary Cookies).
1. What is a cookie?
2. What kind of cookies do we use?
3. Expiration time
4. First party/Third party cookies
5. How do I manage cookies?
6: Changes to the cookie policy
7. More information
WHAT IS A COOKIE?
A cookie is a small file, stored on your browser or computer hard drive, which is used to collect data about your interactions with our Digital Platforms, such as browser type, operating system, IP address, browsing date and time. The cookie does not collect any data from your computer or access your personal files.
Cookies are placed on your device by us (“first party cookies”) or by third parties providing certain services to us such as analytics and advertising (“third party cookies”).
WHAT KIND OF COOKIES DO WE USE?
We use different types of cookies, including:
Strictly Necessary Cookies that enable you to navigate on our Digital Platforms. These cookies are necessary for the Digital Platforms to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the Digital Platforms will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Functional cookies that enhance the functionality and personalisation of our Digital Platforms by storing your preferences. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Performance cookies that improve the performance of our Digital Platforms and provide you with a better user experience. These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our Digital Platforms. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the Digital Platforms. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our Digital Platforms
Targeting cookies that tailor advertising served to you on our Digital Platforms based on your browsing activity and the location from which you access our Digital Platforms. These cookies may be set through our Digital Platforms by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Social Media cookies. These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the Digital Platforms to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools.
The details of the cookies for each category (session/persistent cookies, expiration time, cookies used, first or third-party cookie) are available in the Cookie list on each Digital Platform.
EXPIRATION TIME
Cookies may be kept stored on your browser or computer hard drive for as long as you keep such browser active, for session cookies, or for a longer period, for persistent cookies (for more information see the Cookie list available on each Digital Platform).
FIRST PARTY/THIRD PARTY COOKIES
Cookies are placed on your device by us (“first party cookies”) or by third parties providing certain services to us such as analytics and advertising (“third party cookies”) (for more information see the Cookie list available on each Digital Platform).
Any data collected by these third-party cookies will be managed and controlled by these third-party providers according to their privacy policy. We do not control or have any access to these data. Please visit the websites of third-party providers to obtain further information on how they use cookies.
If you deny the use of all cookies (except the Strictly Necessary ones), neither first-party cookies nor third-party cookies will be used. There will be no differentiation between both types of cookies.
HOW DO I MANAGE COOKIES?
You have the possibility to disable all the cookies (except the Strictly Necessary ones) or manage them through the Cookies Settings available on each Digital Platform.
Alternatively, and/or in addition, you can manage your cookie settings within your internet browser. More information is available here:
•          Internet Explorer users: http://windows.microsoft.com/en-GB/internet-explorer/delete-manage-cookies
•          Mozilla Firefox users: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences and https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/delete-cookies-remove-info-websites-stored
•          Google Chrome users: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en
•          Safari users: https://help.apple.com/safari/mac/8.0/?lang=en#/sfri11471
You can also withdraw your consent to the use of cookies at any time by deleting your cookies using your internet browser settings. If you block the use of cookies on your browser some of services and functionalities might not be available to you.
More information about cookies is available at www.allaboutcookies.org.
Users in the United States may opt-out of targeted advertising cookies. For example, you may go to the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) Consumer Choice Page for information about opting out of interest-based advertising and their choices regarding having information used by DAA companies. You may also go to the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) Consumer Opt-Out Page for information about opting out of interest-based advertising and their choices regarding having information used by NAI members. Opting out from one or more companies listed on the DAA Consumer Choice Page or the NAI Consumer Opt-Out Page will opt you out from those companies’ delivery of interest-based content or ads to you, but it does not mean you will no longer receive any advertising through our Digital Platforms. You may continue to receive advertisements, for example, based on the particular website that you are viewing (i.e., contextually based ads). Also, if your browsers are configured to reject cookies when you opt out on the DAA or NAI websites, your opt out may not be effective. To opt-out and for additional information, please go to:  https://optout.aboutads.info/?c=2&lang=EN and https://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1.
CHANGES TO THE COOKIE POLICY
We reserve the right to modify this Cookie Policy, at any time. When we make changes, we will revise the "last updated" date at the bottom of the Cookie Policy and any change will be effective immediately upon posting. When we make changes to this Cookie Policy, we will adequately inform you in advance where such changes impact your rights as a user of the Digital Platforms or where required by law, for example by posting a notice on the Digital Platforms. However, your continued use of the Digital Platforms following the posting of changes will constitute your acceptance of such changes. We encourage you to review the applicable version of this Cookie Policy whenever you use the Digital Platforms.
This Cookie Policy was last updated on 25 February 2020
MORE INFORMATION
If you have any question or doubt regarding the information included in this Cookie Policy, you may contact us through the IOC Contact link or at the following address: privacy @olympic.org
When the Digital Platforms relate to the Olympic Channel, you can also contact us at the following address: privacy @olympicchannel.com
When the Digital Platforms relate to the official website of the Olympic and Paralympic Games Tokyo 2020, you can also contact the below enquiry desk:
Tokyo 2020 Enquiry Desk
Web enquiry form
For information on how we process your personal data, please consult our Privacy Policy
For more information on how Tokyo 2020 collects and uses your personal information and cookie data, please see Tokyo 2020 privacy policy available on the following link and Tokyo 2020 cookie policy available on the following link.
International Olympic Committee, Château de Vidy, 1007 Lausanne, Switzerland,
Olympic Foundation for Culture and Heritage, Quai d’Ouchy 1, 1006 Lausanne, Switzerland
Olympic Channel Services S.L., Calle Torrelaguna 75, 28027 Madrid Tax identification number B-87320867
The Tokyo Organising Committee of the Olympic and Paralympic Games
back to top
Share this!
Fr