http://www.guidemagazine.org/privacypolicy
Toggle navigation
BECOME A MEMBER
LOG IN
NEW! CHANGE BACKGROUND
SITE LINKS
Rate the Stories
Good Humor Guy
About Guide
CyberClub
KidsBibleInfo.com
Privacy Policy
Sports Zone
Advertise
Discussion Board
Links
Real Magazine
Stories
Bonus Features
Editors' Blog
MUD (Nature)
Real-Time Faith Lessons
Talent Showcase
Chat
Games
Order Guide
Sabbath Action Blast
Videos
Contact Us
Guide Store
PowerPoints Lessons
Screen Smart
Writer's Guidelines
Creation/Evolution Info Center
Caption Game
Explore God's Word
Guide is published by the
Privacy Policy
by Administrator
Protecting Children's Personal Information
We at Guide are committed to providing an online environment for children that is safe, fun, and Christ-centered. In accordance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), we strive to safeguard the privacy of children who visit our Web site, especially in regard to collection of children’s personal information. Personal information is defined under COPPA as “individually identifiable information,” information that helps others to identify a particular person. The following is information about what data we collect, how we use it, who has access to it, and what parents’ and legal guardians’ rights are with regard to the collection, storage, and use of their child’s personal information.
Visitors to our Web site under age 13 are free to access many of the features our site offers without disclosing any personal information. Children will not be required to disclose any more personal information than is reasonably necessary to participate in any program or activity.
We request an e-mail address to respond to questions and information sent via “Contact Us” and similar portions of the Web site. COPPA rules allow a Web site to collect a child’s e-mail address to respond once to a specific request from the child, as is done with the information provided in these sections of the site.
We require personal information for membership in the online CyberClub, which allows children to post in the online discussion board, participate in live chats, post content in the Talent Showcase, and post comments in other areas of the Guide site. The only personal information required to participate in the CyberClub is the child’s full name.Before children under age 13 are permitted to participate in the CyberClub, we require consent from a parent or legal guardian. To request consent, we ask the child to provide his or her full name and the e-mail address of a parent or legal guardian. With this information we e-mail the parent or legal guardian, asking the adult to give consent for the child's CyberClub membership by clicking on a link in the e-mail. Parents or legal guardians may also choose to give consent by e-mailing us directly at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
. Once consent is given, the child's CyberClub account will be activated. If no consent is given, the child's account will not be activated, and the account information will be deleted after 30 days.Guide Web rules prohibit children from sharing personal
information, such as last name, e-mail address, and city of residence, on the site. In sections where children can post content to the site,
all submissions are reviewed by an adult before being posted. Posts
containing personal information are deleted, or the personal information
is removed before posting. The live chat room is always monitored by
adults when open. Despite our efforts to prevent sharing of personal
information by children on the Guide site, there is always a
possibility that a CyberClub member will post personal information that
is visible to others—hence the need for parental consent. We
encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in monitoring
their children's online activities.Parents or legal guardians who provide consent to the collection and use of their child’s personal information may revoke that consent at any time. They may also review and edit their child’s information and request that the information be deleted at any time. Parents or legal guardians who have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy, who wish to revoke consent to the collection and use of their child’s information and stop all future collection of that information, or who wish to review and/or delete their child’s information may contact Stephen Ertel, our Web site administrator, by e-mail at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
, by telephone at 208-465-2512, by fax at 208-465-2531, or by mail at Guide, PO Box 5353, Nampa, ID 83653-5353, USA. Parents or legal guardians asking to view their child’s information must verify their identity and relationship to the child by providing a signed request via mail or fax.Cookies
Cookies are test files that contain pieces of information that a Web site transfers to an individual’s hard disk. On this site we do not collect any information passively through the use of cookies.
Third Parties
Personal information of CyberClub members is accessible only to the Guide staff. We will not share or sell any information to third parties outside the Review and Herald Publishing Association and Pacific Press Publishing Association without express authorization, except in the following instances:
1. Where disclosure is necessary to the operation of our Web site in order to serve your needs—for instance, in processing credit transactions or shipping products.
2. Where disclosure is necessary to ensure the security and integrity of our Web site, to protect against liability, or when we are required to disclose the information by law. Unfortunately, we are unable to control, and therefore cannot accept responsibility for, the data use practices of third parties in these situations.
Updated January 2015.
Please log in as a CyberClub member to post comments
JComments
What We Believe For Teens by Seth J. Pierce
Using stories and anecdotes that will appeal to early teens, Seth Pierce helps teens realize that ou
60 Years of Guide: Anniversary Story Collection edited by Lori P
60 Years of Guide: Anniversary Story Collection edited by Lori Peckham. This collection—commemorat
View Sample Issue
View All
Factory Game
Played
260,874
Times!
Nile River Frog
Played
107,355
Times!
Fellow Sheep
Played
102,959
Times!
Escape From Punch Bully Ranch
Played
77,089
Times!
View All
George's Wonderful Disaster
Watched
32,556
Times!
Faith on Fire Music Video
Watched
27,649
Times!
What a Bear
Watched
24,359
Times!
Back to School Facts
Watched
24,039
Times!
View All
Stay Out of My Room!
Read
48,055
Times!
Bad Boy From Coney Island: The Ron Halverson Story
Read
44,212
Times!
The Bull That Preached
Read
21,502
Times!
The Never-to-Be-Forgotten Birthday
Read
19,671
Times!
emmykitty
Distraught Over Ginsberg's Death, Woke Soccer Mom Joins Satanic Temple
November 12 in Current Events
missionarykid
1st topic made by a common Guide user in "Weigh In"
November 13 in Weigh In
emmykitty
make up or no make up?
November 13 in Church
emmykitty
make up or no make up?
November 13 in Church
Visit the Forum Now!
View Results
Do you know anyone who has been sick with COVID?
Yes
No
Where Christian kids have fun! GuideMagazine.org is a ministry of Guide magazine, a Christian story magazine for children published bythe Seventh-day Adventist Church. Guide publishes nonfiction stories that show children ages 10-14 how to walk with God now and forever.