http://www.atomicarchive.com/company/privacy.html
Privacy Statement for www.atomicarchive.com
AJ Software & Multimedia has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment
to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website:
www.atomicarchive.com.
What information do we collect? How do we use it?
When you order, we need to know your name, e-mail address, mailing address, credit card number, and expiration date. This allows us to process and fulfill your order and to notify you of your order status.
When you sign up for our mailing list, we need only an e-mail address--which we use to send the information you requested.
When you enter a contest or other promotional feature, we may ask for your name, address, and e-mail address so we can administer the contest and notify winners.
Our product's registration form requires users to give us contact information (like their name and email address). We use customer contact information from the registration form to send the user information about our company. The customer's contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
This site contains links to other sites. www.atomicarchive.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us and our partners at	the point where we request information about the visitor.
This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service. You can send email to info@atomicarchive.com.
Your consent
By using our Web site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by atomicarchive.com. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Correct/Update
This site gives users the option for changing and modifying information previously provided send email to info@atomicarchive.com.
Tell us what you think
Atomicarchive.com welcomes your questions and comments about privacy. Please send e-mail to
info@atomicarchive.com.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with
this Web site, you can contact
Chris Griffith
AJ Software & Multimedia
14371 Barrymore Street
San Diego, CA
92129
info@atomicarchive.com.