http://www.salliemae.com/legal/privacy/
Privacy policy | Sallie Mae
Compare financial aid offers
Understand college grants
Pell Grant
TEACH Grant
Federal Supplemental Education Opportunity Grant (FSEOG)
Iraq and Afghanistan Service Grant
Learn about work-study
Understand military tuition assistance
Student loans and borrowing
Student loans and borrowing
Student loans and borrowing
Compare federal and private student loans
Federal student loans
Private students loans
Other borrowing options
Save on college costs
Tools
Tools
Tools
Scholarship Search
College Planning Calculator
Student Loan Payment Amount Estimator
Accrued Interest Calculator
College Cost Calculator
Future Savings Calculator
Register to win $1,0001
Credit cards
Sallie Mae Ignite
Sallie Mae Ignite
Sallie Mae Accelerate
Sallie Mae Accelerate
Sallie Mae Evolve
Sallie Mae Evolve
Savings
Menu
Log in
Sallie Mae privacy policies
We at Sallie Mae know that you are concerned about privacy and the security of your personal information. It's our policy to respect the privacy of our customers, and to protect their information. We also want you to know how we use and protect the information we receive from and about you. To that end, please read the policies listed below to understand Sallie Mae’s principles and practices regarding the protection of personal information.
Sallie Mae's Privacy Notice
This Privacy Notice applies to customers, applicants and former customers who have applied for or obtained a Sallie Mae product or service. This Privacy Notice describes Sallie Mae’s privacy principles and practices regarding our relationship with you and how we collect and share customer information with our affiliates and outside companies.
Sallie Mae's Online Privacy Policy
This policy applies to everyone who visits or uses our website or mobile applications and describes Sallie Mae's practices concerning the collection and use of information gathered from or about our online visitors and registered users.
Sallie Mae’s Privacy Addendum for California Residents
This policy applies to California residents and supplements our Online Consumer Information Privacy Policy. This Addendum describes our privacy principles and practices and provides instructions on how to exercise your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA).
These policies apply to our customers and visitors located in the United States. Since they may change, please visit this site from time to time to review the policies for updates. Different policies may apply to some of the products and services offered through the Sallie Mae site. You will find these different policies within the site or on other Internet sites linked to this site. If a different policy applies, we will highlight this for you. The other policies may vary from our policies listed above. These differences are required by the type of the products and services being offered and the laws that apply to them as well as our business arrangements with their providers. We urge you to read carefully these policies in addition to the ones listed above.
Sallie Mae California Resident Rights Request Form
This form allows California residents to request and obtain information collected and used by Sallie Mae about them, and to request their information be deleted.
Terms of use  |  Protect your privacy  |  Avoid online fraud  |  Beware of debt relief offers  |  Social media guidelines  |  Do not sell my personal information
© 2020 Sallie Mae Bank. All rights reserved.
Sallie Mae, the Sallie Mae logo, and other Sallie Mae names and logos are service marks or registered service marks of Sallie Mae Bank. All other names and logos used are the trademarks or service marks of their respective owners. SLM Corporation and its subsidiaries, including Sallie Mae Bank are not sponsored by or agencies of the United States of America.