http://www.learntobehealthy.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
LearntobeHealthy.org is owned and operated by the Byrnes Health Education Center, York, PA. We recognize that visitors to our site may be concerned about the information they provide to us, and how we treat that information. This Privacy Policy addresses those concerns. This policy may be changed or updated from time to time.
Our Policy
The Byrnes Health Education Center uses its best efforts to respect and protect the privacy of our online visitors. We will adhere to the highest standards of privacy and do not sell or otherwise share any individually identifiable information or any information about our users to third parties.
Note to Parents and Teachers on our Privacy Policy
LearntobeHealthy.org is designed to support educators in teaching children to live healthy lifestyles. As a child focused website, we adhere to the goals and guidelines that are put forth by regulatory documents and bodies such as the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA), the Center for Media Education (CME), the Children's Advertising Review Unit (CARU) of the Council of Better Business Bureaus and other organizations who are devoted to providing a safe online community for children.
LearntobeHealthy.org does not collect more information from children than is reasonably necessary for us to communicate with the child about the content on the site and to create aggregate profiles of the site's users for our financial supporters. We also do not entice children to provide more information than is necessary to participate in the activity by the prospect of a special game, prize or other activity. No personal information about a child will be shared or sold to third parties and we will not post anywhere on the website information that has been collected from a child.
How Do We Use "Cookies"?
Visitors should be aware that non-personal information and data may be automatically collected by the Byrnes Health Education Center on the LearntobeHealthy website through the use of "cookies." "Cookies" are small text files a Website can use to recognize repeat visitors, facilitate the visitor's ongoing access to and use of the site, and allow a site to track usage behavior and compile aggregate data that will allow content improvements. Cookies are not programs that come onto a visitor's system and damage files. Generally, cookies work by assigning a unique number to the visitor that has no meaning outside the assigning site.
LearntobeHealthy.org does not undertake or accept responsibility for advising, diagnosing, or treating medical conditions of its website participants. LearntobeHealthy.org is not designed to replace the medical advice you may receive from your physician. Thank you for visiting our site. Please contact us should you have any questions about the operation of the site.