http://www.campbaco.com/about-us/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Camps Baco and Che-Na-Wah Privacy Statement
The Camp Baco (CB) web site collects no personal information at any time unless a form is filled out and submitted for any type of enrollment forms, staff applications, newsletter, site poll, or information collection of the type. CB does collect non-personal, automatic information on our servers when one enters this site. Information that may be collected is your browser type, and the date in which you logged on to our site. This information is collected solely to aide the online experience for our visitors and for the company’s personal tracking.
Cookies
The Website may use cookies and web beacons to provide enhanced functionality (e.g., delivering targeted advertisements, providing us with user analytics and various other user experience, advertising and reporting enhancements). These cookies and the information generated by the cookies about your use on the Website (including your IP address) may be delivered and stored by us or third-parties.
Children
CB respects the rights for the privacy of children of all ages. CB also acknowledges the personal information of children that are under the age of 13 (Thirteen) years old. Parents should supervise the online activities of children and acknowledge that we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 (Thirteen) years old. Parents may want to consider the use of online services and to monitor the internet browsing of children.
This site contains links to other sites with material that may or may not be suitable for minors. CB is not responsible for the viewing of these other web site. When navigating a site that was linked from our site, the viewer is automatically subject to the CB Privacy Policy and regulations.
Contact
If you have any questions or concerns regarding our Terms of Use or Privacy Policy, please contact us at info@campbaco.com.
The Privacy Policy was last updated on April, August 11, 2013.
Questions? Text Our Camp Director!
Our Camp Director Allison can help. Just call or text 833-996-1700.
833-996-1700
You are donating to :
How much would you like to donate?
Would you like to make regular donations?
I would like to make
one time
weekly
monthly
yearly
donation(s)
How many times would you like this to recur? (including this payment) *
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
Name *
Last Name *
Email *
Phone
Address
Additional Note
Loading...
0
Connecting
Please wait...
Live Chat
We are not around, but we'd love to talk to you another time! Leave us a message and we'll get back to you asap.
Your name
* Email
* Description
Send Message
Fill in the details above to send a message.
Login now
Need more help? Send us a message below.
Your name
* Email
* Describe your issue
Login now
Live Chat
End chat
Send
Feedback
Help us help you better! Feel free to leave us any additional feedback.
How do you rate our support?
Solved
Not solved
Email chat history
Send
Done