http://www.wildheartranch.com/corporate/whr_privacy.asp
Privacy Statement
Wild
Heart Ranch Inc. and its directors, officers and employees offer
this information as entertainment only, and are not responsible for
damages resulting from the use or misuse of the material. Wild Heart
Ranch Inc. is committed to ensuring the online protection of its
youngest website visitors. Wild Heart Ranch Inc. respects the
privacy rights of its online visitors and is committed to providing
you with current information. We encourage parents to monitor their
children's online use, and to help us protect their privacy by instructing
them never to provide personal information on this site, or on any other,
without permission.
If you
have any questions, complaints, or comments regarding our privacy statement
or policies, please contact the Privacy Policy Administrator
at info@wildheartranch.com.
This site
includes links to other Internet sites solely as a convenience to users.
Wild Heart Ranch Inc. does not endorse any such linked sites
or the information, material, products or services contained on other
linked sites or accessible through other linked sites. Furthermore,
the Company makes no express or implied warranties with regard to the
information, material, products or services that are contained on or
accessible through linked sites. Access and use of linked sites, including
information, material, products and services on linked sites or available
through linked sites is solely at the user's own risk.
Material
submitted to Wild Heart Ranch Inc. may be used in part or whole by Wild
Heart Ranch. All material submitted becomes the property of Wild
Heart Ranch Inc., © 1999 All Rights Reserved.
Email
By allowing
you to send email to us, we are not attempting to collect any personal
information about you. We will only use personal information (such as
name, mailing address and email address) contained in your email to
respond to your specific inquiry or comments in the email.
Information
Wild Heart Ranch Inc. collects
In order
to give you the most exciting Internet experience possible, Wild
Heart Ranch Inc. may request and/or collect information from you
on a voluntary basis when you: (1) register with us; (2) shop at any
of our online stores (when available); (3) participate in contests,
events or promotions; (4) send questions or comments via email to Wild
Heart Ranch Inc. customer support. The requested information may
include personal information such as your name, email address, telephone
number, and home address. For some activities, we may also ask you to
create a password and to provide demographic information such as your
age, the gender and birth dates of children in your household, and toy
and game ownership and preferences. If demographic information is collected
for an activity that also requires personal information, we may combine
the demographic information with your personal information. This allows
us to tailor the notices we send you and the content we provide you
according to your preferences and interests.
If you are under the age of 13, you will need your parent or guardian's
consent before you can provide any personal information to us for purposes
of registration and other online activities. Kids, if you are ever unsure
about anything you are seeing on this site, ask your parent or guardian
for help.
Who
is collecting my information and how will it be used?
Wild
Heart Ranch Inc. collects the personal information you provide
on our sites. We will use the information you submit to our Web sites
to send you advertising or promotional materials, including information
about new products, contests, features, special offers and other events
of interest. We also use your personal information for our internal
marketing and demographic studies, so we can constantly improve the
products and services we provide you and can better meet your needs.
Wild Heart
Ranch Inc. may collect and store personal information about children
under 13 ("children" or "child") if it is submitted
in connection with our website registration and with the parent's verifiable
consent. To determine who is younger than 13 years old and whether parental
consent is required, we ask all users who wish to register to submit
their date of birth.
Review
and/or update personal information
If you
have registered with our site, you may at any time review and/or update
the contact information we have for you or inform us that you want us
to remove your information from our database by emailing info@wildheartranch.com.
If you choose to send us e-mail, please be sure to include the name
of the site at which you registered and the e-mail address you used
to register so that we can verify your request.
Wild
Heart Ranch Inc. Contact Information
Wild Heart Ranch Inc.
1385 Gulf Road, Suite 102
Point Roberts, WA 98281
Home
| Toys & Books
| Kids Club | Our
Brands | Corporate
Kim
McElroy | Art Gallery
| Night Mares |
Horses | Television
Disclaimer
| Privacy Statement
| Comments
©2004-2007 Wild Heart Ranch. All rights reserved.
All art and text content on this site (including all names, characters,
images, trademarks and logos) are protected by trademark rights,
copyrights and other rights owned by Wild Heart Ranch Inc.
www.wildheartranch.com