http://www.girlscoutsofmaine.org/en/privacy-policy.html
Locations & Hours
Shop
eBiz
Donate
Contact GSME
Forms
OUR COUNCIL
OUR COUNCIL
ABOUT
ABOUT
EVENTS & ACTIVITIES
EVENTS & ACTIVITIES
COOKIES & NUTS
COOKIES & NUTS
ADULTS
ADULTS
CAMP
CAMP
SUPPORT
SUPPORT
My GS/VTK
My GS/VTK
OUR COUNCIL ABOUT EVENTS & ACTIVITIES COOKIES ADULTS CAMP SUPPORT My GS/VTK
Locations & Hours
Shop
eBiz
Donate
Contact GSME
Forms
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Welcome to the official Web site of Girl Scouts of Maine. This Web
site is owned and operated by Girl Scouts of Maine, a 501(c)(3)
non-profit organization with Service Centers in South Portland and
Bangor, Maine.
Girl Scouts of Maine is committed to protecting the privacy of our
visitors. This privacy policy discloses how we collect, protect, and
use information you provide us online, as well as how we protect
children’s privacy. By using the pages on this site, you are accepting
the practices described in the Privacy Policy.
Downloadable Forms and Email Use
Girl Scouts of Maine would like to remind our users that electronic
mail on the Internet is not secure and that our e-mail communications
are not encrypted or otherwise protected. Girl Scouts of Maine
encourages all users to use caution when sending personal information
via email and other internet resources. If you are concerned with
this, submit your information by fax, mail or in person.
Data Collection
Girl Scouts of Maine uses its best efforts to respect and protect
the privacy and the personal information of its online visitors. We do
not collect personally identifiable information from individuals
unless they provide it to us voluntarily and knowingly. This means we
do not require you to register or provide information to us to view
our site. In order to process online transactions however, we do
collect identifiable data such as names, addresses, zip/postal codes,
email addresses, etc. when voluntarily submitted by a customer. This
information is used solely by Girl Scouts of Maine in the internal
operations of this site. We do not sell your information to third
parties. We will only share with third parties personally identifiable
information when (i) the person submitting the information authorizes
us to share it; (ii) sharing the information is necessary to process a
credit card transaction, or (iii) we are required to share by law.
Children’s Policy
COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act) was established to
promote safe Internet usage by children. The Girl Scouts of Maine
website uses its best efforts to comply with the COPPA guidelines on
data collection, particularly from children. We encourage you to read
more about COPPA.
Use of Cookies
Visitors should be aware that non-personal information and data may
be automatically collected by the Girl Scouts of Maine Web site
through the use of “cookies.” “Cookies” are small text files a Web
site can use to recognize repeat visitors, facilitate the visitor’s
ongoing access to and use of the site, and allow a site to track usage
behavior and compile aggregate data that will allow content
improvements. Cookies are not programs that come onto a visitor’s
system and damage files. Generally, cookies work by assigning a unique
number to the visitor that has no meaning outside the assigning site.
If a visitor does not want information collected through the use of
cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows the
visitor to deny or accept the cookie feature. Girl Scouts of Maine
uses “cookie” technology only to obtain non-personal information from
its online visitors in order to improve visitors’ online experience
and facilitate their visit within our site.
Links to Other Web Sites and Services
This site may be linked to other sites and services that are not
maintained by Girl Scouts of Maine. These Web sites have their own
privacy policies, which you should review prior to visiting them. We
have no responsibility for linked Web sites and provide these links
solely for the convenience and information of our visitors.
How to Contact Us
Girl Scouts of Maine 138 Gannett Drive South Portland,
ME 04106 888-922-4763 customercare@gsmaine.org
Thank you for visiting our site.
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy