https://www.youngactorscamp.com/privacy.html
Toggle navigation
Home
About
Camps
ActorsNews
Faq
Apply/Tuition
Contact
Privacy
[ Policy ]
Please take a minute to read the following privacy policy so you understand how we use the
personal information we ask you to submit.
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you place an order, subscribe to our newsletter or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience: Your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs.
To improve customer service: Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To process transactions: Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
To send periodic emails: The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Database to be only accessed by those authorized with special access rights to our systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will be kept on file for more than 60 days in order to provide care into and beyond your child's visit to our program.
Do we use cookies?
We do not use cookies.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
This policy was last modified on 1/15/14
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
1920 Hillhurst Ave # 1014
Los Angeles CA 90027
request@youngactorscamp.com
www.youngactorscamp.com
Our Mission
To provide a residential acting intensive for the sole purpose of helping young actors from all around the world pursue work in the Los Angeles film acting industry.
Monthly Newsletter
Subscribe to our newsletter and stay up to date with the latest news and deals!
Subscribe
Watch Our Fun Camp Videos
Our Fun Camp Videos
Celebrity Guests
Actors in Hollywood
Diverse Learning
Camper Comments
YAC Confessionals
Friendships and Fun
Contact Us
The Young Actors Camp
1920 Hillhurst Ave # 1014
Los Angeles CA 90027
Phone: 909-982-8059
Fax: 909-482-2011
Email: request@youngactorscamp.com
Stay Connected
2017 © Young Actors Camp. All Rights Reserved.
Young Actors Camp is the only residential program holding the required permits and licenses with the state of California to provide talent training and consultation services to children and adults. Labor Code section 1703.3 /Bond SUR 9169793 Washington International
Home | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | Release & Agreement