http://www.dci.org/static/privacy_policy
Privacy PolicyThis is the Privacy Policy for Drum Corps International.
Our Contact Information is:
Drum Corps International 2495 Directors Row, Suite IIndianapolis, IN 46241317.275.1212support@dci.org
We collect no information about our visitor's domain, but we do collect information about our visitor's email address when available.
For visitors on our website we collect:
The email address and personal information from the visitors who communicate with us via email.
Aggregate (General Tracking) information about pages that users visit on our site.
User specific information about pages that users visit on our site.
Any information given to us by users that contact us via inquiry form, survey, etc.
The information that we collect is used for:
Delivering custom content to our website visitors.
Improving the quality of our website content and user friendliness for a better user experience.
Contact information for marketing purposes, including newsletters, emails or periodic advertisements from our company.
We may use a standard technology called a cookie for the following purposes.
Recording Session information for shopping cart or other purposes.
Store visitor preferences for return visits to our website.
Helping to manage subscription or private areas on our website.
Record user specific tracking or aggregate tracking information of visitors on our website.
Delivering user customized content based on user specific information, such as browser type, screen type or resolution, etc.
Alert visitors to our live help console, or offering live help to website visitors.
If you are currently receiving a newsletter or emails from us and would like to stop receiving them, please notify us by contacting us by email, phone, mail, at the above address.
We do not partner or use any 3rd party ad services or content delivering services.
With respect to security, we use industry standard encryption technologies, when transferring and receiving data from visitors on our website.
With respect to sensitive information, we will redirect the user to a secure page either on our site, or to a trusted 3rd party site before transferring or receiving sensitive data. This information may include credit card or banking information, medical information, or other sensitive information.
For questions regarding our privacy policy or website in general, please contact by; phone, mail, email, listed above.Related NewsView all news12-09-2020 13:05by Drum Corps InternationalCollectible drum corps ornaments to trim your holiday treeRead more12-09-2020 12:45by Drum Corps InternationalBehind the look of "Vox Eversio"Read more12-07-2020 15:22by Michael BooSpotlight of the Week: 1991 CavaliersRead more12-04-2020 08:30by Drum Corps InternationalCorps news and announcementsRead moreOur Partners