http://www.lpi.usra.edu/privacy/
Science
Scientific Staff
Internships
Seminar Series
JSC/LPI Joint Working Group
Topical Initiatives
Recent Publications
Awards and Student Funding
Meetings
Planning Services
Calendar
Meeting Portal
Meeting Abstracts
Resources
Communications
Library
LPI's RPIF
Institutional Repository
Augmented Reality
NASA Analysis and Assessment Groups
NASA, NRC, and Other Related Resources
The Moon
Education
Events
Explore!
Scientist Engagement
Educational Resources
Our Solar System, Our Universe
About Us
About Us
Staff Directory
History
Visitor Information
Lunar and Planetary Institute
Universities Space Research Association Privacy Policy
Introduction
Universities Space Research Association (USRA) is committed to respecting
your privacy and recognizes your need for appropriate protection and management
of any personally identifiable information that you might share with us. This
policy outlines our personal information handling practices for both online and
offline data. If you give us personal information, we will treat it according to
this policy. It is important that you understand the care with which we intend
to treat your personal information.
Personal information means information that may be used to identify an
individual, including, but not limited to, a first and last name, a home or
other physical address and an email address or other contact information,
whether at home or at work.
USRA strives to comply with all applicable laws that are designed to protect
your privacy. Although legal requirements may vary from jurisdiction to
jurisdiction, USRA intends to adhere to the principles set forth in this privacy
policy. Our goal is to provide protection for your personal information no
matter where that personal information is collected, transferred, or
retained.
USRA is committed to instructing its employees on the importance of the
privacy policy. All of those employees who have access to privacy information
either computerized or paper data are especially instructed at orientation to
the importance of the USRA privacy policy.
Collection of personal and collaborative information
When USRA collects any personal information either on our corporate website,
employment with USRA and, or collaborative work with the association, we will
express our need for the personal data at the point of collection. Examples
include but are not limited to:
Interaction and registration information for those in the student programs.
(High school and above.)
Registration for workshops and conferences (including name, address, email,
credit card information etc.)
Subcontractors and consultants (examples include indirect rates, labor
rates, social security numbers etc.)
Information to complete our Foreign Exchange Visitor Program (all
information required for the completion of the process)
Proprietary proposal information.
Security of your personal information
USRA is committed to protecting the personal information you share with us.
We utilize a combination of security technologies, procedures, and
organizational measures to help protect your personal information from
unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
Computer security
USRA is committed to securing all data when transfering over the Internet or
internally at each USRA site. For specific information technology protection
please see the document USRA Information Technology and Computer
Security.
USRA will not retain your personal information longer than is necessary to
fulfill the purpose for which it was collected or as is required by applicable
laws or regulations.
Children's privacy. USRA does not knowingly collect personal information from
children under the age of 13. If we learn that we have collected personal
information on a child under the age of 13 we will delete that data from our
systems.
Program or Institute security
USRA is committed to maintaining personnel record systems that comply with
the recordkeeping, access, disclosure and confidentiality requirements of
federal and state law.
In collecting, maintaining, and disclosing personnel information, USRA makes
every effort to protect employees' privacy rights and interests and prevent
inappropriate or unnecessary disclosures of information from any employee's file
or record. While complying with its governmental reporting and recordkeeping
requirements, USRA strives to ensure that it handles all personal and
job-related information about employees in a secure, confidential, and
appropriate fashion in accordance with the principles and procedures outlined
below.
Confidentiality of Information
USRA treats personal information about employees as confidential and respects
the need to protect each employee's privacy by enforcing secure
information-handling procedures for all personnel involved in gathering,
retaining, using, or releasing personal information about the organization's
employees. USRA collects and retains personal information only as needed to
conduct business and administer employment and benefit programs. Every effort is
made to ensure that all personal and job-related information about employees is
accurate, complete, and relevant for its intended purpose. Wherever possible,
USRA notifies affected employees if it needs additional personal information and
gives these employees an opportunity to supply the requested data.
Security and Storage of Personnel Records
All paper-based documents relating to USRA's personnel record system are kept
in secure, locked files. These files are accessible only to authorized staff and
executives, managers, and supervisors who have a valid, demonstrable need for
specific information from an employee's personnel record. Employees also are
granted access to their personnel files and records in accordance with the
access procedures outlined below.
All personnel files and records must remain in the secure areas of each
institute or program as well as at USRA Headquarters at all times.
All medical information relating to an employee is kept in the separate
Medical Records System files maintained by the site administrator and/or USRA
Headquarters HR staff. Access to these medical files is tightly controlled. In
most cases, medical information about an employee is released only to the
employee's designated physician in accordance with the employee's written
specific request.
Questions or issues about the application or enforcement of these security
measures should be addressed to the Institute or Program Administrator and/or
the Payroll/Personnel Operations Manager or USRA Manager for Human Resources
located at USRA Headquarters.
Disclosure to Government Agencies
On occasion, USRA must provide information and data from its personnel
records and files to federal, state, and local government agencies in accordance
with recordkeeping and reporting requirements imposed by such agencies. In
instances where a government agency requests information beyond that which it
normally requiresUSRA ordinarily advises affected employees of the agency's
information request. However, if an agency's information request occurs in the
course of an agency investigation or if an agency asks USRA to keep such a
request confidential, USRA has discretion to comply with the agency's
request.
USRA ordinarily honors subpoenas demanding information regarding any
employee, but usually advises an employee of the subpoena and nature of the
information requested, unless otherwise prohibited by law.
Disclosure or Release to Nongovernment Entities
In response to an information request from an outside organization,
individual, or other nongovernment entity, the company normally verifies only
the employment status and dates of employment for former or present employees.
USRA does not provide any other information, unless and until the worker or
former employee submits a written request that the company disclose or confirm
additional specific information.
Connect With Us!
Facebook
Twitter
You Tube
All
LPI Email Newsletters
Newsletter:
Submit
Copyright © 2019 - Lunar and Planetary Institute
Thanks to OS Templates
Back to top