http://www.volunteerlatinamerica.com/privacy-policy
Menu
Home
Volunteer Abroad
Volunteer Guide
Volunteer Reviews
About Us
Meet the TeamMissionHow it WorksEthical VolunteeringNews
Contact Us
Blog
Privacy Policy
Recent Volunteer Abroad Programs
Science Communication Intern
Community-based Sea Turtle Conservation
Bio-construction: Water From Humidity
Volunteer at Wildlife Rescue Facility
Online English Teacher
We are committed to safeguarding and preserving your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains what happens to any personal data that you provide to us, or that we collect from you whilst you visit our site.  We do update this Policy from time to time so please do review this Policy regularly.
Information we collect
We collect your personal data when you provide to us, when you:
Perform a transaction with us
Register on this Website
Communicate with us by any means
Personal data includes your name, email address, date of birth, home address etc.  We also collect anonymous information about your use of this Website including details of your visits such as pages viewed and the resources that you access.  Such information includes traffic data, location data and other communication data.
How we use cookies
Cookies provide information regarding the computer used by you. We may use cookies to gather information about your computer to assist us in improving your Website experience.   Cookies are downloaded to your computer and stored on your computer’s hard drive.  Such information will not identify you personally.  It is statistical data. This statistical data does not identify any personal details whatsoever.  You can adjust the settings on your computer to decline any cookies if you wish. This can easily be done by activating the reject cookies setting on your computer. Our advertisers may also use cookies, over which we have no control. Such cookies (if used) would be downloaded once you click on advertisements on our website.
Use of your information
We use the information that we collect from you to provide our services to you and satisfy our obligations under our Terms and Conditions.  We also the information we collect to:
Meet any request by you to provide information including information on services
Inform you of any changes to our Website, services or other changes which may affect you
Provide you details of similar services you may be interested in
Administer Volunteer Latin America and run it effectively
Where your consent has been provided in advance we may allow selected third parties to use your data to provide you with information regarding goods and services which we believe may interest you.  Where such consent has been provided it can be withdrawn by you at any time.
Storing your personal data
In operating our website it may become necessary to transfer data that we collect from you to locations outside of the European Economic Area for processing and storing.  Data may be transferred outside of the EEA, where data protection laws are not as strong as within the EEA.  Personal data will not be transferred to a country outside the EEA unless (1) the country is one which is considered to provide an adequate level of data protection or (2) the personal data is transferred to a United States company which has signed up to the Safe Harbour scheme or (3) the personal data is transferred to a company which is required by contract to deal with the data as instructed and  with appropriate security (4) we are obliged to provide the personal data to an organisation or language school in order to provide and effect a requested placement.  If you have any concerns in relation to such transfers, you should not use the internet as a means of communication with us. By providing your personal data to us, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing.
We do our upmost to ensure that all reasonable steps are taken to make sure that your data is treated stored securely.  Unfortunately the sending of information via the internet is not totally secure and on occasion such information can be intercepted. We cannot guarantee the security of data that you choose to send us electronically, sending such information is entirely at your own risk.
Disclosing your information
We will not disclose your personal information to any other party other than in accordance with this Privacy Policy and in the circumstances detailed below:
In the event that we sell any or all of our business to the buyer
Where we are legally required by law to disclose your personal information
To further fraud protection and reduce the risk of fraud
Third party links
On occasion we include links to third parties on this Website. Where we provide a link it does not mean that we endorse or approve that website’s policy towards visitor privacy. You should review their privacy policy before sending them any personal data.
Use of Plugins
This website uses plugins provided by third parties such as Facebook’s “Like” button and Twitter’s “follow” button.  When you visit a page of our website that contains a plugin, your browser establishes a direct connection to their servers so that they can receive information about your having accessed the respective page of our website.  We have no control over the data gathered by the plugin.  We suggest you check their privacy policies on their websites to learn more about how they treat with your data.  You can block the use of plugins by using add-ons for your browser, such as the “Facebook Blocker“.
Inquiries & access to information
In accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 you have the right to access any information that we hold relating to you.  You may also inquire with us and have any information we hold relating to you corrected or removed as you prefer.  Please note that we reserve the right to charge a fee of £10 to cover costs incurred by us in providing you with the information.  Should you wish your information to be removed or deleted this may not be immediately possible for all information and may be subject to billing and payment obligations and accounting and record –keeping requirements.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
From time to time we may amend the way in which we process personal data and may amend the terms of this Privacy Policy at any time. Please check this page periodically as your subsequent use of this Website or submission of personal information to us following any such changes will be deemed to signify your acceptance to the changes.
Contacting us
Please do not hesitate to contact us regarding any matter relating to this Privacy Policy at info@volunteerlatinamerica.com
DATE: 16th September, 2018.