http://www.justborn.com/privacy-policy-children
Home
Who We Are
Our Purpose
Our History
How Our Candy Is Made
Fun Facts
Brands You Love
MIKE AND IKE®
PEEPS®
HOT TAMALES®
GOLDENBERG’S® PEANUT CHEWS®
JUST BORN® Jelly Beans
Ingredients
Our Responsibility
Quality
Transparency
Heritage
Volunteer Program
Candy Donations
Grant Program
Join Our Team
Career Listings
Internships
Product Finder
News & Media
FAQs
Contact Us
Shop Now
Privacy Policy
Children’s Privacy Policy
CA Supply Chain Transparency
Site Map
Children's Privacy Policy
Home | Children’s Privacy Policy
The Just Born, Inc. Privacy Policy covers all data collected and used by Just Born, Inc. In addition to the Just Born, Inc. Privacy Policy, this Children’s Privacy Policy provides further information and privacy protections for children who are under 13 years of age. A COPY OF THIS CHILDREN’S PRIVACY POLICY MAY BE DOWNLOADED, STORED OR PRINTED.
Information Collection and Use
Under the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, no web site operator can require, as a condition to participation in an activity, that a child younger than 13 years of age disclose more information than is reasonably necessary.
Just Born, Inc. complies with this requirement. Just Born, Inc. only collects information voluntarily provided; no information is collected passively. Children under 13 can submit only their e-mail address when sending us an e-mail in our “Contact Us” section. Just Born, Inc. uses the e-mail address to respond to a one-time request from a child under 13 and then deletes the e-mail address.
Although children under 13 may be allowed to participate in some contests and promotions by providing their e-mail address, if such a child wins, notification is sent to the child’s e-mail address asking for their parent’s e-mail address so an e-mail can be sent to their parent who will provide the required information. This information is used solely to conduct the sweepstakes and fulfill prizes.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
Just Born, Inc. does not share children’s personally identifiable information with anyone, except as herein set forth. No information collected from children under 13 is used for any marketing or promotional activities. Just Born, Inc. will share personally identifiable information about a child with other third parties providing services on our behalf, such as in connection with the winning of a prize or contest or when we need to send the information to companies that work on our behalf to provide a product or service that has been requested by a parent on behalf of a child. We may also disclose children’s personally identifiable information in order to respond to subpoenas, court orders or legal process, to the extent permitted by law, or when any future subsidiaries, affiliated companies or successor companies (resulting from a merger or acquisition) have a need for such information. Unless we tell you otherwise, any companies that work on our behalf to provide a product or service do not have any right to use the personally identifiable information we provide to them beyond what is necessary to assist us.
Ability to Update or Delete Information
In the event that Just Born collects and retains personal information pertaining to a child under 13, the parent may send an e-mail to us at consumerrelations@justborn.com to review, change and/or delete such information as well as to refuse to allow any further collection or use of the child’s information.
Contact Information
If you have any questions concerning this Children’s Privacy Policy, you can contact us at:
Just Born, Inc.
Attention: Consumer Relations
1300 Stefko Boulevard
Bethlehem, PA 18017-6672
(610) 867-7568
or you can e-mail us at: consumerrelations@justborn.com