http://www.ussoccer.com/your-california-privacy-rights
Your California Privacy RightsYour California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the "Shine The Light" law, permits our customers (any California resident who provides personal information to U.S. Soccer during the creation of, or throughout the duration of, an established business relationship that is primarily for personal, family, or household purposes) to request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, information about the Personal Data, if any, that we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year.
If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please send an e-mail to dataprotection@ussoccer.org or write to us at:
1801 S. Prairie Avenue
Chicago, IL 60616
Attn: Privacy Administration/Legal Department
dataprotection@ussoccer.org
Please note that as a 501(c)(3) organization registered with the State of California to solicit charitable contributions, not all information sharing by U.S. Soccer is covered by the "Shine The Light" requirements, and only information on covered sharing and not otherwise exempt under Section (d) of the law will be included in our response. Under California law, businesses are only required to respond to a request once during any calendar year.
U.S. Soccer does not share personal information with third parties for those parties’ direct marketing use unless a guest elects that we do so.  For more information about our privacy and data collection policies, you may wish to review our Privacy Policy.
If you are a California resident under the age of 18, and a registered user of any U.S. Soccer Website or digital application where this policy is posted, California Business and Professions Code Section 22581 permits you to request and obtain removal of content or information you have publicly posted. To make such a request, please send an email with a detailed description of the specific content or information to dataprotection@ussoccer.org. Please be aware that such a request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information you have posted and that there may be circumstances in which the law does not require or allow removal even if requested.