https://www.8ucalafort.org/privacy-policy/
Who we are
We are 8ú Calafort Dún Laoghaire Sea Scouts. Our address is 8ú Calafort Sea Scouts, West Pier, Dún Laoghaire, Co Dublin, Ireland. Our website address is: https://www.8ucalafort.org.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Media
Registered Users (leaders) can upload images, video, and text posts to this site, and should do so only having obtained any necessary permissions or licenses. Media uploaded to this site is retained indefinitely.
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
If you complete a contact form on this site, we will collect and store the data you have entered, including personal contact information, and use it only for the explicit purposes mentioned in the form.
Cookies
If you have an account (as a leader) and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
We do not collect analytics data on visitors.
Who we share your data with
We do not share your data with any third parties.
How long we retain your data
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
Media, including photos, videos, and text posts uploaded by registered users is retained indefinitely as a necessary part of the functionality of the site.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
How we protect your data
Communication with and user login to this site is protected with SSL/TLS encryption.
Recent News
Manannán Hike 4/7/2020
Funding for new engine
Knockree Hostelling 2020 (Manannán)
January Bray to Greystones Hike
Commando Course: February 8th 2020
Sections
Banba News
Eriú News
Fódhla News
Group News
Manannán News
Other News
Upcoming eventsNo events scheduledMore information
Events
History of the Group
Join
News
Privacy Policy
Scouting and 8ú Calafort
Membership
Our Group
Sea Scout Handbook
Welfare and Safety
Summer Sailing Courses
Welcome
Feeds and Leader Area
Log in
Entries feed
Comments feed
WordPress.org