http://www.flaquarium.org/privacy-policy
TODAY'S HOURS
10:30AM
-
4:00PM
Home
Visit
Plan Your Visit
Tickets
Events
Holiday Events
Attend an Event
Host an Event
Exhibits
Group Reservations
Save with CityPASS
Experiences
Wild Dolphin Cruise
Penguin Backstage Pass
The Splash Pad
Washed Ashore - Art To Save The Sea
Virtual Offerings
Virtual Learning
Virtual Events
Aquagrams
Education
SEA-SPAN
Camps
Digital Resources
Field Trips
Programs
Conservation
Coral Conservation Program
Sea Turtle Conservation Program
Shark & Ray Conservation Program
Conservation Priorities
Center for Conservation Campus
Research
Get Involved
Donate
Membership
Membership Reservations
Annual Membership Benefits
Renew Membership
Gift Memberships
SHARE / AZA Reciprocity Program
Swaptember
Volunteer
Internships
Sponsorship
Careers
Adopt an Animal
Blog
Donate
Tickets
Privacy Policy
Home
Trademark
This website and the contents of this website are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. The Aquarium makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied.
All form submissions through this website shall remain the property of the aquarium and by submitting any form, the user grants the Aquarium a royalty-free, perpetual, non-exclusive, unrestricted license to use any comments for any purpose, commercial or otherwise, without compensation to the author or provider of the comments.
This website contains materials which are protected by copyright and trademark laws, and the user may not modify, copy, sell, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish or license any material from our site, including code or software. These Terms of Use may be modified by the Aquarium at any time and will be binding at the time of implementation. Users have the responsibility of reviewing our website's terms and conditions.
Privacy and Security
This website is located onsite at the Aquarium. All information collected during your visit to this website is stored on the aquarium's servers. We have created this privacy and security policy to demonstrate the Aquarium's commitment to protecting your personal information and to inform you how that information is stored and used.
Your Credit Card Information
The Florida Aquarium does not store your credit card information on any of the servers used for internet commerce. The only credit card information that is retained is your card type (i.e. Visa, MC, AMEX) for accounting reports. All online transactions must be verified using Address Verification Services before the purchase will be approved. This is an extra step that helps to protect you.
Your Personal Information
(Name, Address, City, State, Zipcode and email Address) We store your personal information on our servers. This data is used for identification purposes only. Your email address is not sold or given to any other institution or marketing firm. We analyze zip code data for marketing and mailing campaigns.
Your IP Address
(Four numbers, separated by periods, that represent the location of a network device.) We automatically collect your IP address. Your IP address is used to identify you and create a secure channel of communication between our servers and your computer. If you were redirected to our site from a search engine or a link from another site, that information is collected and is used to analyze marketing data.
Children's Privacy (Individuals Under 13 Years of Age)
We do not knowingly solicit data from or market to children under 18 years of age. By using the Services, you represent that you are at least 18 or that you are the parent or guardian of such a minor and consent to such minor dependent’s use of the Services. If we learn that personal information from users less than 18 years of age has been collected, we will deactivate the account and take reasonable measures to promptly delete such data from our records.
Cookies
Cookies are a small packet of information that our server stores on your computer to store persistent state information. Our site uses cookies to create what is known as "session state" between your computer and our servers. Cookies are used in many different ways - it's a programming thing. If you wish to disable cookies, the "help" portion on your browser will tell you how. However; if you disable cookies, you will not be able to access the secure areas of our site.
*The Florida Aquarium website (www.flaquarium.org) is owned, operated and maintained by The Florida Aquarium (also referred to herein as "the Aquarium").