http://www.thinkuknow.co.uk/professionals/terms-and-conditions/
Terms and conditions of the Thinkuknow.co.uk website
This page and any pages it links to explains the terms of use of the Thinkuknow.co.uk  website (“this site”) which is operated by the National Crime Agency’s Child Sexual Abuse (NCA-CSA) Education team.   These terms constitute a legally binding agreement between you and the National Crime Agency concerning your access to and use of the site.  You agree that by accessing the site you have read, understood and agree to be bound by all of these terms.  If you do not agree to be bound you must discontinue use of the site immediately. Your use of the site is at your own risk.
Who are NCA-CSA Education?
NCA-CSA Education  sits within the Threat Leadership Command  of the National Crime Agency  and is dedicated to tackling child sexual abuse and exploitation.  Thinkuknow is its online education programme aimed at providing advice to keep children safe online.  You can contact NCA-CSA Education by emailing ceopeducation@nca.gov.uk.
Using this site
You agree to use this site only for lawful purposes. You must also use it in a way that does not infringe the rights of, or restrict or inhibit the use and enjoyment of, this site by anyone else.
The NCA may update this site at any time and can change or remove content without notice.
Parts of this site are intended for users who are minors.  Younger children should be supervised by a parent or guardian when using the site.
Services and transactions
You can use this site as a child sexual abuse and exploitation (CSAE) learning and awareness raising tool.
You can use this site to access other services that assist children, young people, parents and professionals with CSE reporting and related queries.
These can be managed by the NCA or other organisations. Some services have their own terms and conditions which also apply – read these before you use the service.
Where you provide registration information to the NCA in order to be granted a user account, you represent that such information is accurate and current (including name and email address).
Linking to this site
NCA welcomes and encourages other websites to link to this site. Where you do this, you should ensure that appropriate information is provided on your website to explain the Thinkuknow education programme.
You must contact NCA for permission if you want to either:
charge your website’s users to click on a link to any page on this site
say your website is associated with or endorsed by this site
Linking from this site
This site links to websites that are managed by other organisations. NCA does not have any control over the content on these websites.
NCA is not responsible for:
the protection of any information you give to these websites
any loss or damage that may come from your use of these websites, or any other websites they link to
You agree to release us from any claims or disputes that may come from using these websites.
You should read all terms and conditions, privacy policies and end user licences that relate to these websites before you use them.
Using site content
Most content on this site is subject to NCA copyright and is published under the Open Government Licence (OGL). Any Crown copyright material on this site is subject to Crown copyright protection and is published under the OGL.
Some content is exempt from the OGL - check the list of exemptions.
If any content isn’t subject to Crown copyright protection or published under the OGL, NCA will usually credit the author or copyright holder.
The images, audio, NCA, Thinkuknow and CEOP logos on this website are, unless otherwise stated, subject to NCA copyright. No other images on this site may be reproduced in any format other than for fair comment (e.g. screen shots used for illustration in a presentation) and educational use unless permission is granted by the NCA press office. Requests should be submitted to: digitalcommunications@nca.gov.uk.
You can reproduce content published on this site under the OGL, where applicable, as long as you follow the licence’s conditions and such content is reproduced accurately, is not used in a misleading context, and NCA copyright is clearly acknowledged.
Any enquiries regarding the use and re-use of the content on this site should be sent to: digitalcommunications@nca.gov.uk.
Disclaimer
While NCA makes every effort to keep this site up to date, NCA doesn’t provide any guarantees, conditions or warranties that the information will be:
current
secure
accurate
complete
free from bugs or viruses
NCA is not liable for any loss or damage that may come from using this site. This includes:
any direct, indirect or consequential losses
any loss or damage caused by civil wrongs (‘tort’, including negligence), breach of contract or otherwise
the use of this site and any websites that are linked to or from it
the inability to use this site and any websites that are linked to or from it
This applies if the loss or damage was foreseeable, arose in the normal course of things or you advised NCA that it might happen.
This includes (but isn’t limited to) the loss of your:
income or revenue
salary, benefits or other payments
business
profits or contracts
opportunity
anticipated savings
data
goodwill or reputation
tangible property
intangible property, including loss, corruption or damage to data or any computer system
wasted management or office time
Information about you and your visits to this site
NCA collects information about you in accordance with its privacy and cookie policy.  By using this site, you agree to us collecting this information and confirm that any data you provide is accurate.
Security
The NCA endeavours to take all reasonable steps to protect your personal information but cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose online. You accept the inherent security risks of providing the information over the internet and will not hold NCA responsible for any breach of security unless this is due to the negligence or wilful default of NCA.
Where you have created a user account on this site you agree to keep your password confidential and are responsible for all use of your account and password.
Virus protection
NCA makes every effort to check and test this site for viruses at every stage of production.
You must make sure that the way you use this site doesn’t expose you to the risk of viruses, malicious computer code or other forms of interference which can damage your computer system.
NCA is not responsible for any loss, disruption or damage to your data or computer system that might happen when you use this site.
Viruses, hacking and other offences
When using this site, you must not introduce viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or any other material that is malicious or technologically harmful. In the event of such a breach, your rights to use this Site will cease immediately and we may recover for any loss or damage caused by such a breach
You must not try to gain unauthorised access to this site, the server on which it is stored or any server, computer or database connected to it.
You must not attack this site in any way. This includes denial-of-service attacks.
NCA will report any attacks or attempts to gain unauthorised access to this site to the relevant law enforcement authorities and share information about you with them. We may recover for any loss or damage caused by such an attack.
Termination/suspension of use
The NCA shall have the absolute right in its sole discretion to deny, suspend or terminate access to the site (including a user account) for any reason and without notice, including (but not limited to) for breach of these Terms and Conditions.  If the NCA terminates or suspends your use of this site for any reason other than inactivity (see below) you are prohibited from registering and creating a new account under any name until otherwise notified by the NCA.
The NCA also has the absolute right to terminate your account after two years of inactivity. You will be able to register for an account again.
Unsubscribing from our email communication will also result in your account being temporarily suspended.
Governing law
These terms and conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales.
Any dispute you have which relates to these terms and conditions, or your use of this site (whether it be contractual or non-contractual), will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
General
Supplemental terms and conditions or documents may be posted on the site from time to time and are hereby expressly incorporated by reference.  There may also be legal notices elsewhere on this site that relate to how you use it. NCA is not liable if it fails to comply with these terms and conditions because of circumstances beyond its reasonable control.
NCA might decide not to exercise or enforce any right available to it under these terms and conditions. NCA can always decide to exercise or enforce that right at a later date.
Doing this once won’t mean NCA will automatically waive the right on any other occasion.
If any of these terms and conditions are held to be invalid, unenforceable or illegal for any reason, the remaining terms and conditions will still apply.
Changes to these terms and conditions
Please check these terms and conditions regularly. NCA can update them at any time without notice.
You will agree to any changes if you continue to use this site after the terms and conditions have been updated. It is your responsibility to periodically review these Terms and Conditions to stay informed of updates.
Last updated: 17 November 2020