http://www.brickset.com/article/52660/privacy-and-cookies
The information below is provided for compliance of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) 2018.
Revised March 2020
Privacy policy
We've updated our privacy policy to explain how we collect, store and handle your personal data.
How we collect your data
The data we hold about you is that which you have entered yourself: when you create an account, in your profile page, your collection, reviews and so on. The IP address you use to access the site is recorded in web server logs, as it is on virtually every website, but is not used for any purpose.
Why we collect your data
To get the best out of the site you will want to log in and enter information about your collection, for example, although this is entirely optional. If you never log in to the site nothing is collected other than your IP address, as described above.
What we use your data for
If you have created an account your email address is stored to allow you to log in and manage your account. No other personally identiable data is held. Your collection data is aggregated with that of other users to create scores and reports but it remains totally anonymous.
When we'll share your data
Brickset does not share your data with any other company or person unless you elect to allow it, for example, by making your collection public or by synchronising your account with Rebrickable. You can control your privacy settings on your profile page.
Your email address and other personally identifiable information is never shared.
Viewing your data
You can view the data you have entered on your profile and My sets pages
Your right to be forgotten
If you wish to delete your account and all the content you have generated on the site -- your collection, reviews, comments etc. -- you can do so via the 'Delete your account' link on your profile page.
Targeted advertising and analytics
When not logged in you may see adverts, some of which may be targeted. They are served by Playwire Media. If you wish to avoid adverts, you can create an account and log into the site.
We use Google Analytics and Quantcast to produce anonymous usage statistics.
Common ID Cookie
This site uses cookies and similar tracking technologies such as the Common ID cookie to provide its services. Cookies are important devices for measuring advertising effectiveness and ensuring a robust online advertising industry. The Common ID cookie stores a unique user id in the first party domain and is accessible to our ad partners. This simple ID that can be utilized to improve user matching, especially for delivering ads to iOS and MacOS browsers. Users can opt out of the Common ID tracking cookie by clicking here.
Want to contact us?
If you have any concerns about any of this please contact us.
Cookies
Brickset uses cookies to enhance your experience of the site.
Want to find out more about cookies?
The website All About Cookies provides comprehensive information about cookies and how you can disable them in your browser.
Brickset cookies and 3rd party cookies
When you browse Brickset, you may receive Brickset cookies from Brickset.com, and from 3rd party sites, such as Google, PlayWire, Amazon and eBay.
You can opt out of receiving some of the 3rd party cookies and information on how to do so is provided below.
Affiliate marketing cookies
Brickset is free for everyone to use, but it costs time and money to run. It is funded by affiliate, or performance, marketing. Cookies are essential for this to function. When you click on links to Amazon, eBay and LEGO.com, for example, you may receive cookies that help the site remember that you've visited from Brickset so that your activity (buying or bidding on things) is attributed to Brickset, which then receives a small commission.
You can find out more about performance marketing and the way it uses cookies at the Internet Advertising Bureau's site, Online Performance Marketing, Cookies and You.
If you don't want to receive cookies when using Brickset
Please either visit All About Cookies to find out how to prevent your browser from accepting cookies, or do not use Brickset.
Contact us
If you have any questions or concerns about cookies or your privacy when using Brickset, please contact us.
0 likes
Return to home page »
^ Top