http://www.family.ca/terms-of-use/
Terms of UseTerms of Use – SummaryPLEASE READ THIS TERMS OF USE SUMMARY CAREFULLY.  IT SUMMARIZES THE LEGALLY BINDING TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE AND SERVICES AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SERVICE.Welcome!  This Terms of Use Summary (“Terms Summary”) governs the websites www.family.ca (including both mobile and online versions) made available by WildBrain Ltd. (“WildBrain”, “we” “our” or “us”), including your use of interactive features and other services that we own and control and that post a link to this Terms of Service Summary (collectively, the “Service”).This Terms Summary is designed to provide a simple explanation of the terms and conditions that apply to your use our Service, and is provided in a summary format so that our visitors can easily navigate, read and understand the terms applicable to the Service.  To the extent that you want to review the full Terms of Use (“Terms”) that govern the Service, please visit our full Terms of Use. Our full Terms of Use constitutes a written agreement between you and us and they affect your legal rights and obligations.  Each time you access and/or use the Service (other than to simply read the Terms), you agree to be bound by and comply with the Terms. Therefore, do not use the Service if you do not agree.  If you are under the age of majority in your state or jurisdiction of residence, you may use the Service only with involvement of a parent or guardian who agrees to the Terms and to be responsible for your use.Additionally, by using the Service, you acknowledge and accept the Service’s Privacy & Cookies Policy and consent to the collection and use of your data in accordance with the Privacy & Cookies Policy.  For a quick summary of our Privacy & Cookies Policy, please review our Privacy & Cookies Policy Summary.The target audience for the Service, and its participants, is parents, parents-to-be, teenagers over the age of thirteen (13) and other adult members of families.  The target audience for some of our Services may be parents of preschool age children (except for any specific kids section of a Service, which is meant for preschool age children and their parents to use together).  If you are under the applicable age of majority in your jurisdiction of residence, by using the Service, you certify that your parents/guardians have consented to your use and to the Terms on your behalf, and you acknowledge and agree that your use of the Service is at their discretion.  Until you are the age of majority in your jurisdiction of residence, your parents/guardians may ask us to modify, deny access to, or terminate your account and we may do so at their request or any time, for any reason, without notice or liability.To ease review of our Terms of Use, each section below contains a brief summary of our terms and conditions that apply to the Service and a link to the full explanation.  Click on the headings or the “More” buttons to be taken to the full explanation.Service Content, Ownership, Limited License and Rights of Others We only grant you a limited revocable license to use the Service for your own non-commercial purposes, subject to certain rules and limitations that are set forth in this Section. MoreService and Content Use Restrictions Your use of our Service is subject to various restrictions designed to protect the Service and our users.  Also, we may change or discontinue the Service in whole or in part. MoreOpening and Terminating Accounts You may open, revise and close your accounts that you maintain to access the Service. MoreContent You Submit and Community Usage Rules You grant us a broad license to the content you submit, which you represent you have the right to allow us to use.  You, however, retain ownership of and responsibility for, your content.  Use of our Service is subject to community usage rules and we have the right to manage our Service to keep its content appropriate. MoreProcedure For Alleging Copyright Infringement Users may not post content they do not own or control, and may be suspended or terminated if they do so.  Copyright owners may give us notice of infringement by following specific instructions specifically addressed in this Section. MoreProcedure For Alleging Infringement of Other Intellectual Property You can also give notice of trademark and other infringements that you think occur on the Service. MoreNotices and Questions You agree we may provide you notices, including of new terms and conditions, by posting notice on the home page of the Service, changing the date at the beginning of these Terms or by other reasonable means that we may elect, such as to the email address you provided. MoreLinks by You to the Service You may link to our Service, subject to some basic rules. MoreLinked-To Websites; Advertisements; Dealings with Third Parties We are not responsible for third parties or their content, advertisement(s), apps, sites, products and/or services.  We may make advertisements and third-party content or services available to you on or via our Service, which we do not control.  Use caution when dealing with third parties. MoreWireless and Location-Based Features Wireless carrier charges may apply to use of the Service via wireless networks or Devices. MoreDispute Resolution The procedure for dealing with disputes is set forth here. MoreDisclaimer of Representations and Warranties We disclaim warranties to the extent permitted by applicable law, and provide the Service “As Is”. MoreLimitations of our Liability Our liability is greatly limited by agreeing to these Terms. MoreWaiver of Injunctive or Other Equitable Relief You waive your right to bring equitable or injunctive relief against us. MoreUpdates to Terms The Terms may be updated as our Service evolves.  Posting of new terms on the Service is notice to you thereof. MoreGeneral Provisions You agree to various other terms and conditions, which you should read here, including regarding: (a) our control and discretion; (b) your indemnity of us; (c) accessing the Service from outside of the United States, Canada and/or EU; (d) enforcement and interpretation of these Terms; (e) communications with us; (f) investigations, cooperation with law enforcement, termination and survival; (g) limit on assignment and delegation of rights and obligations; (h) how waivers may be made; (i) some special notices for residents of California (USA); and (j) your responsibility for your connectivity and access. More