http://www.worldlii.org/worldlii/privacy.html
[Home]
[Help]
[Databases]
[World Law]
[Feedback]
Related Links
Privacy Policy
Other Policies
FAQ: Please remove my case
Disclaimers
You are here:
WorldLII >>
About WorldLII >>
Privacy Policy
WorldLII's privacy policies are based on respect for international
standards of information privacy protection.
A. Information concerning usage of WorldLII
A1. WorldLII collects information which identifies, for each
page accessed on WorldLII, the network identity of the machine which
has accessed it.
WorldLII retains this usage information for purposes
of network analysis, usage analysis, and research into usage patterns
for the purpose of improving WorldLII services. Access to and use of
this information is restricted to WorldLII management and staff, and to
researchers working on WorldLII projects and subject to an agreement to
adhere to this Privacy Policy.
A2. WorldLII does not disclose or publish information which
identifies individual machines,or potentially identifying
sub-groupings of addresses, without consent. WorldLII does publish
aggregated information about usage patterns.
A3. WorldLII reserves the right to gather more extensive
information that stated above (i) about any attempted access to
WorldLII which raise security issues (and, where necessary, to make
disclosures to relevent authorities); and (ii) for network analyses on
an occasional basis.
B. Personal information contained in WorldLII databases
B1. Some WorldLII databases contain personal information,
including the decisions of Courts and Tribunals.
WorldLII publishes these databases with the consent
of the public bodies concerned. It is the responsibility of the public
bodies which provide these databases to WorldLII to determine, subject
to the requirements of the laws under which they operate, the
appropriate balance between the privacy interests of individuals and
the public interests in dissemination of the information. In
particular, if personal data is to be anonymised before publication,
this is done by the public body concerned. WorldLII does not and can
not censor part or all of the information provided by these public
bodies for publication.
B2. WorldLII does not give a general consent to the contents of these
databases being indexed by other web sites. WorldLII attempts to
prevent such indexing occurring by placing these database outside the
permitted scope of web 'crawlers', 'robots' or 'spiders' that adhere
to the voluntary Robot Exclusion Standard. WorldLII makes an exception to this general rule in some cases to allow other law web sites to index selected WorldLII databases.
WorldLII also monitors whether any robots attempt to index these
databases in disregard of this Standard, and takes steps to exclude
any that do so from any access to WorldLII.
WorldLII reserves the right to exclude access to its databases by
users or sites that are in apparent breach of any such legal
requirements.
If you have any comments or suggestions in relation to this policy,
please contact WorldLII.
WorldLII:
Feedback |
Privacy Policy |
Disclaimers
URL: http://www.worldlii.org/worldlii/privacy.html