https://www.netsmartzkids.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Be Safer Online!
Videos
Into The Cloud
Games
Be Safer Online!
Activities
Bios
Contact Us
Maintaining the privacy of your personal information is important to NCMEC. This Privacy Policy describes how NCMEC collects and maintains personal information from the Sites. By visiting the Sites you consent to the practices described in the Privacy Policy. NCMEC’s Privacy Policy does not apply to any third party web sites, and third party web sites may have their own privacy policies. NCMEC assumes no liability for how third parties may collect and/or use your personal informationInformation NCMEC CollectsNCMEC may collect technical data from visitors to the Sites, including but not limited to IP addresses and domain names, in order to track the number and frequency of visits NCMEC receives to certain pages of the Sites. NCMEC also may identify the external website link that brings you to the Sites. NCMEC does not associate this technical data with any personally identifiable information in NCMEC’s databases unless a security intrusion or other unlawful activity is detected on the Sites.Information Shared with Third Parties NCMEC occasionally may share aggregated information about visitors to the Sites, which will show visitor activity without identifying particular individual users.CookiesThe Sites may use Cookies (small text files transferred to the computer you are using to browse the Sites) to enhance your experience when visiting the Sites. Cookies can facilitate navigation of the Sites, including but not limited to saving certain personal preferences regarding your use of the Sites. NCMEC uses cookies to increase the efficiency of certain searches you may conduct on the Sites. You can refuse to accept cookies and still use the Sites, but some portions of the Sites may not function properly without cookies.Information from Children Under the Age of 13NCMEC requires the consent of parents or guardians in order for children under the age of 13 to use certain features of the Sites. Children under the age of 13 can view content and play certain games on www.netsmartzkids.org without any personal information being collected. NCMEC does not knowingly solicit or collect personal information from children under the age of 13 except for certain limited activities, such as to receive bulletins from NCMEC or enter a NCMEC contest. In all such instances, the child is required to provide their parent’s or guardian’s email address so NCMEC can obtain consent from the parent or guardian. At any time a parent or guardian can notify NCMEC that he or she no longer wishes the child to receive information from NCMEC. If you are a child under the age of 13 and have information you would like to report to NCMEC about yourself or another child, please call 1-800-843-5678.QuestionsIf you have questions regarding the Privacy Policy please contact NCMEC’s Office of Legal Counsel at The National Center for Missing & Exploited Children, 333 John Carlyle St, Suite 125, Alexandria, Virginia 22314; telephone number 800-843-5678; legal@ncmec.org.