https://www.uvm.edu/compliance/website-privacy-policy/terms-use
Jump to navigation
Return to Campus
Office of Audit and Compliance Services
Office of Audit and Compliance Services
About Us
Audit Services
ComplianceOverview
Help Line FAQ
Compliance Matrices
Consumer Information (HEOA) Disclosures
UVM Policy Site
Compliance Training Library
Privacy ProgramOverview
Report a Privacy Incident/Data Breach/File a Complaint
Key Privacy Laws & Regulations
Record Retention Schedule
Information Security
Contact Us
menu
Office of Audit, Compliance and Privacy Services
Website Privacy Policy/Terms of Use
Category Links
WEBSITE PRIVACY POLICY
WEBSITE TERMS OF USE
THE UNIVERSITY OF VERMONT WEBSITE PRIVACY POLICY
Introduction
The University of Vermont (UVM) has established this Website Privacy Policy ("Policy") and is providing it to you so that you can understand the manner in which we collect, use, and share information collected through this Website, which is published by a UVM education, research, business or service unit or department. Please note that this Policy applies only to information collected on this Website and in email or other electronic messages between you and this Website.  This Policy does not apply to other third-party websites linked to/from this Website or to information that UVM may collect from you through other means. By choosing to continue to use this Website, you agree to be bound by this Policy. Additional policies pertaining to privacy and information security can be found on our Institutional Policies Website.  [If you are located in the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein or Norway (the “European Economic Area”), please contact UVM’s Chief Privacy Officer for additional information about ways that certain UVM units or departments, including this Website, may collect, use, and share personal information about you.
Personal Information Collected
Personal information is any information that is associated with an individual's name or other identifier such as an email address, identification number, or social network account name. If you are visiting this Website to browse or find information about UVM products or services, you do not need to provide any personal information. If you decide to make a service request, such as requesting information on a University college, program or course; signing up for a mailing list; or requesting a campus tour, however, we may ask you for personal information so that we can provide you with the service you requested.
Personal Information Use
UVM may use personal information provided by you through this Website to provide you with the service you have requested. We may also share that personal information with our agents or service providers. We will not sell or trade your personal information to unrelated third parties. For some services requested by you from this Website, you may receive email confirmation. These notifications are considered part of our service and may not be disabled. We will send the email but we cannot guarantee delivery. You are responsible for providing a valid email address and for updating it when your address changes.  We may also periodically send you email notifications concerning services. When supported by technology, UVM will include instructions for opting out of future mailings.  If not supported by technology, you may contact privacy@uvm.edu and request to be removed from future mailings.  UVM affiliates such as students, faculty and staff are not able to opt out of official communications.
UVM uses your personal information collected through this Website for lawful purposes and to fulfill legitimate interests of UVM.  These uses include:
For security purposes;
To conduct online research related to website usage;
To improve our websites and users experience while using our websites;
To better serve users (improve communications, invite users to or register users for events, personalize online transactions, fulfill user requests);
To defend UVM against claims, exercise UVM’s legal rights (including enforcing contracts with you), or respond to subpoenas, court orders, governmental audits/investigations.
We track all connectivity to UVM resources.  We may use this information to track down a technical problem, to investigate fraudulent behavior or illegal conduct or for security purposes.
The collection, use and disclosure of personal information for any purpose not otherwise contained in this notice may require consent or you may be provided with an additional, more specific/detailed notice.
Automatically Collected Information
This Website makes use of various technologies (as further described below) to automatically collect information about the use of this Website. Information automatically collected may include, but is not limited to:
Internet Protocol (IP) address and domain name used to access the Internet;
Web browser/operating system used to access this Website;
Website used to link to this Website (URL);
Date and time this Website was accessed;
Website browsing history (i.e., sites visited during the session, any information the browser may have requested and the response from your browser, page sizes, marketing email or website that referred you to this Website.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Cookies are small text files that are transferred from websites, applications or services and stored on your device.  As is common with many other websites, we may use cookies to provide you with a personalized service or to help make this Website work better for you.  Not all websites use cookies; however, if cookies are used, they may be either temporary or persistent.  Temporary cookies identify and track users within websites, applications or services.  Temporary cookies are deleted when you either close your browser or you leave the website.  Persistent cookies are used to remember who you are and to remember your preferences within a given website, application or service.  These cookies stay on your computer or device after you close your browser or leave the session.  Persistent cookies can be controlled in your device settings.  You can choose not to accept cookies by selection settings on your web browser that block or restrict the use of cookies.  You can also delete cookies that have been placed on your computer or device.
In addition to cookies, this Website may use other types of session identifiers, JavaScript™, scripts, server logs, tracking images, information and correspondence, web analytics, or other browser detection technology to provide consumers with a more pleasant online experience. Many browsers provide consumers with the ability to disable some or all of these technologies. Disabling them, especially in the case of JavaScript™, may prevent you from viewing some web pages.
Third Parties
We may partner with third parties to provide various products and services for which you have signed up. Those third parties may have access to personal information UVM collects in order for them to fulfill their obligations to UVM.  We will only share that personal information necessary for the third party to provide the product or service that you signed up for. We take reasonable steps to ensure that these third parties are obligated to protect your information on our behalf. It is also our policy to never sell or trade information collected online without your prior consent.
We may release personal information if we are legally required to do so. As an instrumentality of the State of Vermont, UVM may be required to share or disclose information as required under law.  This includes 1 V.S.A. § 316, Access to Public Records. If the release of your information to a third party is legally required, UVM may or may not notify you of this release. Notification will be at the discretion of UVM and will be based on the nature and conditions surrounding the release of information.
This Website may contain links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.  It is your sole responsibility to check the privacy policies on those websites for more information. Cookies may be set by parties other than us. These “third-party cookies” may, for example, originate from websites such as YouTube, Twitter, Facebook, Soundcloud, or other social media services for which www.uvm.edu has implemented “plug-ins.” Since the cookie policies of these sites change over time, you should determine their policies by visiting the privacy policy pages of these sites directly.
Confidentiality and Security
UVM takes reasonable steps to ensure that your personal information is protected. This Website uses industry standard encryption when collecting your personal information. We also utilize industry appropriate technical, administrative, and physical controls to protect the confidentiality and security of personal information.  Internally, we limit access to your personal information to those employees or agents who we believe a have reasonable need to use the information to provide products or services to you, or to perform their jobs.
Retention
UVM retains your personal information according to the minimum requirements set either by regulation or by UVM policy.  Please check UVM’s Record Retention Schedule for more information.
History
We periodically make changes to this Policy to reflect additions or changes to our practices. You may review the current policy at any time by returning to this web page. This Policy was last changed on August 5, 2019.
Questions/Contact Information
Please direct all privacy related questions and concerns to the UVM education, research, business or service unit or department to whom you provided your personal information.  If, after contacting that unit or department to which you provided your personal information, your privacy related questions or concerns are not addressed, you may contact the University’s Chief Privacy Officer at privacy@uvm.edu.
THE UNIVERSITY OF VERMONT WEBSITE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE
Use of the University of Vermont (UVM) website and the content contained herein (collectively referred to as the "Site") is governed by the terms of this Agreement (the "Agreement" or "Terms and Conditions") between you and UVM. This is a legally binding agreement and your use of this Site constitutes your unconditional agreement to be bound by the terms outlined herein.  If you do not agree with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, you must immediately cease using this Site.
The Site is subject to protection under copyright, trademark and/or other intellectual property rights owned, controlled or licensed by UVM and their affiliates or by third parties. These rights are protected by common law, state laws, and U.S. and international laws. UVM expressly reserves all right, title, and interest in and to all copyrights, trademarks, logos, patents and other intellectual property and proprietary rights in and to the Site, including but not limited to any images, photographs, animations, video, audio, music, text, and "applets"; the overall "look and feel", processes, software, technology, and other materials which appear on this Site; and the business processes used to market products and services. You agree that your rights are limited to those granted herein, and you will not acquire any rights except as expressly set forth in this Agreement. Any use of the Site not expressly permitted by these Terms and Conditions is a breach of this Agreement and may violate copyright, trademark, and other laws.
The information presented on or through the Site is made available solely for general information purposes. We do not warrant the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of this information. Any reliance you place on such information is strictly at your own risk. We disclaim all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance placed on such materials by you or any other visitor to the Site, or by anyone who may be informed of any of its contents.
Your use of the Site indicates that you have read, understand and agree to UVM’s Website Privacy Policy, incorporated herein by reference. All information we collect on this Site is subject to our Website Privacy Policy.
You are prohibited from violating or attempting to violate the security of the Site, including, without limitation, (a) accessing data not intended for your use or logging onto a server or an account which you are not authorized to access; (b) utilizing login credentials (user name and password) to gain access to those portions of this Site that are password protected; (c) attempting to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of a system or network or to breach security or authentication measures without proper authorization; (d) attempting to interfere with service to any user, host or network, including without limitation, via means of submitting a virus to the Site, overloading, "flooding," "spamming," "mail bombing" or "crashing;" (e) sending unsolicited email, including promotions, advertising of products or services, “spam” or material otherwise considered commercial; or (f) introducing any viruses, worms, logic bombs, or other material that is malicious or technologically harmful or otherwise attempting to interfere with the proper working of the Site. Violations of system or network security may result in civil or criminal liability.
Much of the information on the Site is updated on a regular basis and is proprietary or is licensed to UVM by our suppliers and other third parties. You agree not to use any device, technique, software, system or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with, or to otherwise circumvent the proper working of this Site or any activity being conducted on this Site. You agree, further, not to use or attempt to use any engine, device, technique, software, tool, agent or other device or mechanism (including without limitation browsers, spiders, robots, scrapers, avatars or intelligent agents) to navigate, access or search this Site, other than generally available third-party web browsers. Additionally, you agree that you will not take any action that imposes or may impose (in the sole discretion of us or our suppliers affected by your action) an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure, or the bandwidth or infrastructure of the company that hosts this Site, or bypass the robot exclusion headers or other measures on this Site or on the host servers that may be used to prevent or restrict access.
You agree not to use this Site in any manner or for any purpose that violates local, state or federal, or any foreign government law or regulation.  You further agree not to use this Site to post or send anything that threatens or defames another party or that is obscene or pornographic. You also agree not to engage in any other conduct that restricts or inhibits anyone's use or enjoyment of the Site, or which, as determined by us, may harm UVM or users of the Site, or expose them to liability.
You agree not to violate UVM’s rights or the rights of UVM’s affiliates or third parties’ as they relate to the download, transmission, or other use of this Site. You understand that UVM cannot and does not guarantee or warrant that files available for downloading from the internet or the Site will be free of viruses or other destructive code. You are responsible for implementing sufficient procedures and checkpoints to satisfy your particular requirements for anti-virus protection and accuracy of data input and output, and for maintaining a means external to our Site for any reconstruction of any lost data.
Use of the Site is solely at your own risk.  The Site is provided as is and as available, without any warranties of any kind, either express or implied. UVM makes no warranty or representation with respect to the completeness, security, reliability, quality, accuracy, or availability of the Site. Without limiting the foregoing, UVM does not represent or warrant that the Site or its content will be accurate, reliable, error-free, or uninterrupted, that defects will be corrected, that the Site or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or other harmful components, or that the Site will otherwise meet your needs or expectations. Should this Site not meet your needs, your remedy is to cease using the Site.  TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PROVIDED BY LAW, UVM HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, STATUTORY, OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
This Site may contain links to other, non-UVM, websites that are also available as is and provided as a convenience to you.  UVM does not take responsibility for nor does it endorse or control any of these third-party websites. If you decide to access any of the third-party websites linked to this Site, you do so entirely at your own risk and subject to the terms and conditions of use for such websites.
To the fullest extent provided by law, in no event shall UVM and its affiliates, suppliers, employees and agents be liable for any damages whatsoever (including, without limitation, special, indirect, incidental, and consequential damages, lost profits, or damages resulting from lost data or business interruption) resulting from the use or inability to use the Site or any delays, errors, malfunctions, compatibility problems, power failures, Acts of God, or breakdowns with respect to the Site and the material on the Site, whether based on warranty, contract, tort or any other legal theory and whether or not UVM and its affiliates, suppliers, employees and agents are advised of the possibility of such damages.
If you violate any of the terms or conditions of this Agreement, this Agreement terminates immediately without notice. UVM may deny access to the Site to you and anyone claiming by or through you without liability to anyone. UVM shall have all additional rights and remedies at law and in equity arising from such violation. Further, you agree to indemnify, defend and hold UVM and its affiliates, suppliers, employees and agents harmless from and against all claims, actions, losses, liabilities, damages, costs and expenses (including attorneys' fees) arising out of or relating to any such prohibited use of the Site or your violation of these Terms and Conditions, including, but not limited to, any use of the Site's content other than as expressly authorized in this Agreement. If you violate or infringe upon the rights of any third party, they have all remedies at law and in equity to enforce their rights against you to the extent applicable arising from your actions.
Any delay or failure to act with respect to a breach of this Agreement by you or others does not constitute a waiver and shall not limit such rights with respect to such breach or any subsequent breaches. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Vermont without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule. Any legal suit, action, or proceeding arising out of, or related to this Agreement or the Site shall be instituted exclusively in the federal courts of the United States or the courts of the State of Vermont. You waive any and all objections to the exercise of jurisdiction over you by such courts and to venue in such courts.
If any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the remainder of this Agreement, which shall be given full effect without regard to the invalid portions.
UVM may update its Site, its Website Privacy Policy and/or these Terms and Conditions from time to time in its sole discretion. In addition, UVM may cease to provide this Site at any time without liability.  Updates to these Terms and Conditions will be posted as amended and are effective immediately.  Your continued use of the Site following the posting of any amended Terms and Conditions means that you accept and agree to the changes. You are expected to check this page so you are aware of any changes, as they are binding on you. UVM makes no guarantee that this Site will continue to be available.
This Agreement represents the entire agreement between you and UVM regarding the use of the Site and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous understandings, agreements, representations, and warranties, both written and oral, regarding the Site.
Most UVM websites will contain contact information.  Please direct all questions related to these Terms and Conditions to the contact information listed on each respective website.  If there is no contact information listed, you may contact UVM’s webmaster at webteam@uvm.edu.
Last updated: August 5, 2019
Copyright © 2019 UVM. All rights reserved.