http://www.ighof.com/privacy-policy.php
Have any questions?
405.235.5600
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
What
information do we collect?
We
collect information from you when you respond to a survey or donate to the
IGHOF or become a member.
When
ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you
may be asked to enter
your: name, e-mail address, mailing address,
phone number or credit card
information.
What
do we use your information for?
Any
of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following
ways:
To personalize your experience
(your
information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To process transactions
Your
information, whether public or private, will not be
sold, exchanged,
transferred, or given to any other company for any
reason whatsoever, without
your consent, other than for the express
purpose of delivering the purchased
product or service requested.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
To send periodic emails
The
email address you provide, may be used to send you
information and updates
pertaining to your order, in addition to
receiving occasional company news,
updates, related product or service
information, etc.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, please send us an email to the sender's address and include in the subject line "Take me off the mailing list".
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children's Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our web site privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below:
www.ighof.com
3214 Bart Conner Dr.
Norman, Oklahoma 73072
© Copyright 2020
International Gymnastics Hall of Fame. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy