http://www.skylake.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Secondary Menu
enroll now
request information
videos
contact
login
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
• Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
Mobile Secondary Nav
Enroll Now
Request Information
Login
Skylake Yosemite Camp
Since 1945
37976 Road 222 • Wishon, CA 93669 • USA • (559) 642-3720
Skylake Yosemite Camp
Since 1945
37976 Road 222 • Wishon, CA 93669 • USA • (559) 642-3720
Footer menu
PRIVACY POLICY
TERMS & CONDITIONS
Contact Us
Sitemap
Skylake Yosemite Camp is a traditional California summer camp for children located almost equal distance between San Francisco and Los Angeles. The camp is located in the Sierra National Forest on Bass Lake, 15 miles from Yosemite National Park. Skylake is celebrating 75 years in 2020!
Skylake Yosemite Camp is operated under a Special Use Permit with the Sierra National Forest.  In accordance with Federal law and U.S. Department of Agriculture policy, Skylake Yosemite Camp is prohibited from discriminating on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, age or disability. Skylake proudly adheres to that policy.