https://www.daguerreiansociety.org/privacy/
Privacy Policy - The Daguerreian Society
Become A Member
Login
Skip to content
Home
About Us
Benefits of Membership
Register Now as a Member
Board, Officers and Editors
The Daguerreian Annual
The Daguerreian Society Quarterly
Society Bylaws
Store
Dennis Waters Memorial
Join / Renew
Student Membership
Collector / Dealer / Household Membership
Institutional / Library Membership
Supporting Membership
Preferred Membership
Premier Membership
Talks
Photographing the Rogues: The Police and 19th Century Photography (10/10/2020)
The Art of the Carte: The artistry and influence of the carte de visite in 1860s America (10/3/2020)
The Collins Family and the Business of Producing Daguerreotypes in Antebellum Philadelphia (9/26/2020)
The Daguerreotype in Mexico: Origin and Evolution (9/19/2020)
The Rise of Photojournalism: Through the Daguerreian Era and Into the Civil War (9/12/2020)
Members’ Favorites (9/5/2020)
Seeing the Elephant: Photography and the American Civil War (8/15/2020)
Spirit Photography (8/8/2020)
The Daguerreotype and the 1851 Great Exhibition (8/1/2020)
Highlights of the Daguerreotype in Argentina & Uruguay (7/25/2020)
The Daguerreotype: A Contemporary Approach (7/18/2020)
French Daguerreotypes (7/11/2020)
Face to Face with the Revolution (7/4/2020)
Southworth & Hawes (6/27/2020)
Managing, Cataloging, Storing, and Digitizing your Daguerreotype Collection (6/20/2020)
Interrogating the Photograph as Object (6/13/2020)
Daguerre’s Legacy (6/6/2020)
Events
The Daguerreian Society Talk Series (on line)
2020 Symposium and Show CANCELLED
2019 Conference and Show
Auction
Information and Consigning
2019 Benefit Auction Results
Lots 1-25
Lots 26-50
Lots 51-78
Silent Auction
2018 Benefit Auction Results
Lots 1-25
Lots 26-50
Lots 51-74
2017 Benefit Auction Results
Lots 1-25
Lots 26-50
Lots 51-66
Resources
FAQ
Daguerreotype Catalog (daguerreobase.org)
Contemporary Daguerreotypes (cdags.org)
Making a Daguerreotype
Catching a Shadow (librarycompany.org)
A simulation of the daguerreotype viewing experience
Adrien Mentienne Museum in Bry-sur-Marne
Talks on the Daguerreotype by Dr. Mike Robinson
The Photo Detective Podcast: Photo Fakes with Michael Medhurst
American Artifacts: National Museum of the American Indian Photo Collections with Michelle Delaney
Bibliography
Daguerreotype Research Archive (daguerreotypearchive.org)
The Daguerreian Annual Index
The Daguerreian Annual Tables of Contents
Contacts
Contact the Society
Join our Email List
Members
Your Member Account
Reset Your Password
Search the Members Directory
Submit a Post
Privacy Policy
loading...
Privacy Policy
The Daguerreian Society is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This policy sets out the basis on which we collect, process, store, and use and personal information collected from you in connection with the following websites (the Site):
www.daguerreiansociety.org
www.daguerre.org
Please read the following carefully to understand our practices regarding your personal information and how we will treat it.
Who we are
This Site is operated by The Daguerreian Society, whose business address is PO Box #306
Cecil, PA 15321- 0306.
Any correspondence regarding the use of your personal information may be sent to that mail address, to the email address info@daguerreiansociety.org, or to the Site using the Contact form.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
We may collect the following information about you:
Information you provide when you contact us by email, via social media, SMS or telephone.
Information you provide when you fill in a form on the Site.
Site registration or membership information.
Your participation and contributions to discussion boards or social media functions on the Site.
Information you provide when responding to a survey or questionnaire.
Details of any transactions you carry out via the Site and the fulfillment of such orders
Information you provide when reporting a problem or requesting Site support.
The information you provide us may include your name, member name, address, email address, social media accounts, telephone number, payment information, electronic images, and comments.
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
When you submit a Contact form on the web site, the personal information, questionnaire responses, and/or message contents will be recorded on the Site and will be accessed by representatives of The Daguerreian Society. We may keep information submitted through a Contact form perpetually, but do not use such information for unrelated marketing activities, and do not share it with third parties for any purpose.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select "Remember Me", your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Links to third party websites
The Site, and our electronic communications, may from time to time contain links to third party web sites. If you follow any such a link, note that you are leaving the Site and accessing another web site that will have its own privacy policies. The Daguerreian Society does not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
The Site may use third party analytics services in order to improve the functionality and performance of the Site. This allows us to provide a high quality web site experience.
Who we share your data with
TBD
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their own personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information (except for user passwords).
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Your contact information
Any correspondence regarding the use of your personal information may be sent to the physical mail address listed above, to the email address info@daguerreiansociety.org, or to the Site using this contact form.
Additional information
How we protect your data
Personal membership data such as names and contact information, including data available through members search or member profiles, are only available to members when logged in to the Site using the member's secret password. Except for certain basic membership data, each member individually opts in or out to sharing personal data with other members.
What data breach procedures we have in place
What third parties we receive data from
With the possible exception of analytics relating to Site use or performance, the Site does not receive data about its users from third parties.
What automated decision making and/or profiling we do with user data
The Site does not perform any automated decision making. All changes and decisions are made by humans.
Industry regulatory disclosure requirements
The Daguerreian Society does not understand itself to be a member of a regulated industry or to be subject to any additional privacy laws that we might be obligated to disclose.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Any material changes we make to this Privacy Policy in the future will be posted on this page or, where appropriate, by email.
Comments are closed
Search Site
Membership Login
Username or Email:
Password:
signup now | forgot password?
Remember Me
Recent Posts
Daguerrean vs. Daguerreian
Washington Territory
Hyde Family Photo
Why No Illustration?
J W Newland
Daguerreian Society PO Box #306. Cecil, PA 15321- 0306
All Rights Reserved © 2020 DaguerreianSociety.org
...
Privacy Policy
...
Terms of Service
Powered by Event Espresso &
WordPress.