http://www.countriesquest.com/privacy.htm
you are here ::
home :: Web site privacy policy
Web site privacy policy
Countries Quest has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site: Countries Quest
Information Automatically Logged
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is also used to gather broad demographic information.
Cookies
Our Site uses cookies to make sure you don't see the same ad repeatedly.
Advertisers
We use an outside ad company to display ads on our site. These ads may contain cookies. While we use cookies in other parts of our Web site, cookies received with banner ads are collected by our ad company, and we do not have access to this information.
Surveys
Our online surveys ask visitors for contact information (like email address).
Contact information from the surveys is used to send promotional material from some of our partners to our customers. The customer's contact information is also used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary.
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites. Countries Quest is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Special Relationships
Special relationships, such as "Powered by" partners, content providers, business partners, cobranded sites. No type of information is shared.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving promotional/marketing information from our partners, and us.
You can send email to
You can visit the following URL: http://www.countriesquest.com
Data Quality/Access
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided:
You can send email to
You can visit the following URL: http://www.countriesquest.com
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact:
Search within this web site: