http://www.greenriverpreserve.com/privacy-policy
Home
About Us
Educational Philosophy
Experience Camp! Photo Session Story
Traditions
History
Year-Round Staff
Property & Facilities
Apply Now
Convinced? Of course you are. Apply now!
View More Videos
Summer Camp
Dates & Rates
First Time At Camp?
Activities & Environmental Programs
Daily Schedule
Cabin Life & Age Groups
Health & Safety
Summer Staff
Parent Information
Video Gallery
Apply Now
Convinced? Of course you are. Apply now!
View More Videos
Expeditions
Expedition Dates & Rates
Base Camp Expeditions
Blue Ridge Expeditions
Outer Banks Expeditions
Leadership in Training
Western Expeditions
Parent FAQs
Meet Our Staff
Apply Now
Convinced? Of course you are. Apply now!
View More Videos
School Programs
School of Environmental Education
KALE
Meet Our Staff
Apply Now
Convinced? Of course you are. Apply now!
View More Videos
Work
Philosophy
Application Process
Counselor
Mentor
Activity Leader
Expedition Leader
Internships
Apply Now
Convinced? Of course you are. Apply now!
View More Videos
Events
Farm to Table Dinner
Volunteer Weekend
Rookie Weekend
Are You Passionate About GRP?
Partners & Memberships
Open Now: Day Passes and Campsite Rental
Apply Now
Convinced? Of course you are. Apply now!
View More Videos
Summer Safety
Donate
Wish List
Peer Fundraising
Apply Now
Convinced? Of course you are. Apply now!
Blog
Authors
Apply Now
Convinced? Of course you are. Apply now!
Menu
Privacy Policy
Web Site Terms and Conditions of Use
1. Terms
By accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these
web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations,
and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local
laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from
using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are
protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.
2. Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials
(information or software) on Green River Preserve's web site for personal,
non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license,
not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on Green River Preserve's web site;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
transfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Green River Preserve at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
3. Disclaimer
The materials on Green River Preserve's web site are provided "as is". Green River Preserve makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, Green River Preserve does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
4. Limitations
In no event shall Green River Preserve or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Green River Preserve's Internet site, even if Green River Preserve or a Green River Preserve authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
5. Revisions and Errata
The materials appearing on Green River Preserve's web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Green River Preserve does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. Green River Preserve may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. Green River Preserve does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.
6. Links
Green River Preserve has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Green River Preserve of the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the user's own risk.
7. Site Terms of Use Modifications
Green River Preserve may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
8. Governing Law
Any claim relating to Green River Preserve's web site shall be governed by the laws of the State of North Carolina without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
By using this website, you agree to allow Green River Preserve (also referred to as "GRP") to collect electronic information about you and your visit in the form of "cookies". At this point in time, GRP is only using this information in conjunction with Google Analytics, but GRP reserves the right to use this information in the future with other services. If you do not wish to share this information with GRP, please disable cookie sharing in your chosen browser. If your information has already been shared with GRP, please contact us and we will remove your information from our system.
We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.