http://www.seymoursimon.com/index.php/static/privacy_policy/
Privacy Policy
Seymoursimon.com is committed to providing a fun, safe and secure website for both adults and for people under 18 years old. We are dedicated to safeguarding all personal information collected online and to helping our visitors learn how to exercise control over personal information while exploring the Internet. Because many visitors to this site are children, we take care that children access only the content that is appropriate for them. In addition, we employ special measures to help children protect their privacy while online. We do not ask children to disclose more personal information than is necessary for them to participate in a particular activity, and we take steps to prevent children from posting contact information. Seymoursimon.com is committed to complying fully with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998. To help ensure a rewarding online experience for all visitors, we provide this summary of our information practices. This privacy notice governs the collection and use of information at Seymoursimon.com. As we continue to offer our visitors new and different types of content and services, we may modify our practices from time to time. What Information Is Collected? At Seymoursimon.com, it’s our policy to create website content that requires minimum collection of information from our visitors.
From time to time, however, we may request limited personally identifiable information (e.g. a child’s e-mail address and/or the e-mail address of a parent or third party), as explained below, in order to conduct online contests or sweepstakes or offer other online activities.
If a child registers for our Enhanced Services (enabling them to play casual games on the seymoursimon.com and keep track of their scores on a high-score table), they canuse and enjoy Seymoursimon.com without any personally identifiable information being collected from them other than their parent or guardian’s email address for purposes of parental notification/consent.
To register for an account, Seymoursimon.com collects from the user only non-personally identifiable information about themselves, namely, their gender, date of birth, country/state of residence, a user name (with a notice not to use a real name) and a password (plus a hint in case the password is forgotten). Once a child has registered, they can temporarily access the casual gaming functionality of Seymoursimon.com for a period of up to 7 days. As part of the registration process, a child must also provide a parent or guardian’s email address. Before either a permanent account is activated, we send an email to the parent or guardian informing them that their child has requested to register, and asking for the parent or guardian’s permission by following the instructions in the email notification.
A parent can refuse to allow their child to become a member of Seymoursimon.com, which will prohibit access to the site by your child once the 7-day temporary access period ends. If we do not hear back from you within the 7 days, we will assume you have not consented to your child being registered with us, and your child’s account will be deactivated. In addition, any information that was provided by your child, including your email address, will be purged from our system within a reasonable amount of time. Once we receive parental permission, the registration information is only used to permit children to use the functions of Seymoursimon.com or our internal purposes, and not for any other purpose. In the event that we do collect personally identifiable information, parents will be given the ability to consent to our collection and use of such personally identifiable information without consenting to the disclosure of that information to third parties.
For some of our online activities - such as polls or surveys - we may ask users to provide additional information that is not personally identifiable, such as city of residence or a visitor’s favorite book.
Contests and Sweepstakes
Seymoursimon.com occasionally offers contests and sweepstakes which may be entered online. To participate in a contest or sweepstakes, a child is asked to provide his or her first name and e-mail address. E-mail addresses are collected for the purpose of entering the online sweepstakes or contest on a one-time basis and are used to notify winners of the sweepstakes or contest. The parent or guardian of the winner will be required to return a completed prize acceptance form contained in the notification e-mail by facsimile or US mail within a designated time period. Sometimes, when we conduct contests or sweepstakes that may involve more than a one-time contact, we ask additionally for the e-mail address of the entrant’s parent or guardian. In such types of contests or sweepstakes, we send the child’s parent an e-mail informing him or her of the child’s entry and give the parent the option to have the child’s entry deleted. All the information collected by Seymoursimon.com is securely maintained and used only for the purpose of conducting the contest or sweepstakes. Once the contest or sweepstakes is finished, we then delete any personal information collected. The information collected in a Seymoursimon.com sweepstakes may be passed on to a fulfillment house which may use the information to help run the contest or sweepstakes and may not use it for other purposes. E-mail Seymoursimon.com may also provide the opportunity for visitors to send e-mail to us. All information collected is used only to respond to e-mail questions and/or requests. Use of Information Seymoursimon.com uses or may use personally identifiable information that children provide for such purposes as conducting contests or sweepstakes, and responding to their questions regarding our products and services. Seymoursimon.com currently does not disclose to third parties personally identifiable information that children provide, except from time to time, we may transfer, disclose or share such information with third parties who may be engaged by us specifically to handle and deliver certain online activities (e.g. conducting contests and sweepstakes). Such third parties have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes. Additionally, in the event that all or substantially all of the assets relating to Seymoursimon.com are transferred or sold to another entity, personally identifiable information submitted to us may be transferred to the acquiring entity. Finally, we may also disclose personally identifiable information to third parties in order to comply with law or requests by law enforcement agencies, to enforce our Terms and Conditions or to protect the rights, property or safety of our website, users of our website and others. Cookies and Log Data Cookies are information files that your web browser places on the hard drive of your computer when you visit a website. Cookies cannot damage user files, nor can they read information from a user’s hard drive. Cookies allow websites to "remember" users’ activities on a website as well as users’ visits to a site. At Seymoursimon.com, cookies are used to determine the number of unique visitors to our website over a given period. We do not store any personal information into cookies nor do we link or combine information collected through cookies to any personal information that children submit online when participating in our activities. You can, of course, disable cookies on your computer by indicating this in the preferences or options menus in your browser. We use log data - aggregate information - to improve access to our content based on our visitors’ browsers and operating system types to make our content available to as many children as possible. We do not link the log data collected to the personal information that children submit online when participating in our activities. Security Seymoursimon.com has taken steps to ensure that personally identifiable information collected is secure. Seymoursimon.com provides links to other websites that may have their own information collection practices. These other websites are governed by their own privacy policies or information collection practices, which may be substantially different from ours. We encourage visitors to other websites to review the privacy policies and information collection practices of those websites. A Final Note to Parents Parents are strongly encouraged to participate in their children’s online activities and monitor their children’s use of e-mails, instant message programs, and engagement in other electronic communication. For more information about COPPA or children’s privacy, please visit www.ftc.gov/bcp/menus/consumer/data/child.shtm.
The Internet offers a world of opportunity for children. Your guidance and involvement are essential to help ensure that children have a safe and rewarding online experience. We encourage you to visit getnetwise.org or SafeKids.com and review their online safety tools and information. Your efforts to instill responsible information practices will help steer your children to age-appropriate sites and will go a long way toward ensuring that your children have enriching experiences online.
Questions/Concerns? If you have any questions, comments or concerns regarding Seymoursimon.com’s privacy policy and/or practices, please contact:
Liz Nealon .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address)
F: 309-405-1865 The Seymoursimon.com website is intended for domestic viewers and is consequently directed towards residents of the United States. This privacy policy was last updated on March 15, 2010. Seymoursimon.com reserves the right to change its privacy policy at its sole discretion. Users will be informed of any such change by the posting of a new privacy policy, with the effective date clearly marked, on the seymoursimon.com website. END OF DOCUMENT.
Search:
Books
Digital Books
New Books
Smithsonian Collins Series
Dover Books
En Español
Paper Airplane Book & More
SeeMore Readers
Einstein Anderson Science Geek
Scholastic Book Clubs
Science Project Books
Technology
Other
About Seymour Simon
FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions)BioInterviewsVideosSpeaking ScheduleRequest a Visit or Skype SessionPress
SeymourScience Blog
Kids
Videos
Free StuffBook Report HelpLook up a Science WordScience News
For Educators
Benefits of a FREE Adult Account
Videos
Teacher Guides, Extra Resources
Contests
Science Dictionary
Cool Science & Great Links
Contact Seymour Simon at simon@seymoursimon.com.
| Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
© Seymour Simon. All Rights Reserved.