http://www.astrazeneca.co.uk/about-us/working-with-government-and-policy-makers.html
Skip to content
skip to navigation
Search
Menu
Search
Search
Search
Close
About us
About us
Working with patient groups
Working with UK HCPs
Working with the NHS
Working with government and policy makers
Medicines
Media
Careers
Find out more about working at AZ
AstraZeneca's Careers Website
Medical and Educational Goods and Services
AZ Medical and Educational Goods and Services in Diabetes
AZ Medical and Educational Goods and Services in Asthma
More
Hide
AstraZeneca Websites
Global site
About Us
About Us
Working with patient groups
Working with UK Healthcare Professionals
Working with the NHS
Working with government and policy makers
More
Working with government and policy makers
Working with the UK government, policy makers and regulatory bodies is essential to ensure that patients in the UK can access innovative medicines when they need them.
Healthcare reform and budget changes can have a huge impact on how the NHS delivers its services.
To ensure our medicines can continue to have the biggest possible impact on improving health, we work collaboratively with all areas of government and regulatory bodies.
We want our treatments to improve the lives of as many people as possible.
That goal calls for us to be prominent in all discussions with government on healthcare reform. Ensuring patients encounter fewer barriers to treatment is essential.
Working closely with the government, we aim to provide a valuable perspective on how healthcare policies impact the lives of real people. As a leading UK based company, we are also keen to ensure that the environment for developing new medicines in the UK remains strong, and that the UK can retain its status a centre of medical innovation. We work with our industry trade body, the Association of the British Pharmaceutical Industry to ensure that the voice of our industry is part of these important debates.
Examples of who we work with:
MPs
NHS bodies
Public Health bodies
Civil servants
Department of Health
NICE
Association of the British Pharmaceutical Industry
Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency (MHRA)
National Institute for Biological Standards and Controls
Be among our employees who continue to make us an innovation-driven company that stands firmly among the world’s leaders in biopharmaceuticals.
AstraZeneca careers
VVPM ID: GB-20009 Date of Prep: December 2019
You are now leaving AstraZeneca.co.uk
You have selected a link that will take you to a site maintained by a third party who is solely responsible for its contents.
AstraZeneca provides this link as a service to website visitors. AstraZeneca is not responsible for the privacy policy of any third party websites. We encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit.
Click ‘cancel’ to return to AstraZeneca’s site or ‘continue’ to proceed.
Cancel
Continue
?
Important notice for users
You are about to access AstraZeneca historic archive material. Any reference in these archives to AstraZeneca products or their uses may not reflect current medical knowledge and should not be used as a source of information on the present product label, efficacy data or safety data. Please refer to your approved national product label (SmPC) for current product information.
I have read this warning and will not be using any of the contained product information for clinical purposes.
I disagree
I agree
?
?