http://www.gsmanitou.org/en/about-girl-scouts/privacy-policy.html
Shop
Contact
Resources
Forms
ABOUT GIRL SCOUTS
ABOUT GIRL SCOUTS
COOKIES
COOKIES
CAMPING
CAMPING
VOLUNTEERS
VOLUNTEERS
DONATE
DONATE
EVENTS
EVENTS
MY GS
MY GS
ABOUT GIRL SCOUTSWho We AreOur ProgramThe Girl Scout DifferenceLead Like A Girl Scout Manitou CouncilJoin COOKIES CAMPING VOLUNTEERS DONATEEVENTS MY GS
Shop
Contact
Resources
Forms
Who We AreOur ProgramThe Girl Scout DifferenceLead Like A Girl Scout Manitou CouncilJoin
About Girl ScoutsPrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This Web site is owned and operated by Girl Scouts of Manitou
Council, a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization headquartered in 5212
Windward Ct, Sheboygan, WI 53083, USA ("Girl Scouts of Manitou
Council " or "we"). Our online properties comprise of,
but are not limited to, all pages found on our main corporate site (www.gsmanitou.org), our official online store (shop.gsmanitou.org), and certain partner sites.
This privacy policy applies to these sites and other sites, mobile
apps or other online services we operate that link to this policy
(collectively, referred to below as the site).
Girl Scouts of Manitou Council is committed to respecting and
protecting the privacy of our visitors. This privacy policy discloses
how we collect, protect, and use Personal Data you provide or we
collect online, as well as how we protect children's privacy.
“Personal Data” is any information relating to an identified or
identifiable person, for example, your e-mail address, name, or phone
number. If our policy practices change in the future, we will let you
know by posting our revised privacy policy on our site. By using the
pages on this site or other services covered by the posted Privacy
Policy, you are accepting the practices described in the Privacy Policy.
PERSONAL DATA COLLECTION
At our site, we do not collect Personal Data from individuals unless
they provide it to us voluntarily and knowingly and as described in
this Privacy Policy. This means we do not require you to register or
provide information to us in order to view our site. Girl Scouts of
Manitou Council only gathers Personal Data on our site, such as names,
addresses, Zip/postal codes, email addresses, etc., when voluntarily
submitted by a visitor. Once collected, we may combine this
information with other information collected from external sources,
where permitted by applicable law.
Girl Scouts of Manitou Council may automatically collect certain
technical information from your computer such as your Internet service
provider, your Internet Protocol address, your browser type, your
operating system, the web pages viewed, the web pages viewed
immediately before and after accessing the Web site, and the search
terms entered to get to our site. This information may contain
Personal Data. This information will only be used and processed by us
to improve and customize our services. We and our service providers
may collect this information using "cookies," which are
small text files that many websites save on your computer, or similar
technologies. See the section on "Use of Cookies and Similar
Technology" below for more information.
USE AND SHARING OF PERSONAL DATA
The Personal Data you provide and that we collect is used and
processed by Girl Scouts of Manitou Council and other entities who are
involved by us in the operation of this site or who provide support
for the Girl Scouts of Manitou Council mission and programs, for
general business purposes and for the purposes for which you provided
the information. General business purposes are Girl Scouts of Manitou
Council membership activities, program participation, marketing,
promotions, sales, merchandising, and fundraising activities and
communications. The purposes for which you provide information
includes, for example, our use of your Personal Data to process online
transactions, purchases, and donations, facilitate participation in
Girl Scouts of Manitou Council programs, promotions and services, or
process job applications.
We do not sell Personal Data or other information you provide to us
online with third parties. We may share Personal Data with the
following categories of third parties: (i) Girl Scouts of the USA
(GSUSA); (ii) with other Girl Scout Councils; (iii) when the person
submitting the information authorizes us to share it; (iv) when
sharing the information is with a service provider in furtherance of
our operations or the operation of the site, for instance, to process
a purchase or other transaction you make; (v) to facilitate
participation in Girl Scouts of Manitou Council programs, promotions,
and services, or to engage in Girl Scouts fund raising, marketing
communications and promotions; (vi) to comply with legal processes
such as a subpoena or court order or to otherwise protect your or our
legal rights; or (vii) for other purposes for which you provided the
information. Girl Scouts of Manitou Council has no control over or
responsibility for the data collection and use practices of third
parties that process online transactions. For example, if you make a
purchase on our site using a PayPal account or similar account of a
third party payment provider, certain information is transmitted to
the payment provider and is subject to the third party's own privacy
policy. We do not share or exchange your Personal Data collected
online or offline with third parties for their fundraising or
marketing purposes, and only in accordance with applicable law and any
required consents.
Your Personal Data is collected through, stored, and processed by us
or our service providers in the United States of America or other
countries that may not be your home country and that might not be
deemed to provide protections equivalent to your home country.
CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
Girl Scouts of Manitou Council is committed to providing a safe,
secure, and fun online experience for children who visit our site and
to following all laws designed to protect the privacy of children with
which we are required to comply. We are dedicated to safeguarding any
Personal Data collected online and to helping parents and children
have positive experiences on the Internet.
Information and photographs of children will only be used with the
permission of parents or legal guardians obtained at initial
membership registration and periodically after that time. Information
about their children can be deleted from the site by parents by
contacting our offices by phone at (800) 738-7014 or via email. To do
this or to review Personal Data collected from children, we must
verify the identity of the requesting parent. When a parent revokes
consent, we will stop collecting, using, processing, or disclosing
information from that child. To respect the privacy of parents,
information collected and used for the sole purpose of obtaining
verifiable parental consent or providing notice is not maintained in
retrievable form by the site if parental consent is not obtained after
a reasonable time.
The Personal Data and other information collected from or about
children may be shared with the child's troop or Girl Scouts of the USA.
Submissions
Girl Scouts of Manitou Council welcomes children to learn more about
our organization and, where appropriate, participate in polls and
surveys, as well as submit comments, artwork, writings, and other
submissions for posting on our Web site. For this reason, Girl Scouts
of Manitou Council makes every effort to voluntarily follow the
guidelines for interactive electronic media published by the
Children's Advertising Review Unit (CARU) of the Better Business
Bureau for pages targeted to children under 13. We also encourage
children to use an alias (e.g., "Bookworm",
"Skater", etc.), first name, nickname, initials, or other
alternative to full names or screen names which correspond with an
email address for any activities which will involve public posting.
In keeping with CARU's Principle regarding respecting and fostering
the parents' role in providing guidance for their children, we
encourage parents to check and monitor their children's use of email
and other online activities regularly.
USE OF COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
Visitors should be aware that Personal Data and non-personal
information and data may be automatically collected by the Girl Scouts
of Manitou Council Web site through the use of "cookies" or
other similar technologies such as web beacons. "Cookies"
are small text files a Web site can use to recognize repeat visitors,
facilitate the visitor's ongoing access to and use of the site, and
allow a site to track usage behavior and compile aggregate data that
will allow content improvements. Cookies are not programs that come
onto a visitor's system and damage files. Generally, cookies work by
assigning a unique number to the visitor that has no meaning outside
the assigning site. If a visitor does not want information collected
through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most
browsers that allows the visitor to deny or accept the cookie feature.
"Web beacons" are a small snippet of code embedded in
webpages typically used to monitor activity on a webpage and transfer
or collect information, such as information about your Internet
Protocol address, the URL of the page on which the beacon is located,
the browser type that is accessing the site, and the ID number of
cookies placed on your computer.
Girl Scouts of Manitou Council uses "cookie" technology
only to obtain information including Personal Data from its online
visitors in order to improve visitors' online experience and
facilitate their visit within our site. Girl Scouts of Manitou Council
may use web beacons to improve website services, conduct website
analytics, first party advertising relating to us and our sponsors,
and to optimize the browsing experience.
Cookies expire after they have fulfilled their purpose. Our websites
use cookies that expire when you close your browser (i.e., session
cookies) or that expire after a set period of time (i.e., persistent
cookies). Cookies that are stored by third parties will have their
expiration period determined by the third party, not us.
LINKS TO OTHER WEB SITES AND SERVICES
This site may be linked to other sites and services that are not
maintained by Girl Scouts of Manitou Council. These Web sites have
their own privacy policies, which you should review prior to visiting
them. We have no responsibility for linked Web sites and provide these
links solely for the convenience and information of our visitors.
OUR SECURITY SAFEGUARD
The safety and security of your online experience is of the utmost
concern to us. We take measures to implement reasonable physical,
electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent
unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the
information we collect online.
Credit Card Safety
Protecting the safety of your credit card information is also
important to us. For electronic financial transactions we use
third-party vendors who use Transport Layer Security (TLS) technology
to protect the security of your credit card information as it is
transmitted. Girl Scouts of Manitou Council cannot be held liable for
inadvertent loss or disability of TLS technology from our vendors to
which we have not been made aware. We will disable that service when
we are made aware. Therefore, to make sure you are accessing a secure
server before you submit sensitive information, check the document for
your browser for indication of a TLS connection (most browsers utilize
an unbroken or closed padlock). Verify that TLS is active before
submitting sensitive information to a server. To double-check, verify
that the TLS or Address line of your browser for our site begins with "https."
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to
your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished
using a shared computer.
Children
If you are under 18, you need parent/guardian permission to use a
credit card to make purchases online.
Your Right to Opt Out from Receiving Marketing Communications
You may opt out from our using your Personal Data to send marketing
communication to you. When you register for a contest or promotion, we
provide you with the option to receive or not to receive additional
marketing communications from us. If you choose to receive these
additional communications and later change your mind, you may
unsubscribe from those additional communications at any time. For
example, e-mail messages will contain instructions on how to
“unsubscribe” from receiving the e-mail in question.
Your Right to Access, Correct, and Delete Your Personal Data
You have the right to ask us which Personal Data we hold about you.
In addition, you have the right to correct or delete Personal Data we
hold about you. If you want to request a correction or deletion of the
Personal Data we hold about you, you must contact us by mail at: Girl
Scouts of Manitou Council, 5212 Windward Ct, Sheboygan, WI 53083.
HOW TO CONTACT US
Please see contact information in the relevant sections above
regarding reporting copyright infringement or other unlawful content.
If you have any comments or questions regarding our Terms and
Conditions generally, you can contact us at:
Girl Scouts of Manitou Council 5212 Windward Ct
Sheboygan, WI 53083
Phone: (877) 738-7014 or (920) 565-4575
Monday-Friday, 8:30 a.m. – 4:30 p.m. Central Time.
If needed, the Information and Referral Center representative can
guide you through the Language Line Service, which provides telephone
interpretation in 140 languages.
E-mail
You can e-mail us your question and
we will get back to you as soon as possible.
Thank you for visiting our site.
Hours
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions