http://www.rottentomatoes.com/help_desk/
Contact Us
Contact Us
Press
Advertise
Jobs
Critics Submission
Licensing and Data Feeds
Copyright
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Contact Us
Customer service
Visit About Rotten Tomatoes® to learn more about the Tomatometer® and team behind it.
For quick answers to common questions about our site, visit our Frequently Asked Questions.
Still have questions or want to submit a movie or TV data edit request? Contact us via our Email Form.
Edit requests
Tell us about missing or incorrect movie or TV information by submitting a request via our Email Form.
Are we missing a review? Review our Tomatometer Criteria to make sure that the publication and critic are approved before submitting a request to add a review.
Licensing
Interested in displaying a Rotten Tomatoes trademarked logo on marketing material or your site/app? Review our Trademark Use Guidelines and then please submit a request with details on how the logos will be used via our Business Proposal Form.
For information about integrating Rotten Tomatoes data into your application (via APIs, data feeds), please submit a request with details about your application and your planned usage of our data via our Business Proposal Form.
Partnerships
If your company is interested in partnering with us, fill out our Business Proposal Form with more details.
Advertising
Want to advertise with Rotten Tomatoes, Flixster or Fandango? Get more information from the Fandango Advertising page. You can submit a request there for a Fandango sales person to contact you.
Critic or publication submission
Movie and TV reviews used to calculate the Tomatometer come from publications or individual critics that have been selected by the Rotten Tomatoes staff.
Interested in adding yourself as a critic or your publication as a source? Review our Tomatometer Criteria to determine if you are eligible. If you are eligible, instructions to apply are also listed on the page.
Press contacts
For press inquiries, please contact the Fandango PR team via pr@fandango.com.
Career opportunities
Interested in joining the Fandango family? Learn about an exciting career with us by visiting our Careers page.
Legal
For legal inquiries, please direct correspondence to:
Fandango, ATTN: Legal Department
407 North Maple Dr.
Suite 300
Beverly Hills, CA 90210
Please note that Rotten Tomatoes cannot grant permission for reuse of its photos, video covers, or reviews for school reports, news articles, or the like.
For trademark reuse via the Rotten Tomatoes Licensing program. Please review furtherdetails here.
Home
Movies
TV Shows
New
RT Podcast
MORE
News
My Account
sign up
log in
log out