http://www.vigay.com/privacy.html
Select topic of interest...
9/11 Conspiracies
Acorn computers
Acronyms
Anonyminity
Ant/Inet support
Apple support
Argonet
Bandit IP addresses
Bilderberg Group
Blog
Chip and Pin Cards
Cold Callers
Collective Nouns
Contact me
Crop Circles
Crypto stuff
CSA.* FAQ
Diana Murder
Digital Phenomena
Digital Photos
eBay auctions
ElectricType
Forum
General Tech. Support
Hampshire Wildlife
Higher Ground
ID Cards
ID Fraud
John Vigay's site
Linux stuff
Miscellaneous stuff
National ID Cards
Networking
Nokia E90
Orpheus Internet
Pauls Software
Pauls Web Log
PDA Support
Photo Album
Playstation 3 stuff
Poems
Princess Diana Murder
Privacy Policy
Privacy & Security
PS3 support
Psion support
RISCOS.org
RISC OS Academy
RISC OS software
RISC OS support
Sick jokes
Site map
Solaris stuff
Stuff for sale
Sun Help
Third Party stuff
Top 10 Downloads
Top 30 Articles
UFOs
WebRings
Voyager Support
WebCam
WebLog
WebMail
Wildlife & Conservation
Windows Support
Home
Blog
Computing
Security
Software
Misc
Wildlife
Links
Feedback
Section Index
Vigay.com Privacy Policy
Personal privacy and freedom is at the absolute top of my priorities. To this end, I've based my privacy policy around that which I found at Gibson Research Corporation, which I hope they won't mind. Like GRC, I've broken it down into specific sections.
I host my own server, and I work for the ISP that provides my internet service - so security and privacy are paramount at every step of the way. I'm the only person who has root access to my server, which has comprehensive firewall and rootkit monitoring mechanisms in place.
Terms and Conditions
This server is under my personal control and as such I'm at liberty to impose 'house rules' as to who can access it or gain information from hosted domains. I reserve the right to block, filter or otherwise restrict access from any IP addresses or net-blocks that I choose to. I may do this in order to improve security or to eliminate third-party filtering, anonymous access or anything I regard as misuse of my server.
Misuse of this server is deemed to include using any browser or software other than for the purposes of online viewing of web pages or content stored therein. Automated bots, spiders, web page or site grabbing tools and archiving/caching utilities are specifically forbidden from downloading data from this server.
Interception or modification of any pages or traffic data between this server and the final recipient is also forbidden. I want people to be able to see pages as originally intended and not subject to any third-party filtering, censoring, targeted advertising or otherwise tampering.
Disclaimer
The views and opinions expressed on this website are mine and mine alone*. Any agreement, disagreement, contradiction or misinterpretation in regards to anything else, either in a personal, official or business capacity is entirely irrelevant and should not be interpreted as any endorsement or allegiance to any product, company, item or person.
* with the exception of those views or opinions which are not mine - either through the re-publishing of third-party articles or by allowing third-party interaction via guestbooks, forums or any other 'un-moderated' interactive areas.
Personal Information and Emails
• Emails - I wrote and designed the email system on my server so there are no hidden third-party backdoors or weaknesses. My email client is RISC OS based which means that it is 100% impervious to all known email viruses, trojans or worms. Put simply, you cannot receive a virus or unauthorised email attachment from me. If you're uncertain whether an email originating from me has been faked, then ask me to send you a PGP signed email.
My GnuPG public key is available here.
All my recipients email addresses are kept totally confidential and there is NO CHANCE I will ever divulge them to any third party whatsoever for any reason whatsoever. I feel very strongly about the privacy of email addresses and nothing could or would induce me to divulge any email addresses to any third party.
All server email logs are regularly wiped every night.
Cookies
• Vigay.com is 99.9% cookie free. The only cookie on the entire site is on the very first 'homepage' at www.vigay.com and this is only used to store which subject panels are enabled for you.Absolutely no personal or private information is stored. The cookie merely consists of a string of alphabetic characters indicating which subject panels are on or off. If you wipe the cookies or disable them altogether, your browser will just display all the panels. With cookies enabled, you can selectively disable the panels you're not interested in.
No other cookies are used on the entire site and there is absolutely no tracking of any kind ever happening on this site. Period.
I support the Anti Phorm League and BadPhorm campaign, and expressly forbid any third party to intercept, attempt to set cookies or otherwise interfere with my visitors web browsing. Intercepting pages from my server, collecting any browsing habits of users, or unauthorised modification of data sent from my server is regarded as a breach of my terms and conditions (see above) and deemed a misuse of my server under the terms of the 1990 Computer Misuse Act.
Advertisements
• Vigay.com is virtually Ad Free - This web site is about content and information. I don't like viewing adverts and garish clutter, so I don't see why you should either. It's a distraction and waste of space.
Server Logs
• Nope. We Zap 'em - As stated above, all email logs are regularly wiped every night. Web access logs are stored for one month for the purposes of generating statistics and then also wiped. This occurs automatically and without intervention.The only exception to this policy is the monitoring of government and military accesses via my spook watch - and they're fair game because of the Orwellian methods of surveillance that they use on everyone else!
Your IP Address
• Never Recorded - With the exception of generating statistics (which are only for my benefit to enable me to see generic data about geographic spread or browser use of my visitors) or government/military/spooks mentioned above, no IP addresses are ever stored or recorded in any fashion.
Freedom
There is no record that anyone who visits Vigay.com has done so, nor what they did or where they went while they were here.I don't care if you're a freedom fighter protecting your privacy by reading my PGP installation instructions or a granny looking up the collective noun for rabbits. Your browsing habits are yours and yours alone as far as I'm concerned.
Having said that, there is nothing illegal or immoral on this website, so if you are of dubious ethical standing then you won't find anything of interest here anyway.
If you have any questions or concerns about anything you have seen here, or about anything relating to internet privacy, PLEASE DON'T HESITATE to contact me.
Thank you for your interest in these tricky but important issues. Perhaps we can work together to raise the standard of privacy on the Internet. It's certainly worth a try!
Email this page to a friend
Last edit: 10th Apr 2016 at 1:45pm(1706 days ago)
Bookmark with:What are these?
Delicious Digg reddit Facebook StumbleUpon
Viewed 12322 times since 20th May 2006,~ 2 views per day
Home
Blog
Computing
Security
Software
Misc
Wildlife
Links
Feedback
Section Index
Vigay.com is owned and operated by Paul Vigay.Site map | Copyright | Disclaimer | Privacy policy.
PHORM PROHIBITEDThe contents of this site, and communications between this site and its users, are protected by database right, copyright, confidentiality and the right not to be intercepted conferred by section 1(3) of the Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act 2000. The use of those contents and communications by Internet Service Providers or others to profile or classify users of this site for advertising or other purposes is strictly forbidden.