https://www.belize.com/privacy.html
Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebar Skip to footerHome
About Belize
Where Is Belize?
Retirement Options
Fact Sheet
Top 10 Reasons To Live Here
Medical Care
Real Estate
Currency
Garifuna People
Cuisine
Education System
Destinations
Ambergris Caye
Placencia
Corozal
Orange Walk
Cayo
Belize City
Stann Creek
Caye Caulker
Toledo
Belmopan
Things To Do
Top 10 Things To Do
Top 10 Maya Sites
Top 10 Things To Taste
Honeymoons
Ambergris Caye Activities
Scuba Diving
Great Blue Hole
Activities For Cruisers
Birding
Dating in Belize
Hotels
Gold Standard Hotels
Tips & Articles
Best Time To Visit
Banking
Travel Maps
Bus & Transport
Driving In Belize
Public & Bank Holidays
Border With Guatemala
Border With Mexico
Living In Belize eBook
How To Get Belize Passport
Privacy Policy for this website.
Privacy Policy for Belize.com
The privacy of our visitors to Belize.com is important to us.
We recognize that privacy of your personal information is important. Here is information on what types of personal information we receiveand collect when you use and visit Belize.com, and how we safeguard your information. We never sell your personal information to third parties.
Log Files As with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files. The information in the log files include your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider), the browser you used to visit our site (such as Firefox or Internet Explorer), the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our website.
Cookies and Web Beacons. We use cookies to store information, such as your personal preferences when you visit our site. This could include only showingyou a popup once in your visit, or the ability to login to some of our features, such as forums.
We also use third party advertisements to support our site. Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site, which will also send these advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program) information including your IPaddress, your ISP , the browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash or other video display software installed. This is generally used for geotargeting purposes or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited (such as showing cooking ads to someone who frequents cooking sites).
You can chose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security. However, this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites. This could include the inability to login to services or programs, such as logging into forums or accounts.
Google makes use of the DART cookie to serve ads to visitors based on their visit to Belize.com and other sites on the internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
REFUND POLICY
If you are not 100% satisfied with your purchase, within 30 days from the purchase date, we will fully refund the cost of your order.
Advertising Inquiries: Use Contact Form Below
944 Orchid GardenBelmopanBELIZE
Primary SidebarFacebookInstagramPinterestTwitterYouTube
Travel to Belize for the 15 August 2020 airport reopening involves new protocols to ensure the health of travelers and residents. Travelers heading to Belize are required to take a polymerase chain reaction test (COVID-19 PCR Test) and tested negative 72 hours prior to arriving in Belize. Travelers will be required to download and run […]
Mother Nature Network has listed Barton Creek Cave in the western Cayo District as one of Nine Most beautiful and unusual cave destinations in the world. The article describes the cave in the Mountain Pine Ridge thus: Another underground waterway that makes it on to many tourists’ itineraries is the Barton Creek Cave in the […]
It may be not be known to many, but a Maya Indian from the tiny village of Sarteneja, northern Belize, Evan Pérez (accent on the first syllable please), has worked himself up the CNN ladder to become a thorn on U.S. President Donald Trump’s side. While as yet not well known as CNN’s Jim Acosta, […]
Cacao is native to the Americas and the seeds, or “beans”, are used to make cocoa products and, of course, chocolate. Cacao is a major export crop in Toledo. Richly prized for its quality and distinctive flavour – and Belize produces some notable chocolate products of its own. Every Commonwealth Day holiday weekend the Toledo […]
PUBLIC AND BANK HOLIDAYS, 2020 IT IS NOTIFIED for general information that public and bank holidays specified in the First and Second Schedules to Holidays Act, Chapter 289 of the Laws of Belize, Revised Edition 2000 – 2003, will be observed on the following days during the year 2020 in accordance with section 3 of […]
FooterOur Partners
Belize.com is the first website established in Belize, 1995. As a pioneer Digital Media Company, we provide expert content and advice for locals, expats and tourists.
Recommended Resources:  Belize Ministry of National Security – Ghan Eden Belize – Belize Newsletter
Recent
Ashcroft Related Plan For Belize City Cruise Ship Terminal In Doubt?
Belize Introduces Measures To Combat COVID-19 Surge
Peoples United Party Wins Belize General Elections 2020
British Army Helps Panthera Belize
Belize Reopens For Tourism
Search the site ...