http://www.winaukee.com/privacy
Winaukee
(800) 487-9157
Request Info
Dates & RatesWinaukee VideoAbout UsFirst Time CampersBoys 7-12Boys 13-15A Culture of SafetyWhat Our Families SayFAQsMeet the DirectorsSports & ActivitiesTourRequest InformationEnroll OnlineMy WinaukeeWork at Winaukee
Talk to a Director
Dan & Brooke
Deciding to send your child to camp is a big decision. We’d love to talk with you if you have any questions.
dan@winaukee.com
brooke@winaukee.com
(800) 487-9157
Privacy Policy
Protecting personal information and using it in a manner consistent with your expectations is a high priority for everyone associated with our camp. As a user of our web site, you also have a responsibility to safeguard your information and how it is used on the Internet. To ensure that you can rely upon the quality, consistency, and confidentiality of this site, we stand behind the following privacy policy:
Security
We use industry-standard efforts to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal information. Your account is password protected to ensure that only you (and your parent if you are under 13) have access to your personal information. Camp Winaukee will collect only the personal information that is necessary to conduct our business. The camp will protect your personal information. Camp Winaukee will maintain strong security controls to ensure that member information in our files and computers is protected. Where appropriate, we will use security-coding techniques to protect against unauthorized access to personal records, ensure accuracy and integrity of communications and transactions and protect user confidentiality.
You will always have access to your information. As a user of our web site, you will always have the opportunity to review your information and make necessary changes to ensure that our sources are complete and accurate.
We will never sell or divulge in any way any personally identifiable information to a third party without your prior consent, unless we are lawfully required to do so.
General Disclaimer
Camp Winaukee makes every effort to provide links from our Web Site to other sites that members will find reliable and non-offensive. However, we do not represent or endorse the accuracy or reliability of any information or content contained on or distributed through web sites linked to or from this web site. Reliance upon any such materials shall be at your sole risk. Additionally, Camp Winaukee is not responsible for the copyright compliance, legality or decency of material contained in sites linked to or from this web site or subsequent links from other sites.
Correct/Update
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided.
Phone
800-487-9157
E-mail
info@winaukee.com
Mail
Winter
Camp Winaukee, 4 New King Street, White Plains, NY 10604
Summer
Camp Winaukee, 432 Winaukee Road, Moultonboro NH 03254