https://www.usatf.org/governance/policies/usatf-privacy-policy
Close
Back to Policies
USATF Privacy Policy
Revised February 10, 2020
Please take a few minutes to review this privacy policy (the “Policy”). It governs your use of any USATF website or mobile or tablet application on which it is posted (referred to collectively herein as our “Sites”).
Sections
The organization collecting the information.
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through our website and how it's used.
With whom the information may be shared and other kinds of disclosures.
What choices are available to you regarding collection, use, and distribution of the information and how you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
1. The Organization Collecting the Information
USA Track & Field (USATF) is the sole owner of the information collected on its Sites and through other means. We will not sell, share, rent, or otherwise disclose this information to other parties other than as disclosed in this Policy.
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that USATF is not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites. We encourage our users to take appropriate precautions when leaving our Sites and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This Policy applies solely to information collected by USATF Sites.
This Policy is part of the Terms of Use that govern your use of USATF Sites. A link to our Terms of Use is provided at the bottom of each page of USATF Sites.
2. What personally identifiable information is collected from you through our Sites and how it's used.
USATF collects information from our users at several different points throughout our Sites and from other sources. This section describes these points of collection.
Membership Registration
To become a member of USATF, an applicant must first complete a membership registration form. During registration, an applicant is required to give contact information such as name, address, phone number, and e-mail address. This information is used to create a membership card and to contact the member about topics in which he/she has expressed an interest. All information is required unless otherwise stated on the membership form. This Policy governs both members who apply online or otherwise.
Event/Meet Registration
To register for an event through a USATF website, an entrant is required to give contact information, such as name, address, phone number, and e-mail address, as well as information about his/her event(s)--which may include age, sex, qualifying mark(s), and similar information. USATF sends such information about entrants to meet management personnel so they can properly and accurately prepare entry lists and conduct the event.
National Championships Registration
To register for the USA National Championships through the USATF Sites, an entrant must first be a member of USATF (see membership registration above). On the entry form, an entrant is required to provide his/her membership number and information about his/her qualifying mark(s). USATF sends information about entrants (such as name, age, sex, address, event entered, qualifying mark, and similar information) to meet management personnel so they can properly and accurately prepare entry lists and conduct the event.
Newsletters
If a user subscribes to our newsletter(s), we ask for contact information such as name and e-mail address. These e-mail addresses and names are never shared outside our organization, except as described in this Policy.
Merchandise Order
We request information from customers on our merchandise order forms. A customer must provide contact information (such as name and shipping address) so that we can fill customers' orders and direct the customer to our payment processor. If we have trouble processing an order, this contact information is used to get in touch with the customer. Customers' names and addresses may be shared with third parties as necessary to process, fulfill, or ship orders.
Contests, Sweepstakes, and Surveys
From time to time, we may conduct contests and sweepstakes, and in such cases, we post official rules related to such contests and sweepstakes separate from this Policy. We also conduct surveys from time to time. Participation in these activities is completely voluntary, and thus the user has a choice about whether to participate and to disclose the information requested.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user. When someone logs into the members-only area, for example, we set a per-session cookie that identifies this person as a legitimate member. This cookie allows us to keep track of who the user is while he/she is browsing the members-only pages so he/she won't have to log back in each time he/she visits a new page. Per-session cookies expire after the user leaves our website (i.e. once the users closes his/her web browser, the cookie is deleted from his/her system).
If a user rejects the cookie, he/she may still use most parts of our site. The only drawback is that the user will have limited access in some areas of our site.
Information from your mobile or tablet device
If you download one of our mobile or tablet applications or access one of our Sites through your mobile or tablet device, we may automatically collect certain information from or about your mobile or tablet device. The types of information we may collect include the type of device you use, your device’s unique ID, the IP address of your device, your device’s operating system, the type of mobile or tablet Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use our mobile or tablet application.
Information About Third-Party Cookies and Interest-Based Advertising
In addition to the cookies USATF delivers to your computer or mobile or tablet device through our Site, certain third parties may deliver cookies to you for a variety of reasons. For example, we use Google Analytics, a web analytics tool that helps us understand how visitors engage with our Site. To learn more about Google Analytics, click here.
Other third parties may deliver cookies to your computer or mobile or tablet device for the purpose of tracking your online behaviors across nonaffiliated websites and delivering targeted advertisements either on our Site or on other websites.
You have choices about the collection of information by third parties on our Site. For example, if you don’t want information about your visit to our Site sent to Google Analytics, you may download an Opt-out Browser Add-on by clicking here. Please note that the Add-on does not prevent information from being sent to USATF.
In addition, if you would like to opt-out of having interest-based information collected by certain entities during your visits to our Site or other websites, please click here. You will be directed to an industry-developed website that contains mechanisms for choosing whether each listed entity may collect and use data for online behavioral advertising purposes. It may be that some of the third parties that collect interest-based information on our Site do not participate in the industry-developed opt-out website, in which case the best way to avoid third-party tracking of your online behaviors may be through your browser settings and deletion of cookies.
Other Collection Points
We may also collect information from people through other means such as on the telephone, by e-mail, by fax, on paper, and in person. This Policy governs the use and disclosure of that information as well.
How We Use Personal Information Collected Through This Site
Generally, we use the Personal Information we collect through this Site:
to provide the information, products and services you request;
for security, credit or fraud prevention purposes;
to provide you with effective customer service;
to provide you with a personalized experience when you use our Site;
to contact you with special offers and other information we believe will be of interest to you (in accordance with any privacy preferences you have expressed to us);
to contact you with information and notices related to your use of our Site;
to invite you to participate in surveys and provide feedback to us (in accordance with any privacy preferences you have expressed to us);
to better understand your needs and interests;
to improve the content, functionality and usability of this Site;
to improve our products and services;
to improve our marketing and promotional efforts; and
for any other purpose identified in an applicable privacy notice, click-through agreement or other agreement between you and us.
3. With whom the information may be shared and other kinds of disclosures.
We occasionally share information with other USATF entities and third parties. This section describes what information we share and with whom.
Sharing with USATF entities
USATF Associations receive reports about members in their Association, including name, address, phone, e-mail address, etc. This information is used to contact members about general-interest matters and specialized topics in the same manner as described in Section 2 above. Associations may occasionally share aggregated demographic information with their partners and advertisers. Again, this is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.
USATF Associations are required to abide by the National USATF privacy policy. Certain Associations may have their own privacy policies, but these will always be more restrictive, never less, than the national policy. The national policy always supersedes any Association's policies. Please direct any questions first to the Association and then to the National Office.
Sharing with non-USATF third parties
For elite athletes, we also share information from your profile and other sources with the United States Olympic & Paralympic Committee (USOPC), the United States Anti-Doping Agency (USADA), the International Olympic Committee (IOC), and the World Athletics (WA) for administrative purposes. This helps athletes avoid re-entering their information for each organization. These organizations' respective privacy policies govern the use of your information for their purposes.
USATF occasionally enters into partnerships with other organizations to provide valuable services to the running/track & field community. When USATF provides the services or collects information from such services, this Policy will govern the use of such information for the partnership.
When someone signs up for an event, we pass on the necessary information (name, address, age) to the race or meet management personnel. These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of entering the person in the event. However, this information may be used to create programs, heat sheets, and results for the meet which may include the entrants' name, home city and state, age, etc. USATF has advised meet management personnel that if they plan to use this information for purposes other than entering a person in the event, they must notify USATF. USATF will in turn notify entrants, and entrants will have the option of being excluded from such other purposes at the time of registration.
We use an outside shipping company to ship orders, an outside printing company to print certain publications, and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies are directed not to retain, share, store, or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purpose.
We occasionally share aggregated demographic information with our corporate sponsors, suppliers, partners, and advertisers. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.
We occasionally provide postal mailing lists to magazines which we think might be of interest to our members. From time to time, we also provide postal or e-mail lists to USATF corporate sponsors, suppliers, or other partners for the specific purpose of offering discounts or perquisites which we think might be of interest to our members. These companies or organizations are directed not to use these mailing lists for any other purposes or to disclose them to any third party. Members may opt out of inclusion in such lists on our website or by writing to the USATF National Office.
We may contemplate, for strategic or other reasons, selling, buying, merging, or otherwise reorganizing one or more of our businesses. In negotiating with a third party about entering into such an arrangement, we may need to disclose your Personal Information. In such cases, we will take reasonable measures to protect the Personal Information we disclose, for example, by requiring a prospective purchaser to sign a non-disclosure agreement limiting the use and protecting the confidentiality of the Personal Information. We may transfer the Personal Information you submit on or through our Site to any organization that acquires or merges with us.
We may provide functionality on our Site that allows you to automatically post information to a third-party social media platform (such as Facebook, Twitter, or Pinterest). If you choose to take advantage of this functionality, people with access to your profile on the third-party platform will be able to see your post. Thus, you should have no expectation of privacy in those actions. Further, if you choose to link your profile on our Site with an account on a third-party social media platform, we may share the information in your profile with that third-party platform. We may also use third-party social media platforms to offer you interest-based ads. To offer such ads, we may convert your email address into a unique value which can be matched by our partner company with a user on their platform. Although we do not provide any personal information to these platform vendors, they may gain insights about individuals who respond to the ads we serve.
We will also share information to prevent fraud, to respond to a legal process, or as otherwise required by law.
Other kinds of disclosures of personal information
USATF Officers, employees, Association Officers, as well as USATF Committee members, Sub-Committee members, USOPC and WA Representatives, and USATF Board members, may have their name, address, fax number, phone number, and e-mail (work and/or home for each) listed both on the website and in print for contact purposes. Any person who accepts an official position with USATF agrees to have his/her contact information made available to USATF's members and the public, unless requested otherwise.
Elite athletes and Hall of Famers may have their biographies posted on the USATF website or otherwise published by USATF. These people agree to have certain information about themselves communicated to the public, including, but not limited to, name, home city and state, age, educational background, and similar information. The names of elite athletes who are subject to drug testing may also be posted on our website and reported to the media.
Children
Our Sites are not directed to children under the age of 13.
4. What choices are available to you regarding collection, use, and distribution of the information and how you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Choice and opting in/out
We send all new members a welcoming e-mail to confirm their membership status. Once the registration is complete, members may update their membership profile to indicate what types of mailing they wish to receive (several mailing categories are set by default). Established members will receive only communications that fall into the categories in which they have expressed interest. However, members will occasionally receive important communications from us regardless of their mailing preferences (for example to confirm a membership renewal, to confirm an event entry, or to request required membership information that is missing).
Non-members may opt in or out of various mailings by following the instructions provided at the bottom of e-mail messages or as described on our Sites.
Because of the changing state of technology and indecision within the industry regarding the meaning of Do Not Track (DNT) signals, we currently do not make any guarantee that we will honor DNT signals.
Correction/Updating Personal Information
If a user's personally identifiable information changes (such as address, phone, e-mail address, etc.), we will endeavor to provide a way to correct or update that personal data provided to us. This can usually be done at the member profile page (accessed through the members-only area) or by contacting your local Association or the National Office.
For elite athletes, biographies are updated throughout the year, and any inaccuracies may be corrected by notifying Communications@usatf.org. Such changes will be reflected in the next release of the athlete biographies.
For the website and printed directories, contact information may be corrected/added/removed by contacting Membership@usatf.org.
Notification of Changes
If USATF changes its Policy, we will post a notice of the change on our homepage for at least seven days so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point USATF decides to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, users will have a choice whether to consent to such use.
Contact Us
If you have questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact:
USA Track & Field
130 E. Washington St., Suite 800
Indianapolis, IN 46204
317-261-0500
GeneralCounsel@usatf.org
California Privacy Rights
Pursuant to Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code, if you are a California resident and have an established business relationship with USATF, you can request a notice disclosing the categories of personal information that USATF has shared with third parties, for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes, during the preceding calendar year. To request a notice, please submit your request to us at the address listed above. View the full Privacy Policy.
Help Develop our Nation’s Best and Grow the Sport.Become a USATF Member today
Join Today