http://www.poetry4kids.com/privacy-policy
Home
Poems
Funny Poems
Poems by Subject
Funny Poems by Email
Classic Poems
Poems by Grade Level
Poetry Minute
Nursery Rhymes
Poems by Length
GiggleVerse
Surprise Me!
Poems by Poetic Technique
Other Poetry Websites and Resources
Lessons
Poetry Writing Lessons
Rhyming Dictionary
Lists of Rhyming Words
Poetry Activities
Poetic Terms Dictionary
Author
About Kenn Nesbitt
School Author Visits
Event Calendar
FAQ
Skype Author Visits
Contact Kenn
Blog
Books
Media
Games
Videos
Podcast
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
YouTube
Funny Poems by Email
Search
Our website address is www.poetry4kids.com. Our aim is to provide children’s poetry and related resources to teachers, parents, and readers of all ages in a fun and enjoyable way. We’ve tried to make getting around the site as easy as possible. Parents of younger children may want to first explore the site with their children to help orient them.
Poetry4Kids respects the privacy of its visitors. There is no registration required to use our site. We adhere to the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act.
Information We Collect
Children will not be required to submit any other personal information when they are in the Poetry4Kids website, although they may, from time to time, submit information voluntarily including their ratings and comments on the poems provided here. Children may also voluntarily send comments via email using the feedback form provided on the website. All information submitted by children will be used by Poetry4Kids only for the development and improvement of the site and will never be sold or shared with other companies, websites, or individuals.
Contact Forms
If you fill out one of our contact forms, the information you provide will be stored in our customer management software and/or email. If you request to receive emails from us, your email address will be stored in our email management system.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
We use Google Analytics to help us monitor traffic to our website. These tools do not provide us with any user-specific data.
In addition:
We automatically collect and store: the name of the domain and host from which you access the Internet; the Internet protocol (IP) address of the computer you are using; the browser software you use and your operating system; the date and time you access our sites; and the Internet address of the site from which you linked directly to our sites. We use this information only as anonymous aggregate data to determine the number of visitors to different sections of our sites and to help us make our sites more useful. We do not use it to track or record information about individuals. Generally, we delete this information after one year.
We do not use “cookies” or tracking mechanisms that collect personally identifying information on our sites.
How long we retain your data
If you submit any of the contact forms on this website or sign up to receive emails from us, we retain your data indefinitely unless you request otherwise.
What rights you have over your data
If you have submitted any of the contact forms on this website or signed up to receive emails from us, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Links to our website may be checked through an automated spam detection service. Contact form submissions may be stored in a customer management system and/or email server.
Links to other sites
We do link to other sites on the Internet, which may or may not require registration. Parents should advise children to get their parents’ permission before submitting any information over the Web. See the Federal Trade Commission’s Consumer Information site for more information on how to protect your children online.
We have done our best to ensure that all the sites linked to from our website are family-friendly, but content on the Internet changes minute by minute, so we can’t guarantee the content of every site.
Advertising
Currently the Poetry4Kids website advertises for sale books of poetry by author Kenn Nesbitt, and anthologies containing Kenn Nesbitt’s poems, as well as other collections of children’s poetry. All books listed on Poetry4Kids website are for information purposes only and are not paid advertisements.
As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases.
In addition, we use third-party advertising companies such as Google AdSense to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on poetry4kids.com.
It is our intention to adhere to the Self-Regulatory Guidelines for Advertising of the Children’s Advertising Review Unit of the Better Business Bureau.
As mentioned above, we have done our best to ensure that all the sites linked to from our website are family-friendly, but content on the Internet changes minute by minute, so we can’t guarantee the content of every site. If you feel that any ad links to an inappropriate website, please contact us with the name of the site so we may filter it to prevent it from appearing on poetry4kids.com.
If you have any questions about this website, you may contact us at:
Purple Room Publishing
1037 NE 65th St #81845
Seattle, WA 98115
509-987-5366
kenn@poetry4kids.com
Get Poems by Email
Enter your email address to receive funny poems in your inbox each week. Totally free. Cancel any time.
Follow Me
Buy Me a CoffeeVisit My Other Websites
Find the Best Kids BooksSponsor
To give you the best possible experience, this website uses cookies. Using poetry4kids.com means that you agree to our use of cookies. To find out more about our use of cookies, please read our Privacy Policy.OKPrivacy Policy
What are you looking for?