http://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au/conditionsandtreatments/arthritis
Site Navigation
Page Content
Menu
Caret
Health.vic
Victoria's hub for health services and business
DHHS
A gateway to the strategies, policies, programs and services delivered by the Department of Health & Human Services.
Seniors Online
Victorian government portal for older people, with information about government and community services and programs.
Show search toolbar
Contrast
Sign Up
Login
Search
Type a minimum of three characters then press UP or DOWN on the keyboard to navigate the autocompleted search results
Navigation
Home
Close Menu
Conditions and treatments
Conditions and treatments
Allergies
Allergies
Allergic reaction to packaged food
Anxiety
Arthritis
Asthma
Behavioural conditions
Birth defects
Blood and blood vessels
Bones muscles and joints
Bones muscles and joints
Foot care - podiatrists
Brain and nerves
Cancer
Complementary and alternative care
Dementia
Healthy living
Healthy living
Alcohol
Babies and toddlers (0-3)
Child health (0-6)
Children (4-12)
Drugs and addictive behaviours
Environmental health
Family Violence
Older people in hospital – Get well soon
Health checks
Healthy Eating
Healthy Eating
Nutrition for life
Mens nutrition for life
Healthy mind
Healthy pregnancy
Services and support
Services and support
Aged care services
Alcohol and drug services
LGBTI support
Carers, caring and respite care services
Child, family and relationship services
Disability services
Emergency, crisis and support services
End of life and palliative care services
genetic services and support
Hospitals, surgery and procedures
Mental health services
Planning and coordinating healthcare
A-Z
A-Z
Conditions and treatments
Healthy living
Services and support
Videos
Service profiles
Blog
Blog
Blog authors
Topics
Podcast
Podcast
Influenza - Dr Brett Sutton & Prof Kanta Subbarao
Trauma - Anne Leadbeater OAM & Dr Rob Gordon
template
Other sites
Health.vic
DHHS
Seniors Online
Sitemap
My Health Life
Facebook
Googleplus
Twitter
Youtube
Rss
Conditions and treatments
Healthy living
Services and support
A-Z
Blog
Podcast
Back to
Conditions and treatments
Home
Conditions and treatments
Arthritis
Arthritis
Share (show more)
Listen (show more)
Listen
More (show more)
Email
Print
Arthritis occurs when joints or muscles become painful, stiff and swollen. Common types include osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, juvenile idiopathic arthritis, psoriatic arthritis, gout, ankylosing spondylitis and fibromyalgia. Exercise, medication and supportive therapies can help manage symptoms.
Arthritis
The following content is displayed as Tabs. Once you have activated a link navigate to the end of the list to view its associated content. The activated link is defined as Active Tab
Arthritis-basics
Understanding arthritis
Types of arthritis
Treatment for arthritis
Living with arthritis
Arthritis-basics
Arthritis explained
People can manage their arthritis using medication, physiotherapy, exercise and self management techniques...
Treating persistent pain
Pain is our built-in alarm system. It makes us aware that something might be going wrong in our body. However, there are many things you can do to deal effectively with persistent pain...
Living with persistent pain
Pain is our built-in alarm system. It makes us aware that something might be going wrong in our body. However, there are many things you can do to deal effectively with persistent pain...
When do I need to see my doctor about persistent pain?
Living with persistent pain isn’t easy. Your doctor can help you balance your pain, your treatment and hurdles you encounter in life...
Rheumatologist
A rheumatologist is a medical professional who specialises in diagnosing, treating and managing diseases of the joints, muscles and bones...
Orthopaedic surgeon
An orthopaedic surgeon specialises in diagnosing, treating, preventing and rehabilitating musculoskeletal injuries and diseases, both surgically and non-surgically...
Understanding arthritis
Arthritis explained
People can manage their arthritis using medication, physiotherapy, exercise and self management techniques...
Arthroscopy
Most people can resume normal activities around three weeks after an arthroscopy...
Back pain
Back pain is common. Some people will develop back pain that is persistent (lasts more than three months). There are many things that you can do to live well with back pain...
Chronic illness
A chronic or long term illness means the person has to adjust to the demands of the illness and the therapy used to treat the condition...
Elbow pain
Elbow pain and can result from overuse in a range of sports or occupations...
Hip disorders
The hip joint is complicated to allow a wide range of motion while still supporting the weight of the body...
Joints
A joint is the part of the body where two or more bones meet to allow movement...
Neck pain
Treatments like physiotherapy, osteopathy or remedial massage can generally help neck and shoulder pain...
Shoulder pain
Shoulder pain is common in our community. The good news is that with appropriate treatment pain will improve so you can get back to doing the things you enjoy...
Types of arthritis
Ankylosing spondylitis
Ankylosing spondylitis (AS) is a type of inflammatory arthritis that targets the joints of the spine...
Arthritis explained
People can manage their arthritis using medication, physiotherapy, exercise and self management techniques...
Arthritis - juvenile
One child in every 1,000 in Australia is diagnosed with juvenile arthritis. It is one of the most common chronic conditions to affect children...
Fibromyalgia
Fibromyalgia is a condition associated with widespread pain and tenderness...
Gout
While most other types of arthritis develop slowly, an attack of gout happens suddenly, often overnight...
Osteoarthritis
Many people will experience symptoms of osteoarthritis as they age...
Polymyalgia rheumatica
Typical symptoms of polymyalgia rheumatica include severe muscle aches and stiffness, particularly in the neck, shoulders and thighs...
Reactive arthritis
Reactive arthritis is a form of arthritis that occurs as a result of some bacterial infections...
Rheumatoid arthritis
Early treatment of rheumatoid arthritis is important in
helping you manage the condition more effectively...
Treatment for arthritis
Knee replacement surgery
Knee replacement surgery removes a diseased knee joint and replaces it with an artificial joint...
Medications - non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs
Non-steroidal anti-inflammatory medicines should always be used cautiously and for the shortest time possible...
Pain and pain management – adults
Always see your doctor if you have ongoing pain to find the best pain-management option for you...
Treating persistent pain
Pain is our built-in alarm system. It makes us aware that something might be going wrong in our body. However, there are many things you can do to deal effectively with persistent pain...
Living with arthritis
10 tips to exercise safely
Exercising regularly has wide-ranging physical, emotional and social health benefits. You need to exercise safely to remain healthy and injury-free. If it’s safe and painless, you’re more...
Arthritis and diet
No special diet or 'miracle food' can cure arthritis, but some conditions may be helped by avoiding or including certain foods...
Arthritis and exercise
Exercise can reduce some of the symptoms of arthritis, and improve joint mobility and strength...
Living with persistent pain
Pain is our built-in alarm system. It makes us aware that something might be going wrong in our body. However, there are many things you can do to deal effectively with persistent pain...
Tai chi - health benefits
People of all ages and fitness levels can practice tai chi and may gain health benefits...
Multilingual resources on arthritis Health Translations
See more translations for Arthritis on Health Translations
Find a doctor
Need to find a doctor in your local area?
Take a look at the general practitioners entry in the health services directory.
Find a doctor
A-Z of conditions and treatments
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
0-9
Explore conditions and treatments
Consumer Medicine Information
Want to know more about the medications you are taking.
Search and find information sheets on over 4,000 prescription and over-the-counter medicines.
Find out more about over 170 common surgeries including risks, benefits and after care.
Recent Activity
7 people have watched a video today
Health topics
Conditions and treatments
Healthy living
Services and support
Explore
Recipes
Healthy pantry
Videos
Consumer medicine information
Multilingual health information - Health Translations Directory
About
About us
Accessibility
Content partners
Privacy
Terms of use
Contact us
Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Page last reviewed: 23 Sep 2015
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au:443/conditionsandtreatments/arthritis
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au:443/about/privacy
Privacy Statement
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au:443/about/terms-of-use
Copyright Notice
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au:443/about/terms-of-use
Disclaimer Notice
This web site is managed and authorised by the Department of Health & Human Services, State Government of Victoria, Australia
© Copyright State of Victoria 2020.
Back to Top