https://www.wabikon.com/privacy-policy/
info@wabikon.com(416) 483-3172
Privacy Policy
Camp Wabikon is committed to maintaining and protecting the privacy and personal information in its custody. We have created this Privacy Policy in order to fully explain how it is that we collect, use and disclose personal information.
Definitions
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:
“Personal Information” is personally identifiable information about a person, such as name, address, email address, birth date and gender, and includes Financial Information.
“Financial Information” denotes personally identifiable information pertaining to a person/family’s finances, including, but not limited to, credit card numbers, assets, financial history, and income.
Collection
Camp Wabikon collects Personal Information through a variety of means, including:
Camper applications and registration forms,
Staff applications and employment contracts,
Our website (currently www.wabikon.com)
Telephone and e-mail communications.
Other contact points with alumni, staff, campers and their parents.
When you voluntarily provide Camp Wabikon with Personal Information about yourself or a minor in your custody, either directly or through a third party source that has advised you of an intention to disclose that information to us (for example, a third party who you have authorized to communicate with us on your behalf) you thereby consent to the collection, use and disclosure thereof by Camp Wabikon in accordance with this Privacy Policy, subject to any uses and disclosures from which you have opted out in writing.
Uses
Camp Wabikon uses Personal Information (as applicable) for the following purposes:
To provide you (or a minor in your custody, in the case of parents/legal guardians of campers) with the goods, services and programs that you have requested from us (together, the “Requested Services”) and to communicate with you/the child in respect of the Requested Services (including, for example, invoicing or to provide information about departures);
Unless you request otherwise, to provide you with Camp-related information and marketing materials that may be of interest to you including, for example, notices of reunions, events and/or other camp-related initiatives;
To satisfy other reasonable, legitimate business interests (such as collecting outstanding debts).
Disclosures
Camp Wabikon will only disclose your Personal Information (or that of a minor in your custody) to third parties and/or affiliates:
Where you have specifically given us your consent to do so for one or more specified purposes;
Who are acting on our behalf as agents, suppliers or service providers and are required to maintain the confidentiality of the information disclosed. Notwithstanding the generality of the foregoing, Camp Wabikon will strictly limit any disclosure of Financial Information pursuant to this subsection (b) to those circumstances where it is necessary to process payment, or to permit the assessment of one of more camper or staff applications and/or applications for financial assistance;
As part of a corporate reorganization, merger, sale or amalgamation with another entity, or a sale of all or substantially all of Camp Wabikon’s assets. Personal Information will be among the business assets transferred in these circumstances; and
To investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of any Camp Wabikon policies, and/or as otherwise permitted or required by law.
Security
The security of your Personal Information and Financial Information is extremely important to Camp Wabikon. We instruct our employees with access to your Personal Information and Financial Information that it is to be used only in adherence with the principles set forth in this Privacy Policy and applicable laws. Camp Wabikon, its members, officers, directors, employees and/or contractors assume no liability for interception, alteration or misuse of information transmitted over the Internet.
Application of Privacy Policy to Minors
Camp Wabikon recognizes the importance of protecting minors. For this reason, if you provide Camp Wabikon with any Personal Information in respect of a minor (under the age of 18) over whom you have legal custody, Camp Wabikon will treat such information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. By providing Personal Information to Camp Wabikon in respect of a minor in your legal custody, you hereby expressly consent to its use and disclosure by us in accordance with this Privacy Policy, subject to any uses from which you have opted out.
Contact Us
If you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, or if you want to review your personal information, close your account with us and have us delete the personal information in it, or if you do not wish to receive communications from Camp Wabikon (on its own behalf or on behalf of third parties), please contact us at:
Camp Wabikon
Privacy Administrator
48 Delhi Ave. Toronto, ON
M5M3B7
Phone: 416-483-3172
Or contact us online here.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to make a material change to this Privacy Policy, we will either (i) post a notification and link on the homepage of the Camp Wabikon Website so that you can review the updated policy, (ii) send you the change by e-mail, or (iii) send you the change by post mail.
If at any point we wish to use your Personal Information (or that of your child) in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify you by one of the means listed above and give you the opportunity to indicate whether you consent to the proposed use.
Register Soon for Summer 2021!Dates & FeesRegister