http://www.astrazeneca.co.uk/legal-notice-and-terms-of-use.html
Skip to content
skip to navigation
Search
Menu
Search
Search
Search
Close
About us
About us
Working with patient groups
Working with UK HCPs
Working with the NHS
Working with government and policy makers
Medicines
Media
Careers
Find out more about working at AZ
AstraZeneca's Careers Website
Medical and Educational Goods and Services
AZ Medical and Educational Goods and Services in Diabetes
AZ Medical and Educational Goods and Services in Asthma
More
Hide
AstraZeneca Websites
Global site
Legal notice and terms of use
This page (together with the documents referred to on it) tells you the terms on which you may make use of our website, whether as a guest or a registered user (“Terms of Use”). Please read these Terms of Use carefully before you start to use the website. By using our website, you indicate that you accept these Terms of Use and that you agree to abide by them. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, please refrain from using our website.
Information About Us
This website is operated by AstraZeneca UK Limited ("we", “our” and “us”). We are a private limited company registered in England and Wales under company number 03674842 and have our registered office at 1 Francis Crick Avenue, Cambridge Biomedical Campus, Cambridge, CB2 0AA. Our main trading addresses are listed here. Our VAT number is GB582323642.
Accessing this Website
Access to our website is permitted on a temporary basis, and we reserve the right to withdraw or amend the service we provide on our website without notice (see below). We will not be liable if for any reason our website is unavailable at any time or for any period. From time to time, we may restrict access to some parts of our website, or our entire website, to users who have registered with us.
If you choose, or you are provided with, a user identification code, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential, and you must not share it with any other person. We have the right to disable any user identification code or password, whether chosen by you or allocated by us, at any time, if in our opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these Terms of Use. You agree to notify us immediately upon becoming aware of any unauthorised disclosure or use of your user identification code and/or password.
You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to our website. You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access our website through your internet connection are aware of these Terms of Use, and that they comply with them.
Prohibited Use
You may use our site only for lawful purposes. You may not use our site:
in any way that breaches any applicable local, national or international law or regulation;
in any way that is unlawful or fraudulent, or has any unlawful or fraudulent purpose or effect;
to transmit, or procure the sending of, any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising or promotional material or any other form of similar solicitation (spam);
to make unauthorised attempts to access any of our systems or third party networks;
Interactive Services
We may from time to time provide interactive services on our site, including, without limitation chat rooms or bulletin boards. Where we do provide any interactive service, we will provide clear information to you about the kind of service offered, if it is moderated and what form of moderation is used (including whether it is human or technical).
We will do our best to assess any possible risks for users (and in particular, for children) from third parties when they use any interactive service provided on our site, and we will decide in each case whether it is appropriate to use moderation of the relevant service (including what kind of moderation to use) in the light of those risks. However, we are under no obligation to oversee, monitor or moderate any interactive service we provide on our site, and we expressly exclude our liability for any loss or damage arising from the use of any interactive service by a user in contravention of our content standards, whether the service is moderated or not.
The use of any of our interactive services by a minor is subject to the consent of their parent or guardian. We advise parents who permit their children to use an interactive service that it is important that they communicate with their children about their safety online, as moderation is not foolproof. Minors who are using any interactive service should be made aware of the potential risks to them.
Where we do moderate an interactive service, we will normally provide you with a means of contacting the moderator, should a concern or difficulty arise.
Content Standards
These content standards apply to any and all material which you contribute to our site (contributions), and to any interactive services associated with it. You must comply with the spirit of the following standards as well as the letter. The standards apply to each part of any contribution as well as to its whole.
Contributions must be accurate (where they state facts) and be genuinely held (where they state opinions). Contributions must comply with applicable law in the UK and in any country from which they are posted.
Contributions must not:
contain any material which is defamatory of any person;
contain any material which is obscene, offensive, hateful or inflammatory;
promote sexually explicit material;
promote violence;
promote discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age;
infringe any copyright, database right or trade mark of any other person;
be likely to deceive any person;
be made in breach of any legal duty owed to a third party, such as a contractual duty or a duty of confidence;
promote any illegal activity;
be threatening, abuse or invade another’s privacy, or cause annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety;
be likely to harass, upset, embarrass, alarm or annoy any other person;
be used to impersonate any person, or to misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person;
give the impression that they emanate from us, if this is not the case; and
advocate, promote or assist any unlawful act such as (by way of example only) copyright infringement or computer misuse
Suspension and Termination
We will determine, in our discretion, whether there has been a breach of these Terms of Use through your use of our site. When a breach of these Terms of Use has occurred, we may take such action as we deem appropriate including but not limited to taking all or any of the following actions:
immediate, temporary or permanent withdrawal of your right to use our site;
immediate, temporary or permanent removal of any posting or material uploaded by you to our site;
issue of a warning to you;
legal proceedings against you for reimbursement of all costs on an indemnity basis (including, but not limited to, reasonable administrative and legal costs) resulting from the breach;
further legal action against you;
disclosure of such information to law enforcement authorities as we reasonably feel is necessary.
We exclude liability for actions taken in response to breaches of these Terms of Use.
Membership Obligations
Where you have joined this website as a member you undertake to inform us immediately of any claim or action against you for any use of this website and, on request from us, to immediately cease the act complained of. You agree to inform us immediately of any changes affecting your registration details. It is your obligation to ensure that your registration details are kept up to date.
You may terminate your membership of this website at any time by giving us reasonable notice by e-mail to infomaster@astrazeneca.com. You should clearly state your name, username (if any) and registration details (if any) and the name of this website on all communications.
RSS Feeds Licence
Provided you observe, at all times, these Terms of Use, we grant you a revocable (at any time), non-exclusive, personal, non-commercial, worldwide, non-transferable, royalty free licence to use and display on your website and/or otherwise incorporate into an RSS feed generated by you any content provided by us (including but not limited to headlines, active links, source identifiers, social bookmarking links and other information, content or materials that you select to receive from your use of the AstraZeneca RSS Feed) as a result of you subscribing to any AstraZeneca RSS Feed (the “AstraZeneca Content”).
This RSS Feeds Licence may not be transferred, novated, assigned and/or sub-licensed to any third party. All rights not expressly granted in this RSS Feeds Licence are fully reserved by us, our Affiliates (as defined in our Terms of Use) and our licensors (as the case may be).
Nothing in this RSS Feeds Licence grants you any right or licence to use any of our trade marks on your website or elsewhere.
Use of AstraZeneca RSS Feed
If you intend to use any AstraZeneca RSS Feed on your website and/or as part of another RSS feed you must ensure that a clear and functional link is provided to the webpage that contains the AstraZeneca RSS Feed and that visitors to your website or subscribers to any relevant RSS feed incorporating the AstraZeneca RSS Feed are made aware that the AstraZeneca RSS Feed is subject to this RSS Feeds Licence. You should in all cases ensure that the proper attribution is given to content contained in the AstraZeneca RSS Feed by clearly stating that ‘This content is from AstraZeneca UK Limited’s website at www.astrazeneca.com and ensuring that all copyright notices are retained in their original form.
By using the AstraZeneca RSS Feed(s) and/or AstraZeneca Content, you warrant, represent and undertake that any site upon which you display (or cause to be displayed) any AstraZeneca RSS Feed or any feed that you generate (or cause to be generated) that incorporates any AstraZeneca RSS Feed (or part thereof) does not bring our name, image and/or reputation into disrepute and, in particular, does not and shall not contain any material that infringes a third party’s intellectual property rights or that a reasonable person would consider as violating our Content Standards (see above)
You must not suggest, whether directly or indirectly, that we endorse or approve anything that appears on any website and/or forms part of any RSS feed incorporating an AstraZeneca RSS Feed, including (without limitation) any of your content, third party content, any product or any legal person/entity or individual. You may not charge (whether directly or indirectly) any user of your website or subscriber to any feed for which you are responsible for accessing all or any part of any AstraZeneca RSS Feed and/or any AstraZeneca Content. You are not permitted to re-sell and/or otherwise commercialise all or any part of any AstraZeneca RSS Feed and/or any AstraZeneca Content.
Podcast Licence
Provided you observe, at all times, these Terms of Use, we grant you a revocable (at any time), non-exclusive, personal, non-commercial, worldwide, non-transferable, royalty free licence to download from this website and use AstraZeneca Podcasts. This Podcast Licence may not be transferred, novated, assigned and/or sub-licensed to any third party. All rights not expressly granted in this Podcast Licence are fully reserved by us, our Affiliates (as defined in our Terms of Use and licensors (as the case may be). Nothing in this Podcast Licence grants you any right or licence to use any of our trade marks.
Use of AstraZeneca Podcast
The AstraZeneca Podcast is for your personal, non-commercial use only. You may not copy, reproduce, republish, post, broadcast, transmit, make available to the public, sell or otherwise reuse or commercialise the AstraZeneca Podcast in any way. You may not edit, alter, adapt or add to the AstraZeneca Podcast in any way, nor combine the AstraZeneca Podcast with any other material. You may not download or use this file for the purpose of promoting, advertising, endorsing or implying any connection between you (or any third party) and us, our agents or employees, or any contributors to the AstraZeneca Podcast. You may not use the AstraZeneca Podcast in any way that could bring our name or that of any Affiliate into disrepute or otherwise cause any loss or damage to us or any Affiliate.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify us and our Affiliates and keep us and our Affiliates fully and effectively indemnified in respect of all losses, costs (including legal and professional fees), damages, monies paid in settlement and other liabilities whatsoever, arising out of or in connection with a breach by you of the RSS Feeds Licence and/or the Podcast Licence.
Disclaimer
Whilst we have taken reasonable care in compiling this website, we are not responsible for any action taken by any person or organisation, wherever they are based, as a result, direct or otherwise, of information contained in or accessed through this website whether such information is provided by us or by a third party. Nothing on this website should be construed as the giving of advice or the making of any recommendation and this website should not be relied upon as the basis for any decision or action. As a result of ongoing medical advances and developments, the information on this website may not always be completely up to date and, for this reason, such information is provided on an "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" basis.
WE MAKE NO WARRANTIES, REPRESENTATIONS OR GIVE ANY UNDERTAKINGS EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED ABOUT ANY OF THE CONTENT OF THIS WEBSITE (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE TIMELINESS, CURRENCY, ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OF SUCH CONTENT OR THAT THE RESULTS WHICH MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE WEBSITE WILL BE ERROR FREE OR RELIABLE).
You agree that the use of information obtained or downloaded from or through this website is at your sole discretion and risk. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties in which case the above will not apply in such jurisdictions. Any medical information on this website is not intended as a substitute for informed medical advice and we cannot answer any unsolicited emails relating to personal healthcare issues. Information on the products mentioned on this website may vary by country. Patients and healthcare professionals should check with local medical resources and regulatory authorities for information appropriate to their country. YOU MUST CONSULT A SUITABLY QUALIFIED HEALTHCARE PROFESSIONAL ON ANY SPECIFIC PROBLEM OR MATTER WHICH IS COVERED BY ANY INFORMATION ON THIS WEBSITE BEFORE TAKING ANY ACTION.
Nothing on this website shall be deemed to constitute an invitation to invest or otherwise deal in shares, ADRs or other securities in AstraZeneca PLC. Actual results and developments may be materially different from any forecast, opinion or expectation expressed on this website and the past performance of the price of securities must not be relied on as a guide to their future performance.
Our Liability
To the extent permitted by law, we, other members of our Group (as defined below) and third parties connected to us hereby expressly exclude:
All conditions, warranties and other terms which might otherwise be implied by statute, common law or the law of equity; and
Any liability for any direct, indirect or consequential loss or damage incurred by any user in connection with our website or in connection with the use, inability to use, or results of the use of our website, any websites linked to it and any materials posted on it, including, without limitation any liability for (i) loss of income or revenue, (ii) loss of business, (iii) loss of profits or contracts, (iv) loss of anticipated savings, (v) loss of data, (vi) loss of goodwill, (vii) wasted management or office time; and (viii) for any other loss or damage of any kind, however arising and whether caused by tort (including negligence), breach of contract or otherwise, even if foreseeable.
This does not affect our liability for death or personal injury arising from our negligence, nor our liability for fraudulent misrepresentation or misrepresentation as to a fundamental matter, nor any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
We do not warrant that functions contained in this website will be uninterrupted or error free, that defects will be corrected, or that this website or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or bugs.
Intellectual Property Rights
The intellectual property rights in this website, and in the material published on it including without limitation, in all documents, files, text, images, RSS Feeds, audio files, Podcasts, video files, flash tutorials, graphics, devices and code contained in it and in this website's general "look and feel", is owned by AstraZeneca UK Limited, its Affiliates (as defined below) or our external partners. These works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved.
You are authorised to make a single copy and to print extracts or documents from this website (except for any third party owned content which has been identified as such) for your non-commercial use provided any such copy or print retains all copyright or other proprietary notices and any disclaimer contained within them. All AstraZeneca names, logos and trademarks may not be used or reproduced without our prior written consent. Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of material on our site must always be acknowledged.
Other than as specifically mentioned above, reproduction of part or all of the contents of this website in any form, including framing, creating any derivative work based on this website and or its content, incorporation into other websites, electronic retrieval systems or publications is prohibited. You may not use any diagrams, illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text. No links to this website may be included in any other website without our prior written permission.
We cannot guarantee that you have any right to use third party owned content which is available on this website and you must obtain permission from the third party owner before using or downloading such content. Content which is copyright protected may not be changed nor may any author attribution notice or copyright notice appearing on such content be altered without first obtaining the appropriate consents.
Except for the limited permission set out above, nothing on this website should be construed as granting any other right or licence.
All product names referred to on this website are trademarks of AstraZeneca UK Limited or its Affiliates, except for those marks which are indicated as owned by other companies and all rights are reserved.
Right to use information supplied by user
In the event that you submit any material for inclusion on this website (including without limitation, personal information, know-how, comments, ideas, questions, techniques, abstracts or similar), you agree (i) that such material will not be deemed to be confidential (ii) that such material will not be deemed to be proprietary and (iii) to grant to us an irrevocable, worldwide, perpetual, royalty-free, non-exclusive licence to use, disclose, copy, modify, adapt, publicly display and translate all or any of such material for any purpose whatsoever without restriction. We reserve the right, in our absolute discretion, to remove or delete, without notice, any material you submit for inclusion on this website. We also have the right to disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming that any material posted or uploaded by you to our website constitutes a violation of their intellectual property rights, or of their right to privacy. We process any information about you in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Viruses, hacking and other offences
You must not misuse our website by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our website, the server on which our website is stored or any server, computer or database connected to our website. You must not attack our website via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack.
By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use our website will cease immediately.
We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of our website or to your downloading of any material posted on it, or on any website linked to it. In accordance with good computing practice, you are advised to virus check all materials and/or content accessed and/or downloaded from this website using commercially available, up to date virus checking software.
Linking to this Website
You may not link to our home page with first obtaining our prior written consent. Following such consent any such link must be presented in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it. You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists. You must not establish a link from any website that is not owned by you.
Our website must not be framed on any other site, nor may you create a link to any part of our website other than the home page following written consent from us referred to above. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice. The website from which you are linking must comply in all respects with this Legal Notice.
Third party websites and content
This website may contain third party owned content (e.g. articles, image libraries, data feeds or abstracts) and may also include hypertext links to third party owned websites. We provide such third party content and links as a courtesy to our users. Links are provided for your information only. We have no control over any third party owned websites or content referred to, accessed by or available on this website and, therefore, we do not endorse, sponsor, recommend or otherwise accept any responsibility for such third party websites or content or for the availability of such websites. In particular, we do not accept any liability arising out of any allegation that any third party owned content (whether published on this, or any other, website) infringes the intellectual property rights of any person or any liability arising out of any information or opinion contained on such third party website or content.
Changes to this website
We reserve the right to change any part of this website or this legal notice at any time without notice. Any changes to this legal notice shall take effect from the next time you access this website. You are expected to check this Legal Notice from time to time to take notice of any change we made, as they are binding on you. Notwithstanding the above, we shall not be obliged to keep this website up to date. If the need arises, we may suspend access to this website, or close it indefinitely.
IFPMA Code of Pharmaceutical Marketing Practices
Any promotional content of this website has been prepared with reference to the IFPMA Code of Pharmaceutical Marketing Practices. In using this website you agree that any concerns you may have about the content will be taken up first with us. Then if you are not satisfied with our response, you may submit a complaint to the IFPMA, Geneva, Switzerland. Any complaints concerning promotional content which is specific to one country may alternatively be submitted to the Pharmaceutical Manufacturers Association in the country concerned.
Jurisdiction and Applicable Law
The English courts will have exclusive jurisdiction over any claim arising from, or related to, a visit to our website although we retain the right to bring proceedings against you for breach of these conditions in your country of residence or any other relevant country. These Terms of Use are governed by English law.
How to contact us
You can contact us by sending an email to infomaster@astrazeneca.com at AstraZeneca.
References to "AstraZeneca" and "Group” are references to AstraZeneca UK Limited and its Affiliates. In these Terms of Use “Affiliates” means any corporation or other business entity controlling, controlled by or under common control with AstraZeneca UK Limited from time to time and, for the purposes of this definition, “control” shall mean direct or indirect ownership of (i) fifty per cent (50%) or more of the voting securities or voting interest in such corporation or other entity; or (ii) fifty per cent (50%) or more of the interest in the profit or income in the case of a business entity other than a corporation; or (iii) in the case of a partnership, any other comparable interest in the general partner.
You are now leaving AstraZeneca.co.uk
You have selected a link that will take you to a site maintained by a third party who is solely responsible for its contents.
AstraZeneca provides this link as a service to website visitors. AstraZeneca is not responsible for the privacy policy of any third party websites. We encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit.
Click ‘cancel’ to return to AstraZeneca’s site or ‘continue’ to proceed.
Cancel
Continue
?
Important notice for users
You are about to access AstraZeneca historic archive material. Any reference in these archives to AstraZeneca products or their uses may not reflect current medical knowledge and should not be used as a source of information on the present product label, efficacy data or safety data. Please refer to your approved national product label (SmPC) for current product information.
I have read this warning and will not be using any of the contained product information for clinical purposes.
I disagree
I agree
?
?