http://www.maryrose.org/privacy-policy
The Mary Rose
About the Mary Rose
Why did the Mary Rose Sink?
Recovering the Mary Rose
Life on Board
Blog
News
Things to Make and Do
-
Artefact gallery
Conservation
Archaeology
Research and Projects
Plan your Visit
Opening times
Tickets and Pricing
Find Us
Accessibility
Visiting Portsmouth
Museum shop
-
Schools
Groups
Families
Students
We Visit You
FAQs
Virtual Museum
What's on
Events
The Many Faces of Tudor England
Shipwreck Explorers
Relaxed Opening Mornings
VIP Experiences
Latest news
Get involved
Become a member
Donate
Volunteer
Jobs
Roll of Honour
Contact us
General enquiries
Sign up for our newsletter
Image Enquiries
Media Enquiries
Mary Rose Archaeological Services
Mary Rose Trust Privacy Statement
Last Updated: March 2018
Your privacy is important to us. This privacy statement explains what personal data we collect from you and how we use it. We encourage you to read the information below to understand more about how providing your information may affect you.
This statement applies to the Mary Rose Trust and the Mary Rose Trading Company inclusively (together “The Mary Rose”). This statement also applies to www.maryrose.org, www.maryroseshop.org and the Mary Rose App (collectively “sites”).  For the purpose of the General Data Protection Regulation 2018 (and any resulting legislation as amended of superseded), the Mary Rose Trust is the data controller of any personal data processed under this privacy policy.
Changes to this privacy statement
We will update this privacy statement when necessary. When we post changes to this statement, we will revise the “last updated” date at the top of the statement and highlight what has changed. If there are any changes as to how The Mary Rose will use your personal data, we will notify you by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to periodically review this privacy statement to learn how The Mary Rose is protecting your information.
Personal Data We Collect
The Mary Rose collects a small amount of data so that we can provide you with the best experience possible and to ensure we’re running our operations efficiently.
Most of the data collected will be provided by yourself on your terms, but in some cases, such as when using our sites, information from cookies and Google Analytics is sent to us.
Except as set out in this Privacy Statement, NO data that is collected, is given, shared or sold to any third parties.
Data given to us by you
We collect content of your files and communications when necessary to provide you with the products/services you use. For example, if you contact The Mary Rose by email, or by post, your data, such as email and/or postal address will be used to contact you regarding the reason as to which you contacted us with. Where appropriate, we may ask your permission to keep your data on a secure database, so as to keep you updated on events and news from The Mary Rose ONLY.
The transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure and we cannot guarantee the security of data while you are transmitting it.  No data transmission can be 100% secure and any data you transmit is at your own risk.
We have procedures and security features in place to keep your data secure once we receive it. We won’t share your information with any other organisations for marketing, market research or commercial purposes, and we don’t pass on your details to other websites.
Data we ask for
Any data we ask you for comes from:
you filling in forms on our website or by corresponding with us by phone, email, mail, in person or otherwise. This includes information you provide when you register for our newsletter, or make a donation, make enquiries about your membership or about The Mary Rose and when you report a problem with our website;
literature such as membership leaflets and events booking forms in which it is your choice as to what data you provide us with.
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current.  Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us.
In this case, we ask for:
Name and contact data. We collect your first and last name, email address, postal address and phone number. This is so that we can send you the appropriate materials regarding your purchase, and allow us to keep you informed of news and events from The Mary Rose ONLY where you have given your consent.
Payment data. We collect data necessary to process your payment if you make a purchase, such as your details of your payment method (such as a credit card number), and the security code associated with your method of payment, or information regarding your bank account, such as sort code and account number, so as to create an instruction to your bank or building society to pay by Direct Debit.
Data given from external sources
Google Analytics, in conjunction with cookies, provides us with data regarding those who use www.maryrose.org, www.maryroseshop.org and our Mary Rose App.
Information collected in Google Analytics include the following:
Demographic data. Google Analytics collects and summarises your demographic data such as age, gender, country and preferred language through the use of cookies.
Usage data. Google Analytics collects and summarises data on how you interact with our website and app including:
Product use data. This is data on how you have used our website including any purchases you have made, and how long you’ve remained on any page on our website.
Device data. Data is collected about your device and the network you use to connect to our website and app. It includes data about the operating systems, browser, and service operator you use.
Interests and favourites. Data is collected so as to categorize what type of things interest you as a user via the use of cookies. Categories allow us to see if you’re a ‘travel buff’ or ‘outdoor enthusiast’, and whether you like ‘arts & entertainment’ or ‘reference/general reference/dictionaries & encyclopaedias’.
Location data. Data regarding your location is collected, which can be either precise or imprecise depending on your GPS settings.
Google Ads, in conjunction with cookies, provides us with anonymised data regarding the use of certain search terms and demographic information.  This data is used to improve and personalise your experience by showing you adverts that may be of interest to you.
For information on Cookies and how we use them, please visit www.maryrose.org/cookie-policy and read the ‘Cookies’ section.
ALL data gathered from external sources are used for report purposes ONLY and allows us to ensure we are providing the right services and content needed for our users. We can’t personally identify you using your data as data from these external sources is anonymised.
How We Use Personal Data
The Mary Rose uses the data collected for the following purposes:
to provide the necessary products and services we offer in order to comply with any contract between you and us;
which includes using data to improve and personalise your experiences, for example, through social media to show you adverts that may be of interest to you;
where it is necessary for our legitimate interests, i.e. to operate our charity/company and provide (including improving and personalising) the products and services we offer;
to send communications (including news, events and campaigns), where we have your consent to do so; and
where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
Providing and improving our products. We use anonymised data, to analyse use of our sites in our legitimate interests in order to provide and improve the products and services we offer. This includes operating, and maintaining the performance of, the products and services, including developing new features, research and providing support. Examples of such uses include the following:
Providing the products/services. We use the data you’ve provided to carry out your transactions with us and to provide our products and services to you, as necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us. This includes sending relevant and necessary documentation and communications regarding the same.
Customer support. Your data may be used to help rectify an issue we have regarding the communications with you and any products or services that you have purchased, as required under the contract between you and us or if the particular issue doesn’t relate to a contract in ours and your legitimate interest, to ensure we provide you with a good service.
Product/service improvement. Your data may be used to help improve the products and services we provide, in our legitimate interest. You may be approached to be involved with surveys or feedback requests to help us understand what is needed to be improved.
Communications. We use data we collect to deliver and personalise our communications with you. For example, we may contact you by email or post to inform you when a membership is ending, in response to queries submitted to any of the sites, in regards to a purchase of a product or service, to inform you of any news or events about The Mary Rose ONLY. Additionally, there is the option to sign up for email subscriptions in which your data will only be used to send a newsletter to you regarding any updates about The Mary Rose.  Where you have previously purchased a product or service from us, we may send you communications about further products or services from us that we think may be of interest to you or updates about The Mary Rose.
Opting Out. You can ask us to stop sending marketing messages at any time by clicking “unsubscribe” on the emails we send you or by contacting us at privacy@maryrose.org.  Where you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of a product / service purchase.
Cookies
The Mary Rose uses cookies (small text files placed on your device) on our sites to help collect data. We use analytical cookies so that our sites will remember you and how you’ve used the website or app, every time you return. Analytical cookies works in conjunction with Google Analytics and enables us to monitor the health of our website and which pages of our website are the most visited.
The data collected is anonymous and we’re unable to identify you personally.
You have the ability to disable any website using cookies via the settings on your browser, however this may limit what you might be able to see and use on our website. Unless you have adjusted your browser settings so that it will refuse cookies, our system will automatically issue cookies as soon as you visit any of our sites.
For more information on how to control cookies, please visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
Other Important Privacy Information
You’ll find additional privacy information in this section which you may find important.
Security of personal data
The Mary Rose has an obligation to protecting the security of your personal data. We use a variety of security procedures to help protect your personal data from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
Where we store and process personal data
We store personal data you provide on computer systems that have limited access and are in controlled facilities. Most data is held in a database called Salesforce, for more information on their privacy statement please visit www.salesforce.com/uk/company/privacy.
Some data may also be processed by third party service providers such as payment processing providers and online ticket booking providers.
We take steps to ensure that the data we collect under this privacy statement is processed according to the provisions of this statement and the requirements of applicable law wherever the data is located.
Retention of personal data
The Mary Rose retains personal data for as long as necessary to provide the products and services and fulfil the transactions you have requested, or for other essential purposes such as complying with our legal obligations, resolving disputes and enforcing our agreements. Some data, such as full name only, can be retained for all time, unless otherwise stated, due to archiving and charity records. For example, we keep records of names of divers on The Mary Rose, unless otherwise stated.
We are very grateful for all donations to The Mary Rose and we keep records of donors as follows:
on donor board within the museum – where you donate to the construction of the museum or to an endowment fund for the benefit of The Mary Rose, we will ask for your consent to include your full name on a donor board;
on an electronic roll of honour displayed within the museum and available on the sites – where you have made any donation to the Mary Rose, including money or your time (e.g. volunteers, divers), we will ask for your consent to include your first name, surname and title on an electronic roll of honour.
We will also keep records of all donors on our main database for the purpose of keeping and maintaining charity records.
Your Rights
Where processing of your personal data is based on consent, you can withdraw that consent at any time.
You have the following rights.  You can exercise these rights at any time by contacting us at privacy@maryrose.org.  You have the right:
to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes;
to ask us not to process your personal data where it is processed on the basis of legitimate interests provided that there are no compelling reasons for that processing;
to ask us not to process your personal data for scientific or historical research purposes, where relevant, unless the processing is necessary in the public interest.
to request from us access to personal information held about you.  We aim to complete all access requests within 1 calendar month and provide the information free of charge;
to ask for the information we hold about you to be rectified if it is inaccurate or incomplete;
to ask for data to be erased provided that the personal data is no longer necessary for the purposes for which it was collected, you withdraw consent (if the legal basis for processing is consent), you exercise your right to object, set out below, and there are no overriding legitimate ground for processing, the data is unlawfully processed, the data needs to be erased to comply with a legal obligation or the data is children’s data and was collected in relation to an offer of information society services;
to ask for the processing of that information to be restricted if the accuracy of that data is contested, the processing is unlawful, the personal data is no longer necessary for the purposes for which it was collected or you exercise your right to object (pending verification of whether there are legitimate grounds for processing);
to ask for data portability if the processing is carried out by automated means and the legal basis for processing is consent or contract.
In the event that you are unhappy with our processing of your personal data, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority, which is the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) in the UK, at any time.  The ICO’s contact details are available here: ico.org.uk/concerns.
For more information on Data Protection and your rights, please visit www.gov.uk.
How to contact us
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to:
Privacy Officer
The Mary Rose Trust
College Road
HM Naval Base
Portsmouth
PO1 3LX, UK
or sent to privacy@maryrose.org