https://www.euractiv.com/section/development-policy/news/burkina-faso-launches-sahel-regions-largest-solar-power-plant/
HomeNewsGlobal EuropeDevelopment PolicyBurkina Faso launches Sahel region’s largest solar power plant
Burkina Faso launches Sahel region’s largest solar power plant
EURACTIV.com with AFP
28-11-2017
The Zagtouli plant in Burkina Faso. [Twitter]
Comments Print Email
Facebook Twitter LinkedIn WhatsApp
West Africa’s biggest solar power plant comes online on Wednesday (29 November) as Burkina Faso, one of the world’s poorest countries, inaugurates a novel scheme to boost renewables and cut energy dependence on its neighbours.
The 55-hectare plant at Zagtouli on the outskirts of the capital Ouagadougou will be able to churn out 33 megawatts – enough to power tens of thousands of homes.
Presiding over the opening ceremony will be Burkinabe President Roch Marc Christian Kabore and his visiting French counterpart Emmanuel Macron, whose country partially funded construction of the facility.
French President Emmanuel Macron to pitch entrepreneurship on his first trip to Africa. Tour starts Tues with overnight stay in Burkina Faso, where Macron will inaugurate major solar farm. He then heads to Ivory Coast for EU-African Union summit Wed-Thurs.https://t.co/GuzDtRQcJg
— AFP Africa (@AFPAfrica) November 27, 2017
“For the past six weeks the plant has been in a test phase with production of 14 MW, and will reach a peak of 33 MW during December, sufficient sunshine permitting,” said the site’s construction manager, Stephane Nosserau.
“This is West Africa’s largest plant in terms of installed capacity,” added construction overseer Saidou Nana.
The plant’s 129,600 260-watt solar panels are capable of annually pumping out 56 gigawatts – equivalent to 5% of current production – into the network of national power firm Sonabel, he said.
Desert solar project could power 5 million EU homes
A consortium of clean energy developers has applied for permission to build a gigantic solar power plant on the edge of the Sahara desert, which will be linked to Europe by a number of undersea cables and could power over 5 million homes.
“We import energy from Ivory Coast and there have been difficulties obtaining supplies at times,” said Nana.
“That is why we decided with financial backers to provide Sonabel with a source of energy from photovoltaic panels to respond to the public’s needs, which are growing at an annualised 13%,” he explained.
The added power will help reduce power shortages, said Nana, which greatly hamper the economy.
Burkina Faso produces only about 60% of the electricity it consumes – and just 20% of the overall population is hooked up to the grid. Many people use wood or butane gas bottles.
Burkina Faso inaugurates its first solar power station… (VIDEO)Burkina Faso will officially launch Wednesday "the largest solar power plant in West Africa", a first in this country that wants to turn to renewable energy to fill the gap that
… https://t.co/OdJ9ERgQxF #africa pic.twitter.com/aMx6nmLFLT
— KongoLisolo (@KongoLisolo) November 28, 2017
Solar boon
The €47.5-million cost of the plant has been funded via €25 million in donations from the European Union and a loan of €22.5 million from France’s development agency.
Cegelec, part of the French firm Vinci Energies, built the facility, designed to be a pilot scheme.
“With the financing terms that we have, the price per kilowatt-hour is considerably cheaper than for thermal production, which will allow us to reduce operating costs within Sonabel,” Nana said.
Energy produced by the Zagtouli plant will cost some 45 CFA francs (seven euro cents) per kilowatt-hour.
That is around a third of the 145 CFA francs per kilowatt-hour it costs to produce electricity at fossil-fuel plants, according Sonabel’s operations manager, Daniel Serme.
Zagouli’s capacity is dwarfed by some of the behemoths emerging in the fast-growing sector of sun-powered energy.
The world’s biggest solar plant is a 648-MW facility in Kamuthi, in India’s Tamil Nadu state. A 40-MW solar plant on a lake over a collapsed coal mine in Huainan, China, is the largest floating solar-powered generator globally.
Despite such comparisons, Burkina Faso has big ambitions.
Located in the Sahel belt on the rim of the Sahara, the country has sunshine aplenty.
#BurkinaFaso: the biggest #solar power station of West Africa in Zagtouli has changed the life of thousands of families ! #EnR #SolarEnergy pic.twitter.com/sT0zWfD2a4
— AFD_en (@AFD_en) November 17, 2017
It hopes to meet 30% of its electricity needs from photovoltaic solar panels by 2030, and – maybe one day – become self-sufficient in electricity production.
Ghana, as well as Ivory Coast, export electricity to the landlocked country to meet its needs.
A 17 MW extension is already being planned at the Zagtouli site to take overall production capacity to 50 MW.
Other schemes in the pipeline include two solar plants, one further west at Koudougou (of 20 MW) and a 10 MW version at Kaya, northeast of the capital, Nana said.
China eclipses Europe as 2020 solar power target is smashed
China has reached its 2020 solar power target three years ahead of schedule, after installed capacity topped well over its 105GW target. Europe has been urged to show similar ambition.
EURACTIV's editorial content is independent from the views of our sponsors.
Comments Print Email
Facebook Twitter LinkedIn WhatsApp Do you value EURACTIV’s reporting? We need your support.Dear reader,
Now more than ever we need unbiased, expert information on how and why the European Union functions. This information should not be behind a paywall, and we remain committed to providing our content for free.
We know our readers value our reporting, and the outpouring of support we have received since the beginning of the crisis shows that our readers are willing to step up for the journalism that they trust and value. We are seeing the record-breaking interest in our journalism as our pageviews have tripled. At the same time, readers support in the form of recurring monthly financial contributions provides continuous support for our work enabling us to innovate.
We are more confident than ever in our role bridging media, policy, and the public. And we thank you for your support.
Your recurring monthly financial contributions help us innovate for the future. Please consider making a recurring contribution to EURACTIV Media Network for Europe.
Topics
Burkina Faso development aid Development Policy Economy & Jobs Emmanuel Macron Energy Energy & Environment EU-Africa Global Europe Renewable energies solar energy solar power
AdvertisementSupportersEURACTIV MembersPopular articles1EU gives Hungary and Poland 24 hours to lift veto2Contribute to EURACTIV3EU countries feel 'numb' about Turkey ahead of critical EU summit4Paris eyes Recovery Fund for 25 member states5Denmark and Norway team up to build world’s largest hydrogen ferry6Caught in gay 'sex party' in Brussels, Fidesz MEP resigns7Russia’s Trojan Stream under the Black Sea8EU bets on blue hydrogen 'to break chicken-and-egg problem'9Paris eyes Recovery Fund for 25 member states10Four countries pledge night-train nirvana in Europe Advertisement
Comments
Leave a Reply Cancel replyYou must be logged in to post a comment.
Subscribe to our newsletters
Subscribe
Efficacité et Transparence des Acteurs Européens
1999-2018.
EURACTIV MEDIA NETWORK BV.
|
Terms and Conditions
|
Privacy Policy
|
Contact us
By continuing to browse the website, you are agreeing to our use of cookiesI agree
×
Do you value our reporting? We need you!
Your financial support helps build the future of our network of newsrooms across Europe.
Contribute to our reporting
Contribute
The need for fast, accurate and balanced information is always important. We value EURACTIV's good, independent journalism and support this initiative
Mella Frewen, Director General of FoodDrinkEurope
EURACTIV plays a vital role in bringing Europe closer to its citizens. EURACTIV has long recognised that the story of Europe has to be told across the continent, and not just in Brussels. We need to support a truly European and informed debate.
Susan Danger, CEO, AmCham EU