http://www.aruba-travelguide.com/other/privacy-policy.html
Aruba
Aruba Vakantie Gids
Bulletin Board
Trip Reports
Facebook
Home Aruba-TravelGuide.com
Aruba Information
About Aruba
Location
Weather Forecast & Climate
Language
History
Culture
Flora & Fauna
Churches & Religions
Medical Facilities
Economy & Government
Travel Information
Travel Information
Entry Requirements
Customs Regulations
Currency
Airport Information
Airlines, Flights & Airfare
Arrivals - Flights
Departures - Flights
Cruise Ships - Port of call
Map
Vacations
Vacations
Weddings
Honeymoons
Family Vacations
Special Deals
Trip Reports
Accommodations
Accommodations
Hotels & Resorts
All Inclusive Resorts & Hotels
Apartments
Vacation Rentals & Villas
Hotel Reviews
Hotel Map
Timeshare
Real Estate
Getting Around
Getting Around
Car Rentals
Motorcycle rentals
Public Transport
Taxi Fares & Rates
Airport Transfers
Road map
Traffic Signs & Rules
Discover Aruba
Discover Aruba
Things To Do
Events
Attractions
Beaches
Casinos
Nightlife
Restaurants
Shopping
Tours & Day Trips
Spas & Salons
Other
Other
Bulletin Board
Vacation Ticker
Trip Reports
Photos & Pictures
Facebook
Wallpapers
Contact us
Bonaire
Curacao
Vakantie Curacao
°F
-
°C
more weather...
Live Webcams
Popular Links:
Aruba Red Sail ABC Tours Mahi Mahi Deep Sea Fishing Butterfly Farm Aruba
Aruba Vacation Deals
Aruba »
Other »
Our privacy policy
Print this page
Other Aruba Stuff
Aruba Daily News
Bulletin Board
Trip Reports
Photos & Pictures
Facebook
Wallpapers
Contact us
Vacation Links:
Discount Coupons
Bonaire
Curacao
Vakantie Curacao
Our privacy policy
This privacy policy sets out how WorldWide TravelGuide b.v. uses and protects any information that you give
WorldWide TravelGuide b.v. when you use this website.
WorldWide TravelGuide b.v. is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to
provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured
that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
WorldWide TravelGuide b.v. may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check
this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from January 1, 2011.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name, birth day and job title
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in
particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information
which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes.
We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the
website according to your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or
disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and
secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree,
the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site.
Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its
operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your
preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about webpage
traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for
statistical analysis purposes.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find
useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about
you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can
usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking
full advantage of the website.
Tracking Technologies & Third Party Cookies
The use of cookies by our service providers is not covered by our privacy statement.
We have no access to or control over these cookies. This privacy statement covers the use of cookies by
WorldWide TravelGuide b.v. only and does not cover the use of cookies by any third-party. We encourage
you to review the following privacy policies:
Google
YouTube
Commission Junction
TradeTracker
TradeDoubler
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave
our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be
responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites
and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the
privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, the information is not to be used by anybody
for direct marketing purposes if you didn't ask for.
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes
(newsletter, member of our Bulletin Board), you may change your mind at any time by writing to or
emailing us.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your
permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional
information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish
this to happen (Newsletter or One stop Quotation).
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you. A small fee can be payable. If you
would like a copy of the information held on you please contact us.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or
email us as soon as possible. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
WorldWide TravelGuide b.v.
Ambachtsweg 12-b
1271 AM, Huizen
The Netherlands
Kite SurfingOstrichFarmRestaurantsSpa and SalonsButterfly Farm
© copyright 1999 - 2020 Aruba Travel Guide /
wwtg -
all rights reserved
Terms of use
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
Site Map
Contact Us