http://www.chumashinterpretivecenter.org/privacy-policy/
search
Home
ABOUT US
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
CONTACT US
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. It is Chumash Interpretive Center’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect from you across our website, http://www.chumashinterpretivecenter.org, and other sites we own and operate.
We only ask for personal information when we truly need it to provide a service to you. We collect it by fair and lawful means, with your knowledge and consent. We also let you know why we’re collecting it and how it will be used.
We only retain collected information for as long as necessary to provide you with your requested service. What data we store, we’ll protect within commercially acceptable means to prevent loss and theft, as well as unauthorised access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We don’t share any personally identifying information publicly or with third-parties, except when required to by law.
Our website may link to external sites that are not operated by us. Please be aware that we have no control over the content and practices of these sites, and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy policies.
You are free to refuse our request for your personal information, with the understanding that we may be unable to provide you with some of your desired services.
Your continued use of our website will be regarded as acceptance of our practices around privacy and personal information. If you have any questions about how we handle user data and personal information, feel free to contact us.
about us
random posts
Home Care: What are the Things to Look out For
Effective Ways to Prolong the Life of Your Furnace
Steps in Sandblasting the Drawers and Cabinets
The selection of the best Snow Removing Company
Disposal Ideas to Help You in a Construction Site
Advantages of Hiring Expert Cleaners
recent comments
Recent Posts
Advantages of Hiring Expert Cleaners
Effective Ways to Prolong the Life of Your Furnace
Disposal Ideas to Help You in a Construction Site
Home Care: What are the Things to Look out For
Steps in Sandblasting the Drawers and Cabinets
Recent Comments
Archives
October 2020
April 2020
November 2019
April 2019
September 2018
August 2018
Categories
Cleaning Services
Colorado Springs personal injury lawyer
Furnance
Home Care
Junk Services
Sand Blasting
Snow Removing Company
Designed by
Elegant Themes | Powered by
Wordpress