http://www.shamelessmag.com/privacy-policy
Blog
Magazine
Buy
Hall of Shameless
Get Involved
Calendar
Press & Awards
Contact Us
About
Behind the Scenes
Shopping Cart
Tumblr
Facebook
YouTube
Twitter
Instagram
Search
Privacy Policy
USE OF THIS SITE SIGNIFIES YOUR AGREEMENT TO THE TERMS OF USE AND PRIVACY POLICY.
We reserve the right to change this policy at any time by posting a revised privacy policy.
About Shameless Media Inc.:
Shameless Media Inc. is a non-profit associated with the mailing address P.O. Box 68548 Walmer, Toronto, ON, M5S 3C9, CANADA. If you have any questions about this privacy policy, about information gathered by this site, or about the operation of this site, we can be reached by e-mail at talkingback@shamelessmag.com.
Information Collected by This Site:
We collect two types of personally identifying information from users: personal and professional contact information (such as names, company or affiliation, mailing and e-mail addresses); and aggregated data (such as information about traffic patterns on the site, for example how many users log into the site on a daily basis).
Personal and Professional Contact Information:
Personal and Professional contact information is collected when you provide it to the site, for example in ordering merchandise, answering surveys, and sending email to the site. This site does not collect personally identifying information about you except when you specifically and knowingly provide it. A user’s personally identifying information will not be sold or rented to any other party.
Aggregated Information:
Aggregated information, such as which pages visitors access or and information volunteered by users, such as survey information and/or site registrations, is used in aggregate format only and individual information will never be shared.
How Shameless uses information provided by you:
Shameless users should be aware that if they voluntarily disclose personal information (e.g., user name, e-mail address) in comment sections, that information can be collected and used by others and may result in unsolicited messages from other posters or parties.
While your personally identifying information is protected as outlined above, we sometimes aggregate data to remove personal identifiers, which we provide to our advertisers for statistical purposes. For example, we might report to advertisers that a certain percentage of users are between the ages of 18 and 25. In addition, non-personally identifying information may be used by Shameless for marketing analysis purposes.
Links to Other Sites:
It is important to note that this site contains links to other sites, and that those sites may not follow the same privacy policies as our site.
About Canada’s Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA)
Canada’s Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA) regulates the collection, use and disclosure of “personal information.” The term “personal information” is defined broadly in the law to include “information about an identifiable individual, but does not include the name, title or business address or telephone number of an employee of an organization.” Thus, this law protects the privacy of financial information, health information and other types of personal information. Notably, PIPEDA protects not only personal information collected after January 1, 2004, but also information collected prior to that date that is used or disclosed after that date.
The fair information and privacy protections in PIPEDA have their source in a voluntary set of principles (“Model Code for the Protection of Personal Information”) issued by the Canadian Standards Association. This voluntary code was developed with input from a range of stakeholders, including businesses and consumer organizations. PIPEDA incorporates this voluntary code into the law itself. Drawing on the model code, PIPEDA requires that organizations notify individuals about why an organization collects personal information and how the organization uses and discloses such information. Organizations will generally need to obtain the individual’s consent to collect, use and disclose personal information (subject to certain exceptions). PIPEDA also gives individuals certain new rights with respect to personal information in the hands of regulated organizations. For example, individuals have the right to access personal information held about them and the right to an accounting of how personal information has been used or disclosed. PIPEDA also requires that personal information be secured by measures appropriate to the sensitivity of the information.
Latest Issue
Subscribe
Buy!
Advertise with us!
Press/Awards
“The best way I can describe Shameless is an amalgam of your sassy big sister, that party-time neighbour and the radical history teach you maybe never had.” – Filth zine
© Shameless Media | Advertise with us! | Contact Us | Privacy Policy | Creative:// The Public | Development:// Amphibian