http://www.uscourts.gov/privacy-security-policy
Skip to main navigation
Main content
Privacy & Security Policy
Thank you for visiting the Federal Judiciary's website. Our privacy policy outlines the types of information we learn when you visit our site and how such information will be used.
Information Routinely Collected and Stored
Website
If you visit our website to view or download information, we collect and store the following information:
The name of the domain from which you accessed the internet, such as a web search engine.
The IP address from which you accessed the Judiciary's website. An IP address is a number automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are accessing the internet.
The date and time you accessed our site.
The type of browser and operating system used to access the uscourts.gov site.
The pages you visit.
If you linked to uscourts.gov from another website, the address of the originating site.
This information is used solely for the purpose of evaluating and maintaining our site. From this information, we learn what users like and need; what kind of technology they are using; how often they visit; and other valuable information that helps us to offer our visitors the best site possible.
Information You Provide
If you choose to provide us with personal information, perhaps to be placed on our mailing list or to request additional information via our webmaster e-mailbox, it will be used only for the purpose(s) you state. We collect such information only to respond to your requests. We do not share that information with others, and we do not collect information for commercial marketing.
Security Notice
For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, this government computer system employs software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage.
Anyone using this system expressly consents to such monitoring and is advised that if such monitoring reveals evidence of possible abuse or criminal activity, such evidence may be provided to appropriate law enforcement officials.
Unauthorized attempts to upload or change information on this server are strictly prohibited and may be punishable by law, including the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act of 1996.
Visiting Official Federal Judiciary Pages on Third-Party Websites
The Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts (AO) maintains official social media accounts on behalf of the federal Judiciary on third-party websites, including YouTube, Twitter, and LinkedIn, to broadcast information about the federal Judiciary to a wider audience.
When you visit official federal Judiciary social media pages, the AO does not request, collect, or record personally identifiable information. Information collected by the AO will be used solely for the purpose of evaluating and maintaining those accounts. Please be aware that privacy policies of third-party websites may not be the same as the privacy policy governing uscourts.gov.
Retweets, likes, or follows of any person or organization on any social media page are not endorsements. Promoted Tweets on Twitter are not authorized or controlled by the AO.
Twitter and LinkedIn Comment Policy
The AO does not control, moderate, endorse, or respond to the comments, direct messages, or opinions provided by visitors to Twitter or LinkedIn.
YouTube Channel Comment Policy
On the Federal Judiciary YouTube channel all user comments are moderated, meaning all messages are reviewed before appearing. Comments must be civil and respectful of others.
Comments must not contain:
Content that is unrelated to the topic
Potentially libelous statements
Personal attacks, harassment, insults or threats
Blatant misstatements of truth
"Spam" – Repeated posting of identical or very similar content in a counter-productive manner
Unintelligible or incoherent comments
Commercial product promotions
Links to material that is not directly related to the topic of the original content
AO moderators reserve the right to remove any comment that may be deemed inappropriate, violates these terms, or is not in line with the YouTube Community Guidelines.  Comments that contain threatening language will be forwarded to law enforcement.
If you have any questions or concerns, please contact us.