http://www.lookandlearn.com/about/privacy.php
General terms & conditions
Privacy policy
Cookie policy
Licensing terms & conditions
Log in / register
Home
Picture archive
Curated searches
Licensing
Prices
Free images
Illustrated articles
Children’s Newspaper
Comic characters
About us
Contact us
Privacy policy
The Look and Learn websites at www.lookandlearn.com and art.lookandlearn.com (the "Websites") are owned and operated by Look and Learn Ltd ("LL"). The company, which is registered in England and Wales no. 5294671, has its registered office (not for general correspondence) at 3rd Floor, 24 Chiswell Street, London EC1Y 4YX, United Kingdom. LL’s business address is Office 370, 19-21 Crawford Street, London W1H 1PJ, United Kingdom.
LL wants users of the Websites to view and enjoy the Content and services offered. LL is also committed to protecting users’ privacy and maintaining the security of any personal information supplied by you.
In accordance with the European Union General Data Protection Regulation, we now require users of our Websites to be aged 16 or older.
This privacy policy explains what personal information we collect and how we may use it.
1. We may ask you to provide information to us when you register, log-in, search, participate in a competition, send an e-card, or use other features of the Websites.
2. We ask you to disclose only what information is reasonably necessary to enable you to use the Websites and to allow us to ensure that the Websites meet your needs.
3. You can always choose not to provide information, although this may prevent you from using all the features of the Websites.
4. We do not collect sensitive information about you except when you specifically knowingly provide it.
5. We maintain the information we collect from you in a file that we may use for analysing the Websites’ users and their needs, administering the Websites, enforcing our Terms and Conditions, and for other purposes.
6. We use standard industry measures to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information.
7. We may use your personal information to inform you about our products and services that are directly elated to your registered interests.
8. We may aggregate data we collect from users of this Websites and use this data to improve our services and for marketing purposes. If we share this aggregated data with third parties, individual personal information will not be identifiable.
9. Unless legally required to do so, we do not generally disclose to third parties personal information we have collected from you through the Websites. In the event that we wish to disclose such information we will ask you for your express consent. In the event that the business of LL is sold, your and the business’s rights will be protected.
10. As part of our normal business procedure, we use “cookies” to help us track how you use our Websites. Please refer to our Cookie Policy.
11. You have the right to check, update, or amend your personal details in our database at any time either by using the functions of the Websites or by sending us an email to publisher@lookandlearn.com.
12. If you have any questions about privacy, please contact: Managing Director, Look and Learn Ltd, Office 370, 19-21 Crawford Street, London W1H 1PJ; info@lookandlearn.com; +44 (0)20 7723 7732.
Last updated: 25 May 2018
We would like your permission to use third party cookies. These help us understand and improve your and other users’ experience with the website, and make it easy for you to share pages. You can read more detail in our cookie policy to help you decide.