http://www.indigoextra.com/terms-and-conditions
Skip to main content
HomeAboutMultilingual SEOFrench SEOGerman SEODutch SEOItalian SEOSpanish SEOEnglish SEOSEO SuccessesWeb DesignWebsite TranslationTranslate to EnglishDutch TranslationFrench TranslationGerman TranslationItalian TranslationSpanish TranslationGraphic DesignPrint DesignContact
Web Terms and Conditions SEO Terms and Conditions Cookies Policy Privacy Policy
Indigoextra Ltd Web Design Terms and Conditions
Date of last revision - 25 April 2016
Indigoextra Ltd. is registered at 25 Ford Ave, Loscoe, Heanor, Derbyshire, DE75 7LR.
Application of Conditions
By accepting a proposal or quote from Indigoextra Ltd the client agrees to these terms and conditions.
These terms and conditions shall apply to all contracts for graphic design, web design and development and shall prevail over inconsistent terms or conditions in client communications, including confirmation of order, briefs or acceptance of quotes by letter or email.
Proposals or quotes sent by Indigoextra Ltd. are valid for 2 months from the date they are sent, provided that Indigoextra Ltd has not previously withdrawn them.
Indigoextra’s Obligations
1.      Indigoextra Ltd shall use reasonable endeavours to deliver the web design, graphic design and web development within the timeframe agreed.
2.      Unless otherwise agreed, Indigoextra Ltd will create websites using the Drupal Content Management System (CMS), which is open source software.
3.      Unless otherwise agreed, all content for the website will be provided by the client, alternatively Indigoextra can write content for an additional fee.
4.      Members of Indigoextra Ltd will be available in order to define the precise requirements of the project, complete all the development work and to provide training where required.
5.      After the initial web graphic design is agreed, Indigoextra Ltd reserves the right to not implement further changes should they be significantly different from the agreed design.  Where possible, changes will be implemented, specifically:
a.    Modifying text will always be possible and need not be precisely defined at the graphic design stage.
b.    Modifying the overall layout if different to the design will be carried out if there is a clear advantage or need for it that arises during the process (the design will include flexibility in the layout of the core text block).
c.    Modifying the functionality of the site differently to that proposed will only be done where absolutely required in order to implement a required piece of functionality listed in the Functional Specification, or will be completed at an additional fee.
6.      Unless the client requests otherwise, Indigoextra Ltd will create the website on a development server, with a web address like dev2.indigoextra.com.  This will be made known to the client on completion of the Drupal theme.
7.      After the site is complete, Indigoextra Ltd will transfer the site from the development server to the live server.  This will either be hosted by SiteGround or by the client.
8.      Indigoextra Ltd will ensure that the site looks good on screens of 1000px wide and higher and in a range of browsers including Internet Explorer 9, Firefox, Opera and Safari.
9.      In the unlikely event that the client should wish to transfer ongoing web development or hosting to a different provider, then providing all outstanding payments have been settled, Indigoextra Ltd will provide all FTP details, passwords and other information necessary and will facilitate this process.
10.  Should any invoices become 2 weeks or more overdue, then Indigoextra Ltd reserve the right to cease all work on the project and to take the website offline.  This in no way affects Indigoextra’s statutory rights, including the right to be paid for their work.
Client Obligations
1.      Unless agreed otherwise, the client will provide rough design ideas. Indigoextra Ltd will modify this to create a complete graphic design as a PSD document and on Client approval, will convert this to a Drupal theme.
2.      The Client agrees to:
a. Give detailed feedback on the initial graphic design within 4 days of receipt.
b. Respond promptly to any queries that are essential to answer in order to progress with the web development work and to be available during the design process.
c. Pay all invoices on time.
3.      Should all of the conditions of the previous clause be met, Indigoextra Ltd will complete the design and development work within the pre-agreed timeframe.  In the event that this isn’t achieved, Indigoextra Ltd. will reimburse 0.5% of the total cost to the client, per week that the project is overdue.  If any of the dates in the above clause are postponed, including a delay in payment, Indigoextra Ltd reserves the right to postpone the completion date by the same duration.  Similarly if extra functionality is requested and implemented, this will also cause a delay in completion.
4.      In order to continue to use a pre-registered domain name, the client will need to provide Indigoextra Ltd with login details to the domain name registrar, or be able to change the Domain Name Settings (DNS) themselves.  Alternatively, Indigoextra can purchase a domain name on behalf of the client.
5.     The Client is responsible for ensuring that they hold all copyright and related permissions for any content (both images and text) that they supply to Indigoextra, such content will remain the intellectual property of the Client and they agree to licence the rights to Indigoextra Ltd. to use it as necessary to fulfil their web design and SEO service.
5.      On receipt of final payment, ownership of the website will be transferred to the client.
Payment
6.      The client agrees to pay invoices by PayPal or bank transfer at the pre-agreed dates.
7.      Any overdue invoices will be subject to an admin charge of €20 and interest at 0.2% of the overdue amount per week that the payment is overdue.
Limitation of Liability
YOU ARE RECOMMENDED TO PAY PARTICULAR ATTENTION TO THIS SECTION
8.      This section details the complete financial liability of Indigoextra Ltd and its employees, agents or sub-contractors in respect of:
·         Any breach of the contract;
·         All services provided;
·         All statements and tortuous acts or omissions (including negligence).
9.      Nothing in these conditions limits or stops Indigoextra Ltd’s liability in the event of:
·         Death or physical injury as a result of Indigoextra Ltd’s negligence; or
·         Any liability or damage incurred by the client due to fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation by Indigoextra Ltd;
10.  Indigoextra’s maximum liability including for breach of statutory duty or negligence, misrepresentation, or otherwise resulting from their performance or services of this contract shall be limited to the amount paid or payable by the Customer to Indigoextra under this Contract in the three months immediately preceding the month in which the event (or first in a series of connected events) occurred.
Intellectual Property
11.  Indigoextra Ltd will not use an identical design on other clients websites, however reserve the right to use the same or similar functionality developed for the client’s site as it wishes, including using the same functionality on other sites or releasing aspects of functionality as an open source Drupal module.
12.  Any content provided by the client will remain the intellectual property of the client and they agree to licence the rights to Indigoextra Ltd. to use it as necessary to fulfil their design service.
13.  On receipt of final payment all intellectual property rights for the design and logo provided by Indigoextra shall pass to the client.
14.  Indigoextra Ltd reserves the right to be acknowledged as the creators of the website, by having a link to www.indigoextra.com in the footer of the client’s website.  This could simply say ‘Web Development’.
15.  Indigoextra can also reference the client’s website on their own websites and in other publications.
Jurisdiction
All contracts and any legal disputes arising from them shall be governed in accordance with English law.  In the event that there is any claim or dispute arising from this contract, both parties shall at first attempt to reach an amicable settlement and if this cannot be achieved, shall resolve the dispute in an English court.
Indigoextra Ltd Terms and Conditions – SEO and Link Building
Date of last revision - 6 December 2013
1              Definitions
The following definitions apply to these Terms and Conditions:
Content: Content written by Indigoextra Ltd or its employees, sub-contractors or consultants.  This includes, but is not limited to:
Content for articles, directory submissions, social media submissions and links.Keyword reports
Content for the client’s website
Other text or images created by Indigoextra Ltd.
Contract:  The client’s acceptance of a quotation from Indigoextra Ltd;
Client: the individual or company who purchases services from Indigoextra Ltd;
Service:  The content writing, on-page SEO and link building services performed by Indigoextra Ltd or its employees, sub-contractors or consultants.
VAT:  Value Added Tax chargeable under UK law (currently 20%)
Indigoextra Ltd. are registered at 25 Ford Ave, Loscoe, Heanor, Derbyshire, DE75 7LR.
Indigoextra Ltd. also trade as French SEO Team, 1 SEO Company and 1 Website Designer.
2       Application of Conditions
By accepting a proposal or quote from Indigoextra Ltd. the client agrees to these terms and conditions.
These terms and conditions shall apply to all contracts for SEO and shall prevail over inconsistent terms or conditions in client communications, including confirmation of order, briefs or acceptance of quotes by letter or email.
Proposals or quotes sent by Indigoextra Ltd. are valid for 2 months from the date they are sent, provided that Indigoextra Ltd. has not previously withdrawn them.
3       Conditions
YOU ARE PARTICULARLY RECOMMENDED TO READ CLAUSES 19 – 23, THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Indigoextra’s obligations
1)    Unless otherwise agreed Indigoextra Ltd. will provide the initial content within:
2 weeks of receipt of initial payment where the total content is under 3,000 words
4 weeks where the total content is between 3,001 and 10,000 words
A duration to be agreed at the time for projects of over 10,000 words.
2)    Indigoextra shall use reasonable endeavours to deliver the content and links to the client within the dates specified in the proposal, quote or contract.
3)    Should any link not meet the quality criteria provided in the proposal, Indigoextra Ltd will replace it at no extra charge, provided they are notified by the client within 1 month of sending the link report to the client.
4)    Should the client notify Indigoextra Ltd. that any link has disappeared within 6 months of receipt of a specific link report, then Indigoextra Ltd. will replace the link at no extra charge on the same or an equivalent website.
5)    Indigoextra Ltd is not responsible for the content or changes on third party websites.
6)    It is acknowledged that the services provided are on a non-exclusive basis and Indigoextra Ltd is free to supply services to other businesses of a similar or competing nature as the client.
7)    Indigoextra Ltd. provide no warranties or guarantees regarding the outcome of predicted results produced by any given SEO or link building campaign.
8)    Indigoextra Ltd shall have no liability to the client in the event that their service is  prevented or delayed due to events or accidents beyond its control, including strikes, failure of a utility service or transport, acts of God, war or natural disasters, including those effecting its suppliers or sub-contractors.
Client obligations
9)    The client shall respond promptly to requests for information from Indigoextra Ltd. relating to the service, such as selecting keywords and specifying URLs.
10)The client shall have the opportunity to review content and provide feedback on it.  Unless the client responds to the contrary within 7 days of receipt, they shall be deemed to have approved the content.  Indigoextra Ltd shall have no liability for any errors in respect of content which has been passed to the client for approval.
11)If Indigoextra’s service is prevented or delayed by any act or omission of the client or their representatives, Indigoextra Ltd shall not be liable for any costs incurred by the client from such prevention or delay. In particular, on-page SEO work cannot be completed until the client has provided Indigoextra Ltd. with FTP and/or CMS login details to their site.
12)Without the written authorisation of Indigoextra Ltd, the client shall not at any time from the start of the contract to within 6 months after the termination of the contract, offer paid work on either an employed or self-employed basis to any member of Indigoextra Ltd’s team, whether engaged as an employee or sub-contractor of Indigoextra Ltd.
13)The client shall inform Indigoextra Ltd of any changes to its website that may affect Indigoextra’s ability to perform the services, including, but not limited to, changing the URLs (web addresses) of pages that Indigoextra Ltd. are linking to.
14)The client shall keep any quotes or proposals from Indigoextra Ltd. confidential to their employees or consultants.
Payment
15)The client agrees to pay invoices by PayPal, cheque or bank transfer at the pre-agreed dates.  Unless specified separately in the contract, this is:
100% in advance of each month for ongoing SEO projects.
50% in advance and 50% within 15 days of completion for one-off projects.
16)Any overdue invoices will be subject to an admin charge of 20 Euros and interest at 0.2% of the overdue amount per week that the payment is overdue.
17)In the event that any invoice becomes overdue, Indigoextra reserve the right to stop all work on the client’s site until the invoice is paid.
18)UK VAT will be added to all invoices (at the current rate of 20%).
Limitation of Liability
19)This section details the complete financial liability of Indigoextra Ltd and its employees, agents or sub-contractors in respect of:
Any breach of the contract;
All services provided;
All statements and tortious acts or omissions (including negligence).
20)The position of a website with Search Engines may vary depending on changes to the content of a client’s website, ongoing updates in algorithms and other sites adding or changing links to a client’s site.  Indigoextra Ltd. therefore does not guarantee a benefit from their SEO and link building service and is not liable for any factors outside of their control.
21)Indigoextra Ltd. cannot control content or other links on its partner sites.  If the client would prefer that any links be removed, they should notify Indigoextra Ltd in writing and Indigoextra Ltd will request that the link be removed.
22)Nothing in these conditions limits or stops Indigoextra Ltd’s liability in the event of:
a)    Death or physical injury as a result of Indigoextra Ltd’s negligence; or
b)    Any liability or damage incurred by the client due to fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation by Indigoextra Ltd;
23)  Indigoextra’s maximum liability including for breach of statutory duty or negligence, misrepresentation, or otherwise resulting from their performance or services of this contract shall be limited to the amount paid or payable by the Customer to Indigoextra under this Contract in the three months immediately preceding the month in which the event (or first in a series of connected events) occurred.
Jurisdiction
24)This contract and any legal dispute arising from it shall be governed in accordance with English law.
25)In the event that there is any claim or dispute arising from this contract, both parties shall at first attempt to reach an amicable settlement and if this cannot be achieved, shall resolve the dispute in an English court.
Intellectual Property
26)Indigoextra reserve the right to state that they have completed the SEO for the client’s website and to include a description of the client’s site, a brief summary of the work undertaken and a screenshot of the client’s website on their own sites.
27)All content written or created by Indigoextra Ltd. shall remain the intellectual property of Indigoextra Ltd.  On receipt of final payment for a given SEO project, Indigoextra Ltd. shall licence all intellectual property rights to the client at no extra charge on a worldwide, ongoing basis.  Content created by Indigoextra Ltd. may be used as examples of work on Indigoextra Ltd’s own websites, but will not be used to promote other client sites.
28)Any content provided by the client will remain the intellectual property of the client and they agree to licence the rights to Indigoextra Ltd. to use it as necessary to fulfil their SEO service.
What Are Cookies?
As is common practice with almost all professional websites this site uses cookies, which are tiny files that are downloaded to your computer, to improve your experience. This page describes what information they gather, how we use it and why we sometimes need to store these cookies. By using this site, you are agreeing to our use of Cookies.  If you would prefer not to use Cookies, please don't use this site.
For more general information on cookies see the Wikipedia article on HTTP Cookies.
Disabling Cookies
You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see How to Disable Cookies for instructions on a range of browsers). Be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit. Disabling cookies will usually result in also disabling certain functionality and features of the this site. Therefore it is recommended that you do not disable cookies.
The Cookies We Set
When you submit data to through a form such as those found on contact pages or comment forms cookies may be set to remember your user details for future correspondence.
Third Party Cookies
In some special cases we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties. The following section details which third party cookies you might encounter through this site.
Google Analytics
This site uses Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solution on the web for helping us to understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content.
For more information on Google Analytics cookies, see the official Google Analytics page.
We also use social media buttons and/or plugins on this site that allow you to connect with your social network in various ways. For these to work the following social media sites including; Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest, will set cookies through our site which may be used to enhance your profile on their site or contribute to the data they hold for various purposes outlined in their respective privacy policies.
More Information
Hopefully that has clarified things for you and as was previously mentioned if there is something that you aren't sure whether you need or not it's usually safer to leave cookies enabled in case it does interact with one of the features you use on our site. However if you are still looking for more information then you can contact us by using the details at the bottom of this page.
Indigoextra Ltd Privacy Policy
Date of last revision - 25 May 2018
This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or make an enquiry from https://www.indigoextra.com/ (the “Site”).
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
When you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as “Device Information.”
We collect Device Information using the following technologies:
- “Cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier.
- “Log files” track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
- “Web beacons,” “tags,” and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site.
Additionally when you contact us, or subscribe to our newsletter, we collect certain information from you, including your name, email address, phone number and IP Address (this tells us which city and country you are in).  We refer to this information as “Contact Information.”
When we talk about “Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy, we are talking both about Device Information and Contact Information.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We use this Contact Information to:
Communicate with you;
When in line with the preferences you have shared with us, send an occasional newsletter relating to SEO.
We use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the Site, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).
SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We share your Personal Information with third parties to help us use your Personal Information, as described above, but will never sell your Personal Information to third parties.
We also use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site--you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here:  https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/.  You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here:  https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.
DO NOT TRACK
Please note that we do not alter our Site’s data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.
YOUR RIGHTS
If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us.
Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you request a service through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above.  Additionally, please note that your information may be transferred or stored outside of Europe.
DATA RETENTION
When you contact us through the Site, we will maintain your Contact Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.
CHANGES
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
CONTACT US
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at seo@indigoextra.com or by mail at:
Indigoextra, 25 Ford Avenue, Loscoe, Derbyshire, DE75 7LR, United Kingdom.
Name *
E-mail *
1 + 1 =
200 Google SEO
Ranking Factors
68 Actionable
Web Design Tips
Web Design
Sample WebsitesResponsive Web DesignWebsite Design FranceEcommerce Web DesignDrupal CMS WebsitesDrupal tutorialGoogle Map Web Design
Graphic Design
Website Header DesignProfessional Banner DesignCreative Logo DesignMultimedia and Photo EditingGame IllustrationBook Cover Illustration
SEO Services
SEO Audit ServiceLink BuildingInternational SEO ConsultantArticle Writing & Guest PostingImage shares - Social MediaInfographic DesignInternational PPC Management
Multilingual SEO
Multilingual Link BuildingMultilingual Social MediaFrench Link BuildingFrench MarketingFrench TranslationMultilingual Travel Marketing
Marketing Blog
Marketing to the European culture
52 Creative Writing Prompts for Adults
Submit URL and get Google to quickly index your site
European vs. Canadian French Translations
How to write website content that converts
13 Ideas for Murder Mystery Riddles
Anchor text ratio for optimal SEO
Multilingual link building
Indigoextra Ltd © 2006 - 2020
UK Tel: +44 (0) 208 1234 618
France Tel: +33 (0) 467 02 48 79
Testimonials - Terms & Privacy - Ethics - Contact