http://www.madaboutart.org/privacy-policy
×Attention: You are using an outdated browser, device or you do not have the latest version of JavaScript downloaded and so this website may not work as expected. Please download the latest software or switch device to avoid further issues.
Menu HomeWhat we doMAD storyLinksBeaty's campaignSupport usContactPrivacyAbout usThis website is controlled by MADaboutART, registered in the UK as a charity (reg no 1093147) and a limited company (Company reg. no. 4257716) with registered office at 3 Clarence Street, Bowburn, Durham DH6 5BB and registered in South Africa as a non-profit Trust (Inter vivo Trust no. 14178/06, 115-997 NPO). Our databaseMADaboutART, an HIV educational charity, maintains a database of supporters and friends in order to stay in touch with our community and keep you updated about news, events and fundraising activities. Some of our database (but not all) choose to interact with us online by contacting us via this website, or signing up for our occasional eNews or making a donation online. In these instances, we collect and store personal information (or “data”) about you. We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy and this Policy sets out what information we collect about you, where and how we use (“process”) it. We may change this Policy from time to time. If we make any significant changes we will advertise this on the website or contact you directly with the information. Please check this page occasionally to make sure you are happy with any changes. If you have any questions about this Policy or concerning your personal information, please contact [Data Protection Officer] at [email/ address/ phone]. For the purposes of the EU’s General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) and any subsequent UK legislation covering data protection, the Data Controller is MADaboutART. What type of personal information we collect The information we have about you depends on where we collect it, but may include:
Name Email Address Photographs Gender Date of birth Participation in our events, emails, competitions, surveys and other activities Donations made to MADaboutART Geo-location data (your geographical location based on your IP address) Activity on the website A record of payments made via the website (but we do not store your credit/ debit card details as these are processed securely externally by a third-party payment provider) which could include shop purchases or online donations Consent options and communication preferences Content (such as announcements, stories, photos, documents, comments, events) that you share with us
Where we collect information from We collect personal information when you:
visit this website post content on to this website or other websites and social media sites managed by MADaboutART take part in an event or attend a meeting with us and provide us with information contact us in any way including online, email, phone, SMS, social media or post
How we use your information We will use your personal information in a number of ways, always with a legal basis for processing your data. These may include:
providing you with the information or updates that you have asked for sending you communications (with your consent if required) that may be of interest, including invites to events, newsletters and fundraising campaigns delivering our obligations under any contract between us seeking your views on the services or activities we carry out, so that we can make improvements updating our database records and ensuring we know how you prefer to be contacted analysing your engagement with our website. Emails and other content to help us improve our services for you
Our legal basis for processing your information The use of your information for the purposes set out above is lawful because one or more of the following applies:
you have given us your consent for the information to be used it is necessary for us to hold and use your information to carry out our obligations under a contract entered into with you it is necessary for our legitimate interests to hold and use your information and we are not impacting your privacy by doing so
Updating your consent preferences If we are using legitimate interests as our legal basis for processing your data, we will process your data responsibly in a way that you would reasonably expect, and you can opt-out at any stage. If you click ‘unsubscribe’ at the bottom of one of our emails sent you will be automatically opted-out of these types of email communications in the future. If you want to contact us about your consent preferences please contact [details] by telephone/ email [details]. How we keep your information safe We understand the importance of keeping your personal information secure and take appropriate steps to safeguard it. Your data is stored securely on our database with security firewalls, anti-virus, encryption and back-up methods in place, as well as strict data handling protocols. We always ensure only authorised persons have access to your information, which means only our approved staff, contractors and trustees and that everyone who has access is appropriately trained in data management.   No data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed to be completely secure. So, whilst we strive to safeguard your information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you provide online and you do this at your own risk. Who has access to your information?
Third parties such as an event or project partner, in which case we will let you know how your data is used when you register for an event. We select our third-party service providers with care. We provide these third parties with the information that is necessary to provide the service and we will have an agreement in place that requires them to operate with the same care over data protection as we do
Web hosting, email hosting, analytics and search engine providers that enable us to run our community database and improve our website and its use
Other than this, we will not share your information with other organisations without your consent. Keeping your information up to date Please would you let us know if your contact details change – you can contact us at [insert details]. Cookies Some information and data may be automatically collected through the use of cookies on this website. Cookies are small text files employed on the website to recognise repeat users and allow us to observe behaviour and compile aggregate data in order to improve the user-experience we provide for our website visitors. The law states that we can store cookies on your machine if they are essential to the operation of the website, but that for all others we need your permission to do so. The list below explains the cookies we use and why:
Cookie Description Name Purpose
e.g. Session Cookie MAD_Member_CodeMAD_PyroCMS  Used to remember you as you travel from page to page in a single session (without leaving the website) in order to provide a continuous and unified experience
e.g. Functional Cookie  MAD_Identify  Used to remember your login details when you return to the website after previously logging out, by storing them in your browser. This cookie is turned off by default and is only activated when you select the ‘Remember Me’ check box during login.
Opting out of cookies If you do not wish to receive cookies from us or any other website, you should be able to turn cookies off on your web browser: please follow your browser provider’s instruction in order to do so.  Unfortunately, we cannot accept liability for any malfunctioning of your computer or its installed web browser as a result of any attempt to turn off cookies. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.  How long we keep your information for We will hold your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the relevant activity. Where we rely on your consent to contact you for direct email marketing/ fundraising purposes, we will treat your consent as lasting only for as long as it is reasonable to do so. This will usually be for two years. We may periodically ask you to renew your consent. If you ask us to stop contacting you, we will keep a record of your contact details and limited information needed to ensure we comply with your request. If you ask us to remove your personal data from our database we will delete all the information we hold out apart from your name and archive your record in our database. Your rights You have the right to request details of how we use your personal information through making a subject access request.  Such requests have to be made in writing by contacting [details]. You also have the following rights:
to request rectification of information that is inaccurate or out of date; to request deletion of your information (the “right to be forgotten”); to restrict the way in which we are dealing with and using your information; to request that your information be provided to you in a format that is secure and suitable for re-use (the “right to portability”); to access your personal data in relation to automated decision making and profiling.
All of these rights are subject to certain safeguards and limits or exemptions.  To exercise any of these rights, you should contact [details] at the above address. If you are not happy with the way in which we have processed or dealt with your information, you can complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) in the UK.  Further details about how to complain can be found here. ---------------------------------------- This Policy was last updated in May 2019 JurisdictionThis Policy shall be governed in accordance with English law and will be subject to the jurisdiction of the Courts of England and Wales.    Terms Privacy Annual ReportThis website is powered by
ToucanTech