http://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au/conditionsandtreatments/brain-and-nerves
Site Navigation
Page Content
Menu
Caret
Health.vic
Victoria's hub for health services and business
DHHS
A gateway to the strategies, policies, programs and services delivered by the Department of Health & Human Services.
Seniors Online
Victorian government portal for older people, with information about government and community services and programs.
Show search toolbar
Contrast
Sign Up
Login
Search
Type a minimum of three characters then press UP or DOWN on the keyboard to navigate the autocompleted search results
Navigation
Home
Close Menu
Conditions and treatments
Conditions and treatments
Allergies
Allergies
Allergic reaction to packaged food
Anxiety
Arthritis
Asthma
Behavioural conditions
Birth defects
Blood and blood vessels
Bones muscles and joints
Bones muscles and joints
Foot care - podiatrists
Brain and nerves
Cancer
Complementary and alternative care
Dementia
Healthy living
Healthy living
Alcohol
Babies and toddlers (0-3)
Child health (0-6)
Children (4-12)
Drugs and addictive behaviours
Environmental health
Family Violence
Older people in hospital – Get well soon
Health checks
Healthy Eating
Healthy Eating
Nutrition for life
Mens nutrition for life
Healthy mind
Healthy pregnancy
Services and support
Services and support
Aged care services
Alcohol and drug services
LGBTI support
Carers, caring and respite care services
Child, family and relationship services
Disability services
Emergency, crisis and support services
End of life and palliative care services
genetic services and support
Hospitals, surgery and procedures
Mental health services
Planning and coordinating healthcare
A-Z
A-Z
Conditions and treatments
Healthy living
Services and support
Videos
Service profiles
Blog
Blog
Blog authors
Topics
Podcast
Podcast
Influenza - Dr Brett Sutton & Prof Kanta Subbarao
Trauma - Anne Leadbeater OAM & Dr Rob Gordon
template
Other sites
Health.vic
DHHS
Seniors Online
Sitemap
My Health Life
Facebook
Googleplus
Twitter
Youtube
Rss
Conditions and treatments
Healthy living
Services and support
A-Z
Blog
Podcast
Back to
Conditions and treatments
Home
Conditions and treatments
Brain and nerves
Brain and nerves
Share (show more)
Listen (show more)
Listen
More (show more)
Email
Print
The brain, nerves and spinal cord form part of the nervous system. Nerve cells and chemicals called neurotransmitters help different parts of the body communicate. Tumours, seizures, headaches and brain disorders can affect the brain.
Brains and nerves
The following content is displayed as Tabs. Once you have activated a link navigate to the end of the list to view its associated content. The activated link is defined as Active Tab
Brain and nerve basics
Brain and head injury
Brain tumours
Brain related conditions
Epilepsy and seizures
Nerve related conditions
Spinal cord
Speech and language
Tests and procedures
Brain and nerve basics
Brain
Messages relay between the brain and the motor and sensory nerves of the body in a constant 'conversation'...
Brain death
Brain death differs from other states of unconsciousness in important ways...
Brain surgery
Brain surgery is performed for a number of reasons, including alterations in brain tissue, brain blood flow and cerebrospinal fluid...
Central nervous system birth defects
Folic acid taken before conception, and during at least the first four weeks of pregnancy, can prevent around seven out of 10 cases of neural tube defects...
Coma
A wide range of illnesses, conditions and events can cause coma...
Epilepsy and Young People - Diagnosis (video)
Epilepsy is the world's most common serious brain disorder and is characterised by a tendency to have recurrent seizures.
Most seizures are spontaneous and brief yet self-limiting and can involve...
Nervous system
The nervous system helps all the parts of the body to communicate with each other...
Brain and head injury
Acquired brain injury
The long-term effects of brain injury will be different for each person and can range from mild to profound...
Alcohol related brain impairment
A person with alcohol related brain impairment (ARBI) might experience problems with coordination, thinking, planning and memory...
Alcohol related brain impairment - memory loss
If a person with alcohol related brain impairment is aware of their memory limits, they can learn how to deal with them...
Alcohol related brain impairment - support
People with alcohol related brain impairment benefit when their life is organised and follows a good structure...
Brain injury and sexual issues
A brain injury can change the way a person experiences and expresses their sexuality...
Head and spinal injuries first aid
Head injuries can be serious and require urgent medical attention. A hard blow to the head from a fall, knock or assault can injure the brain, even when there are no visible signs of trauma to the...
Head injuries and concussion
There is no specific treatment for mild head injury other than plenty of rest, and not overdoing things...
Subarachnoid haemorrhage
A subarachnoid haemorrhage is any bleed located underneath one of the protective layers of the brain known as the arachnoid layer...
Subdural haematomas
Subdural haematomas are blood clots formed underneath one of the protective layers of the brain...
Brain tumours
Acoustic neuroma
In its earlier stages, an acoustic neuroma can present similar symptoms to other, less serious conditions, which may delay diagnosis and treatment...
Brain tumours - cancer
Brain cancer symptoms and treatment depend on which part of the brain is affected...
Brain tumours - gliomas
Gliomas are brain tumours associated with the three types of glial cell in the brain...
Meningioma
A meningioma is a non-cancerous brain tumour and responds well to treatment...
Pituitary tumour
Generally, pituitary tumours are benign and slow growing, and pituitary cancers are extremely rare...
Brain related conditions
Amnesia
Loss of memory can be temporary or permanent, but 'amnesia' usually refers to the temporary variety...
Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease (CJD)
Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease is characterised by physical deterioration of the brain, dementia and walking difficulties...
Dementia explained
Dementia is not a normal part of ageing and can happen to anybody...
Epilepsy and Young People - Diagnosis (video)
Epilepsy is the world's most common serious brain disorder and is characterised by a tendency to have recurrent seizures.
Most seizures are spontaneous and brief yet self-limiting and can involve...
Headache
Although nearly all of us will experience a headache during our lifetime, persistent headaches need to be medically investigated with tests such as scans, eye tests or sinus x-rays...
Headache – migraine
Migraine causes a severe and throbbing headache, usually on one side of the head, as well as symptoms such as nausea...
Hydrocephalus
Hydrocephalus is the abnormal enlargement of the brain cavities (ventricles) caused by a build-up of cerebrospinal fluid...
Leukodystrophy
Leukodystrophy refers to a group of inherited disorders that affect the white matter of the brain, which causes loss of normal brain functions...
Stroke explained
A stroke interrupts blood flow to an area of the brain and is a medical emergency...
Epilepsy and seizures
Epilepsy and employment
Many people living with epilepsy are successfully employed across a range of professional fields...
Epilepsy
Medication can provide seizure control for approximately 70 per cent of people with epilepsy...
Epilepsy and aging
Epilepsy most commonly begins in childhood or in older adulthood, although it can begin at any age. People over 65 years of age have the highest incidence of epilepsy of any age, accounting for almost...
Epilepsy and exercise
It is rare for a person with epilepsy to have a seizure during physical activity, but you should always take safety precautions when exercising...
Epilepsy and learning
Epilepsy is a common condition of the brain in which people experience recurrent unprovoked seizures. Most people living with epilepsy progress well as learners through primary and secondary school...
Epilepsy and Young People - Diagnosis (video)
Epilepsy is the world's most common serious brain disorder and is characterised by a tendency to have recurrent seizures.
Most seizures are spontaneous and brief yet self-limiting and can involve...
Epilepsy - first aid and safety
Good seizure management is an important part of reducing the risks associated with epilepsy...
Epilepsy in children
Children with epilepsy generally have seizures that respond well to medication, and they enjoy a normal and active childhood...
Epilepsy - lifestyle issues
Learn about your epilepsy so that you can make informed decisions about your lifestyle...
Fever - febrile convulsions
A febrile convulsion is a fit that occurs in children when they have a high fever...
Nerve related conditions
Bell's palsy
The majority of people with Bell's palsy, around 90 per cent, will recover completely with time...
Carpal tunnel syndrome
Carpal tunnel syndrome can be caused by repetitive hand movements, pregnancy and arthritis...
Complex regional pain syndrome (CRPS)
Complex regional pain syndrome (CRPS) is a painful condition of a person?s arm, hand, leg or foot, which occurs after an injury, such as a fracture...
Diabetes type 2
Type 2 diabetes may be prevented, but it cannot be cured...
Diabetic neuropathy
Diabetes is the most common cause of neuropathy...
Eyes - optic neuritis
Optic neuritis is inflammation of the optic nerve that causes blurred, grey and dim vision...
Friedreich's ataxia
To the casual observer, a person with Friedreich ataxia may seem to be drunk...
Guillain-Barré syndrome
Most people with Guillain-Barré syndrome experienced some form of viral or bacterial infection before the onset of symptoms...
Neuralgia
Neuralgia is pain in a nerve pathway. Generally, neuralgia isn’t an illness in its own right, but a symptom of injury or a particular disorder...
Pins and needles
Pins and needles is a sensation of uncomfortable tingling or prickling, usually felt in the hands or feet...
Spinal cord
Spina bifida
Folate can prevent up to 70 per cent of spina bifida cases if taken daily for one month before conception and during the first three months of pregnancy...
Spinal cord injury - paraplegia
Most people who have a spinal cord injury are young males, who have a greater tendency to indulge in risky behaviour...
Spinal muscular atrophy (SMA)
A child with spinal muscular atrophy type 1 rarely lives beyond three years of age...
Syringomyelia
Syringomyelia is the growth of a cyst in the spinal cord that may result in paraplegia or quadriplegia if not treated...
Speech and language
Childhood apraxia of speech
Childhood apraxia of speech affects a person?s ability to organise the muscles used in speech...
Dyslexia
Dyslexia is a type of specific learning difficulty (SLD) in which the person has difficulties with language and words...
Stuttering
Children who stutter should see a speech pathologist, preferably before they start school...
Tests and procedures
CT scan
The CT scan is a medical imaging procedure that uses x-rays and digital computer technology to create detailed images of the body...
EEG test
In a person with epilepsy, an electroencephalogram (EEG) may show bursts of abnormal discharges in the form of spikes and sharp wave patterns...
MRI scan
The MRI scan is a medical imaging procedure that uses a magnetic field and radio waves to take pictures inside the body...
PET scan
PET scans are tests that show how an organ or tissue is working...
X-ray examinations
An x-ray examination uses a special machine to take two-dimensional pictures of internal body structures to help diagnose conditions or injuries...
Multilingual resources on brain and nerves Health Translations
See more translations for Brain and nerves on Health Translations
Find a doctor
Need to find a doctor in your local area?
Take a look at the general practitioners entry in the health services directory.
Find a doctor
A-Z of conditions and treatments
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
0-9
Explore conditions and treatments
Consumer Medicine Information
Want to know more about the medications you are taking.
Search and find information sheets on over 4,000 prescription and over-the-counter medicines.
Find out more about over 170 common surgeries including risks, benefits and after care.
Recent Activity
7 people have watched a video today
Health topics
Conditions and treatments
Healthy living
Services and support
Explore
Recipes
Healthy pantry
Videos
Consumer medicine information
Multilingual health information - Health Translations Directory
About
About us
Accessibility
Content partners
Privacy
Terms of use
Contact us
Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Page last reviewed: 15 Oct 2015
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au:443/conditionsandtreatments/brain-and-nerves
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au:443/about/privacy
Privacy Statement
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au:443/about/terms-of-use
Copyright Notice
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au:443/about/terms-of-use
Disclaimer Notice
This web site is managed and authorised by the Department of Health & Human Services, State Government of Victoria, Australia
© Copyright State of Victoria 2020.
Back to Top