http://www.aoc.gov/privacy-statement
Skip to main content
Privacy Statement
This notice provides the Architect of the Capitol's policy regarding the nature, purpose, use and sharing of any information collected via this Web site. The information you provide on the AOC Web site will be used only for its intended purpose.
For site management, the following usage information is collected for statistical purposes about your visit to AOC.gov: the name of the Internet domain from which you access AOC.gov and the date and time that you access the site. If you choose to provide us with personal information in an e-mail message, we use it only to respond to your e-mail.
This notice provides the Architect of the Capitol's (AOC) policy regarding the nature, purpose, use and sharing of any information collected via this Web site. The information you provide on the AOC Web site will be used only for its intended purpose.
For site security purposes and to ensure that AOC.gov remains available to all users, the Architect of the Capitol uses software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information or otherwise cause damage. Unauthorized attempts to upload information or change information on this service are strictly prohibited and subject to prosecution under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and Title 18 U.S.C. Sec.1001 and 1030. Information also may be used for authorized law enforcement investigations.
AOC.gov uses software programs to create summary statistics for such purposes as assessing what information is of most and least interest or identifying system performance or problem areas.
Cookies may be used on AOC.gov to improve the user experience and for basic web metrics. For the purpose of enabling better website design and a better user experience, we employ Google Analytics (a web service by Google, Inc.) to track site traffic and provide aggregate reports of how the public interacts with AOC.gov. Tier I session cookies, as detailed by OMB Memorandum M-10-22, are employed by Google Analytics in the form of client-side JavaScript code. In utilizing this analytics service, the AOC maintains its existing standards in regards to the sharing and disclosure of information, security and privacy safeguards for the data, and the data retention policy, each described below. Google Analytics analyzes website usage information automatically upon visits to FCC websites. Users who do not wish to have their visit information collected by Google Analytics may opt-out by downloading a browser extension or by disabling cookies in their browser settings. Opting-out of web measurements will still permit users to access the full AOC.gov website, with all included information and functionality.
For some videos that are visible on AOC.gov, a persistent cookie may be set by third party providers when you click to play a video. This persistent cookie is used by some third party providers to help maintain the integrity of video statistics. If you would like to view a video without the use of persistent cookies, a link to download the video file is provided just below the video.
Except for the above purposes, no other attempts are made to identify individual users or their usage habits. If you are using a form to provide information to the AOC, that information also is used only for the purposes stated above.
Applications for employment are processed through USAJobs and Monster Career Connector. Please view their privacy policy for information collected when processing applications.
Please contact us if you have any questions about this statement.
Back to Top