http://www.sandlotscience.com/terms-of-service/
Terms of Service
Last updated: July 12, 2019
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING LEGAL STATEMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE, AS IT GOVERNS YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE AND ITS CONTENTS.
Agreement
This website, located at the Internet domain handymansgarage.com, including any affiliated domains, subdomains, and domain aliases (collectively, the “Website”), is provided by Virtualab (“us”, “we”, or “our”) for informational purposes only.
By visiting, browsing, or using this Website and its contents, you are acknowledging your consent and agreement to be bound by this statement of Terms and Conditions (the “Terms”) and by the related Privacy Policy statement. If you do not agree to abide by these terms and conditions, please do not use this Website or access materials from it.
Links To Other Web Sites
My Website may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by us.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that we shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.
We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services that you visit.
Copyright Notice
Amazon:
Amazon and the Amazon logo are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates.
Unless indicated otherwise, all text, photographic images and other graphics, video, audio, design elements, information, links, code, scripts, programming, software, interactive features, and other material and files (collectively, the “Content”) used on or incorporated into this Website are protected by copyright, trademark, or other proprietary rights.
Except as permitted by the Copyright Act or other applicable law, you agree not to copy, download, modify, use, display, publish, transmit, sell, license, reproduce, or distribute, in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, any of the Content of this Website.
Grant Of Limited License
Visitors to this Website are granted permission to download or copy Content owned by us solely for their own personal, non-commercial use, provided that they preserve and maintain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in such Content. If you have any question as to whether we own certain Content contained on this Website, please do not download or copy it without first contacting us for clarification.
User Conduct
For the use and enjoyment of our visitors, we may provide interactive activities on the Website such as user galleries, articles, or blog comment posting areas or bulletin boards (also known as message boards), collectively identified as “Interactive Areas.” You may not use such areas of the Website in a way that violates applicable federal, state, or international law, or for any other unlawful purpose. In addition, you may not use the Website to send, receive, upload, or download messages or files or other materials that we deem inappropriate in any way, in our sole discretion, or that violate our intellectual property rights or the intellectual property rights of others.
If any content posted by users and contributors other than us (the “User Content”) is found, in our belief, to be inappropriate, offensive, objectionable, or in violation of applicable intellectual property right considerations, we reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to change, delete, or remove, in part or in full, any postings in Interactive Areas; to terminate or suspend access to such areas; and, if necessary, to cooperate with local, state, and/or federal authorities in complying with applicable law.
Any submissions or postings by visitors to Interactive Areas, without limitation, will be made public and posted in public areas on the Website. The Company, its affiliates, subsidiaries, and all officers, directors, employees, and agents of the Company will not be held responsible for the action of any visitors or third parties with respect to any information, materials, or User Content posted, uploaded, or transmitted in these Interactive Areas. We also reserve the right at any time, in our sole and absolute discretion and for any reason, to delete any User Content that is commercial in nature, and to terminate access to and use of the Website by any user who posts commercial content.
Notice For Claims of Intellectual Property Violations
If you believe in good faith that any material on our Website infringes on a copyright that you hold, then you (or your agent) may send us a request that we remove or block access to the infringing material. For purposes of this provision of the Terms, we can be reached here.
Your request to us must include the following information:
An electronic or graphical signature of the owner or person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Identification of the copyrighted work or other intellectual property that you claim has been infringed upon.
A description of the location of the material that you claim is infringing, with sufficient detail (such as a direct URL) that we may find it on the Website.
Your telephone number, mailing address, and email address.
A statement by you explaining why you believe that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright or intellectual property owner, its agent, or the law.
A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the sole copyright or intellectual property owner or authorized to act on behalf of the copyright or intellectual property owner.
Registration Obligations
To access certain resources available through the Website, you may be required to register by completing a registration form and designating a username, password, and/or other registration information (“Registration Data”). During the registration process, you agree to provide true, accurate, current, and complete Registration Data about yourself as prompted by the registration form. If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, out-of-date, or incomplete; or if we have grounds to believe that such information is untrue, inaccurate, out-of-date, or incomplete, we reserve the right, without limitation, to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Website or any portion thereof.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality and security of your Registration Data and are solely responsible for the use of and all activities that occur under your Registration Data. We cannot and will not be held liable for any loss or damage arising from any unauthorized use of your account.
Termination
We may terminate or suspend access to our Website immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if you breach the Terms.
All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Slovenia, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
My failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Website, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have between us regarding the Website.
Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will try to provide at least 30 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use our Website after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, please stop using the Website.
Contacting
If you have any questions about these Terms, please use the contact page.
Looking for something?
More Products
Top 10 Best Paint Sprayers of 2020 – Reviews
Improvements
Top 10 Best Weed Killers of 2020 – Reviews
Outdoor
Top 10 Best Portable Workbenches of 2020 – Reviews
Improvements
Top 10 Best Oscillating Tools of 2020 – Reviews
Improvements
Top 9 Best Cordless Impact Wrenches of 2020 – Reviews
Cordless / Battery
Top 8 Best Mold Killers of 2020 – Reviews
Cleaning
Top 10 Best Electric Chainsaws of 2020 – Reviews
Cordless / Battery
Top 10 Best Solar Battery of 2020 – Reviews
Accessories
Top 10 Best Screwdriver Sets of 2020 – Reviews
Accessories
Top 10 Best Deck Stains of 2020 – Reviews
Improvements
Top 10 Best Snow Shovels of 2020 – Reviews
Hand Tools
Top 10 Best Tape Measures of 2020 – Reviews
Accessories
Top 10 Best Miter Saws of 2020 – Reviews
Improvements
Top 10 Best Hedge Trimmers of 2020 – Reviews
Outdoor
Top 10 Best Exterior Primers of 2020 – Reviews
Improvements