http://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au/health/conditionsandtreatments/dementia
Site Navigation
Page Content
Menu
Caret
Health.vic
Victoria's hub for health services and business
DHHS
A gateway to the strategies, policies, programs and services delivered by the Department of Health & Human Services.
Seniors Online
Victorian government portal for older people, with information about government and community services and programs.
Show search toolbar
Contrast
Sign Up
Login
Search
Type a minimum of three characters then press UP or DOWN on the keyboard to navigate the autocompleted search results
Navigation
Home
Close Menu
Conditions and treatments
Conditions and treatments
Allergies
Allergies
Allergic reaction to packaged food
Anxiety
Arthritis
Asthma
Behavioural conditions
Birth defects
Blood and blood vessels
Bones muscles and joints
Bones muscles and joints
Foot care - podiatrists
Brain and nerves
Cancer
Complementary and alternative care
Dementia
Healthy living
Healthy living
Alcohol
Babies and toddlers (0-3)
Child health (0-6)
Children (4-12)
Drugs and addictive behaviours
Environmental health
Family Violence
Older people in hospital – Get well soon
Health checks
Healthy Eating
Healthy Eating
Nutrition for life
Mens nutrition for life
Healthy mind
Healthy pregnancy
Services and support
Services and support
Aged care services
Alcohol and drug services
LGBTI support
Carers, caring and respite care services
Child, family and relationship services
Disability services
Emergency, crisis and support services
End of life and palliative care services
genetic services and support
Hospitals, surgery and procedures
Mental health services
Planning and coordinating healthcare
A-Z
A-Z
Conditions and treatments
Healthy living
Services and support
Videos
Service profiles
Blog
Blog
Blog authors
Topics
Podcast
Podcast
Influenza - Dr Brett Sutton & Prof Kanta Subbarao
Trauma - Anne Leadbeater OAM & Dr Rob Gordon
template
Other sites
Health.vic
DHHS
Seniors Online
Sitemap
My Health Life
Facebook
Googleplus
Twitter
Youtube
Rss
Conditions and treatments
Healthy living
Services and support
A-Z
Blog
Podcast
Back to
Dementia
Home
Conditions and treatments
Dementia
Dementia
Dementia explained
Share (show more)
Download PDF
Listen (show more)
Listen
More (show more)
Email
Print
Tags:
Dementia
Dementia - Dementia explained
Brains and nerves
Brains and nerves - Brain related conditions
Summary
Dementia is the term used to describe the symptoms of a number of illnesses that affect the brain and a person’s ability to perform everyday tasks.Alzheimer’s disease accounts for about two thirds of dementia cases, Common early symptoms of dementia include progressive and frequent memory loss, confusion and personality and behaviour changes.Early diagnosis is important as it enables early support, planning for the future and support for people with dementia, and their families and carers.Medications might help with the symptoms of dementia, but there is no cure.
Dementia is the term used to describe the symptoms of a number of illnesses that affect the brain. It is not one specific disease. The most common cause of dementia is Alzheimer’s disease.
Dementia causes a progressive decline in a person’s functioning and affects a person’s thinking, behaviour and ability to perform everyday tasks.
Around 69,000 Victorians had dementia in 2011. This number is projected to increase rapidly as our population ages. In 2011, there were approximately 20,000 new cases of dementia in Victoria. In 2050, there will be an estimated 246,000 Victorians with dementia and the number of new cases per year is predicted to more than quadruple to around 94,000.
Dementia can happen to anybody
The risk of getting dementia increases with age, but it is important to remember that the majority of older people do not get dementia. It is not a normal part of ageing. Dementia can happen to anybody, but it is more common after the age of 65 years.
When people between the age of 40 and 60 do develop dementia, it is called younger-onset dementia.
Early symptoms of dementia
The early symptoms of dementia are subtle and may not be immediately obvious. Common early symptoms of dementia include:
progressive and frequent memory loss
confusion
personality changes and behaviour changes
apathy and withdrawal
loss of ability to perform everyday tasks.
Types of dementia
There are many different types of dementia. The most common include:
Alzheimer’s disease is the most common form of dementia, accounting for between 50 and 70 per cent of all cases.
Vascular dementia is the broad term for dementia associated with problems of circulation of blood to the brain.
Lewy body disease is a form of dementia caused by abnormal structures in the brain called Lewy bodies, the symptoms of which can overlap with Parkinson’s disease.
Frontotemporal dementia is the name given to a group of dementias caused by degeneration in one or both of the frontal or temporal lobes of the brain that often develops in people under the age of 65.
Alcohol-related dementia is due to excessive alcohol intake, especially when combined with a poor diet low in Vitamin B1 (thiamine).
Dementia caused by Huntington’s disease is due to the fact that Huntington’s disease is an inherited, degenerative brain disease that affects the brain and body, and causes dementia in the majority of cases.
Human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)-associated dementia (HAD) is a form of dementia that is very rare.
Diagnosis of dementia
It is important to consult a doctor when symptoms are in the early stages so that a medical assessment can confirm or rule out a diagnosis of dementia.
A diagnosis of dementia will:
rule out other conditions that can be mistaken for dementia, such as depression, stress, pain or infection
trigger discussion of treatment options
allow immediate early planning for the future, while the person affected can still actively participate
allow support to be arranged that will assist both the person with dementia, and their carers and family.
A local doctor or specialist should conduct a full assessment. Cognitive Dementia and Memory Service (CDAMS) clinics are available throughout Victoria to assist in diagnosis.
If the person will not go to a doctor, or the doctor is unwilling to take your concerns seriously, seek advice on how to deal with this from Dementia Australia.
Conditions that cause symptoms similar to dementia
A number of conditions have symptoms similar to those of dementia. In many cases, treatment of these conditions means that the symptoms will often disappear. These conditions include:
stroke
depression
some vitamin deficiencies and hormone disorders
alcoholism
medication clashes or overmedication
infections
brain tumour.
It is essential to get an early medical diagnosis, when symptoms first appear, to ensure that a person who has a treatable condition is diagnosed and treated correctly.
Inheritance of dementia
Most cases of dementia are not inherited. Researchers still do not have a lot of information about genes involved in dementia. A number of genes might be associated with different types of dementia, but in most cases, dementia it is not caused by specific changes to a gene.
Familial Alzheimer’s disease does have a clear pattern of inheritance, but it is very rare. Symptoms can appear from the ages of 30 to 60. Researchers have found three genes that are associated with this form of Alzheimer’s disease, but more genes might be found in the future.
Alzheimer’s disease associated with Down syndrome and the familial form of frontotemporal dementia are also caused by genetic changes.
The involvement of any genes in dementia will depend on the cause of the dementia, so it is important to have a firm medical diagnosis. If you have concerns about the risk of inheriting dementia, discuss it with your doctor, or contact Dementia Australia on 1800 100 500 and speak to a counsellor.
Treatment for dementia
At present, there is no prevention or cure for most forms of dementia. Support is vital for people with dementia, and the help of families, friends and carers can make a positive difference to managing the condition. While there is no cure, there are many practical changes that you can make, which will help the person living with dementia, and their family and carers.
Some medications are available that can help to reduce some of the symptoms experienced by people with dementia, including cognitive (memory and thinking) problems and other associated symptoms, such as depression, anxiety and sleeping disturbances.
It is important to remember that all medications have side effects. People with dementia might take a number of medications, and your doctor can help you to understand how the different drugs might interact with each other.
Medications to help cognitive problems in dementia
Medications are available in Australia to help with the cognitive (memory and thinking) problems of dementia for people with Alzheimer’s disease. These medications might also be useful for people with vascular dementia or Lewy body disease.
The two types of medications for cognitive dementia symptoms include:
Cholinesterase inhibitors increase the levels of a chemical in the brain that is important for memory (acetylcholine), which can help some people.
Memantine blocks the action of another chemical in the brain (glutamate), which can improve thinking problems in some people.
Medications to help symptoms of depression in dementia
Many people with dementia experience depression. If depression becomes significant, it can begin to further impact on memory and thinking. For this reason, it might be best to treat depression with medication, although it is important to minimise the side effects.
Medications to help symptoms of anxiety in dementia
Anxiety, panic attacks and unreasonable fearfulness can be distressing for a person with dementia, their family and carers. Mild symptoms are often helped by reassurance, adjustments to the environment or an improved daily routine.
More severe anxiety can be caused by underlying depression and so antidepressant medication can help. Other options are antipsychotic or specific anti-anxiety medications, but these can have unwanted side effects and are usually not recommended for anxiety in dementia.
Medications to help sleep disturbances in dementia
Waking at night and wandering can cause problems for both the person with dementia, and their carers and families. Speak to your doctor before using medication to treat sleep disturbance. If these are given during the day to sedate people with dementia, they can cause increased alertness at night.
Getting help early will make a difference
The earlier help is found, the better the family and person with the condition will be able to manage and cope. It is important to:
plan ahead – while the person can still legally sign documents, get enduring powers of attorney to manage financial affairs, medical decisions and guardianship
get information – find out about dementia and what lies ahead, so that you will be informed and have more sense of control
seek support – many people find it helpful to talk through what a diagnosis of dementia means and how they can make adjustments
organise practical help – organise help in the home, respite care, day trips and stays at day centres, which can all make a positive difference.
Support services for people with dementia and their carers
A wide range of community services is available to help both the person with dementia and their carers. These include:
support and information groups, for people in the early stages of dementia and their carers
carer education and training programs
books, videos and other resources
counselling and practical advice, for individuals or family groups
carer support groups
telephone support programs
day centres
respite care, including in-home, out-of-home and flexible care, such as holidays
home care and Meals on Wheels
aged care facilities.
Where to get help
Your doctor
Your local council
Your local community health centre
National Dementia Helpline – Dementia Australia Tel. 1800 100 500
Aged Care Assessment Services Tel. 1300 135 090
My Aged Care (Australian Government information line) Tel. 1800 200 422
Cognitive Dementia and Memory Service (CDAMS) clinics Tel. 1300 135 090
Carers Victoria Tel. 1800 242 636 (also known as Carers Advisory and Counselling Service)
Commonwealth Carelink and Respite Centres (Australian Government) Tel. 1800 059 059
Dementia Behaviour Management Advisory Service (DBMAS) Tel. 1800 699 799 – for 24-hour telephone advice for carers and care workers
References
Dementia statistics for Victoria, Alzheimer’s Australia. More information here.
What is dementia?, 2012, Alzheimer’s Australia. More information here.
Drug treatments and dementia, 2012, Alzheimer’s Australia. More information here.
Genetics of dementia, 2012, Alzheimer’s Australia. More information here.
How assessment works, myagedcare, Department of Health and Ageing. More information here.
Send us your feedback
Rate this website
Your comments
Questions
Your details
1/4 How would you rate this website?
Excellent
Good
Average
Fair
Poor
Next Submit Now Cancel
Send us your feedback
Rate this website
Your comments
Questions
Your details
Please note that we cannot answer personal medical queries.
If you are looking for health or medical advice we recommend that you:
talk to your doctor or pharmacist
dial triple zero (000) in an emergency
ring NURSE-ON-CALL Tel. 1300 60 60 24.
2/4 Your Comments
Tell us who you are
Select an option
Health consumer
Health professional
Others
Enter your comments below (optional)
Next Submit Now Cancel
Send us your feedback
Rate this website
Your comments
Questions
Your details
3/4 Questions
What are you here to do?
Looking for information on
Improving general health and wellbeing
Better relationships
A specific health condition and its treatment
Children’s health
Food, nutrition and healthy recipes
Medication
Exercise or fitness
Others
Did you find what you were looking for?
Yes
No
Next Submit Now Cancel
Send us your feedback
Rate this website
Your comments
Questions
Your details
4/4 Your details
Postcode
Email Address
Submit Now
Cancel
Send us your feedback
Thank you. Your feedback has been successfully sent.
More information
Dementia
The following content is displayed as Tabs. Once you have activated a link navigate to the end of the list to view its associated content. The activated link is defined as Active Tab
Dementia explained
Reducing dementia risks
Dementia disorders
Living with dementia
Families and carers
Dementia explained
Dementia Australia
Dementia Australia provides information and support for
people with Alzheimer’s disease and their carers...
Dementia Behaviour Management Advisory Service
DBMAS works to improve the lives of people with dementia
whose behaviour is affecting their care...
Dementia explained
Dementia is not a normal part of ageing and can happen to anybody...
Dementia - mental health changes
Depression makes it harder for a person with dementia to remember things and enjoy their life...
National Dementia Helpline
The National Dementia Helpline is a telephone information and support service for people with dementia, their carers, families and friends...
Services to support people with dementia and their carers
Services are available in Victoria for people with dementia, and their partners, carers and friends...
Reducing dementia risks
10 tips to improve your mental fitness
The brain is like a muscle – if you don’t give it a regular workout, it loses tone. Here are some tips to help you improve your mental fitness: Exercise for 30 minutes every day. Physical...
Dementia - reducing your risk
Adopting a 'brain healthy' lifestyle may reduce your risk of dementia in later life...
Healthy mind and older people
Physical activity, a healthy diet and mental exercises may help maintain your brain’s functions, including memory...
Secrets to healthy ageing (slideshow)
Experts say the key to living well into our 80s and 90s is making a commitment to live healthily. Check out these simple ideas and embrace your senior years!...
Dementia disorders
Alzheimer's disease - Early signs (video)
Family and friends of people with Alzheimer's disease discuss their experiences and how to recognise the early signs...
Dementia - Alzheimer's disease
Alzheimer's disease is the most common form of dementia in Australia, accounting for about two thirds of cases...
Dementia - different types
Dementia is more common in people over 65, but it is not a normal part of ageing...
Down syndrome and Alzheimer's
Studies of the brains of people with Down syndrome reveal that, by the age of 40, almost all develop the brain changes characteristic of Alzheimer's disease...
Living with dementia
Dementia - activities and exercise
Participating in suitable activities can help a person with dementia to achieve purpose and pleasure...
Dementia - behaviour changes
Providing a calm environment for the person with dementia can help to reduce the impact of changes to behaviour patterns...
Dementia - communication
Carers need to pay attention to how they present themselves to the person with dementia...
Dementia - continence issues
Incontinence may occur in people with dementia for many reasons...
Dementia - driving and travelling
Some people with dementia may not recognise their declining ability to drive...
Dementia - early planning
Planning ahead can make it easier for families and carers to manage the affairs of a person with dementia...
Dementia - eating
A number of strategies can help encourage healthy and nutritious eating for people with dementia...
Dementia - emotional changes
People with dementia continue to need loving, safe relationships and caring touch...
Dementia - hygiene
People with dementia can forget about washing themselves or changing their clothes...
Dementia - safety issues
Safety checks and modifications around the home can help ensure the safety of a person with dementia...
Families and carers
Dementia - advice for families
The most important way to help young people cope with dementia is to talk openly and be willing to listen...
Dementia Australia
Dementia Australia provides information and support for
people with Alzheimer’s disease and their carers...
Dementia Behaviour Management Advisory Service
DBMAS works to improve the lives of people with dementia
whose behaviour is affecting their care...
Dementia - carers and activities
Participating in suitable activities can help a person with dementia to achieve purpose and pleasure...
Dementia - coping with placement
Helping the person with dementia adjust to residential care can be a new role for carers...
Dementia - residential care
Deciding to place a person with dementia into residential care is a difficult decision...
Dementia - support for people who live alone
Caring for someone with dementia who lives alone can be difficult, but support is available...
Dementia - taking care of carers
Caring for a person with dementia will become more difficult if the carer is worn down...
Services to support people with dementia and their carers
Services are available in Victoria for people with dementia, and their partners, carers and friends...
Related Information
Brain and nerves
The brain, nerves and spinal cord form part of the nervous system. Brain injury, tumours, disorders, headaches and seizures can affect the brain...
Dementia
Early signs, types, management and coping...
Healthy mind
Mood, healthy thinking, body image, relaxation, relationships and getting help...
Dementia - mental health changes
Depression makes it harder for a person with dementia to remember things and enjoy their life...
Dementia - early signs
A correct diagnosis of dementia at an early stage is important for early treatment, support and planning for the future...
Home
Related information on other websites
Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander resources and publications – Alzheimer’s Australia
About dementia – Alzheimer's Australia.
Being assessed for aged care – Department of Health and Aging, Australian Government
Carers Australia
Carers Victoria
Cognitive Dementia and Memory Service (CDAMS) – Department of Health, Victorian Government
Dementia Behaviour Management Advisory Service – Australian Government
For aged care information contact the Australian Government’s ‘My Aged Care’ service on 1800 200 422
For carers and family – Aged Care Australia, Australian Government
Information in other languages – Alzheimer’s Australia
The Aged Care Assessment Service (ACAS) – Department of Health, Victorian Government
Support Groups
Alzheimer's Australia Vic
Content Partner
This page has been produced in consultation with and approved by:
Dementia Australia
Last updated:
May 2016
Content on this website is provided for information purposes only. Information about a therapy, service, product or treatment does not in any way endorse or support such therapy, service, product or treatment and is not intended to replace advice from your doctor or other registered health professional. The information and materials contained on this website are not intended to constitute a comprehensive guide concerning all aspects of the therapy, product or treatment described on the website. All users are urged to always seek advice from a registered health care professional for diagnosis and answers to their medical questions and to ascertain whether the particular therapy, service, product or treatment described on the website is suitable in their circumstances. The State of Victoria and the Department of Health & Human Services shall not bear any liability for reliance by any user on the materials contained on this website.
My Health Life helps you manage your health
With tools, information and recommendations tailored to you, it’s your personal and secure health dashboard.
Learn more
Medical Dictionary
Enter a search term
Search
Search for your topic using the Merriam Webster medical dictionary
Help to decide
Sometimes we need a bit of extra help to decide on which healthcare choice is best for us.
Try these decision aids:
Do I need a regular GP?
Should I get a second opinion?
Do I need support communicating with a doctor?
Service Search
Service Search
Find services near you
Service:
Select a service
Aboriginal Health Clinic
Aboriginal Health Worker
Acupuncture
Adolescent Mental Health Services
Adult Mental Health Services
Adult-community education
Aged care assessment
Aged Care information-referral
Aged Care Transport
Aged Residential Care
Air ambulance
Alexander technique therapy
Anaesthesiology - Pain Medicine
Aromatherapy
Audiology
Bereavement counselling
Biorhythm services
Blood donation
Bowen therapy
Cancer Support Groups
Cardiology
Cardiothoracic surgery
Carer support
Case management for older persons
Cemeteries & Fees
Child protection-child abuse report
Childrens play programs
Chinese herbal medicine
Chiropractic
Chronic Disease Management
Clinical Genetics
Clinical Pharmacology
Community bus
Community Cancer Services
Community Hours
Cranio-Sacral Therapy
Crisis counselling
Crisis-emergency accommodation
Culturally tailored health promotion
Culturally tailored support groups
Delivered meals
Deputising Service
Dermatology
Diabetes Educator
Diagnostic Ultrasound
Dietetics
Disability advocacy
Disability aids - equipment
Disability Care Transport
Disability case management
Disability information-referral
Disability support packages
Disability supported accommodation
Drug and-or alcohol counselling
Drug and-or alcohol support groups
Early childhood intervention
Education information-referral
Emergency Department
Emergency medical
Employment placement and-or support
Endocrinology
Endodontic
Exercise Physiology
Family day care
Family planning
Family Violence
Family violence counselling
Feldenkrais
Financial assistance
Financial counselling
Financial information-advice
Flying doctor service
Food Relief-food-meals
Food safety
Foster care
Friendly visiting
Funeral services
Gastroenterology
Gastroenterology - Hepatology
General dental
General Mental Health Services
General Practice/GP (doctor)
General Practice-GP
Generalist counselling
Genetic counselling
Geriatric medicine
Gynaecological Oncology
Gynaecology
Health advocacy-Liaison service
Health counselling
Health information-referral
Hearing aids - equipment
Hepatology
Higher education
Holiday programs
Home care-housekeeping assistance
Home maintenance and repair
Home Medicine Review
Home Nursing
Homelessness support
Homoeopathy
Hospital
Hospital Services
Housing information-referral
Hydrotherapy
Hypnotherapy
Immunisation
Immunology - Allergy
Infectious diseases
Inpatients
Integrated Family Services
Intensive care medicine
Juvenile Justice
Kindergarten-preschool
Kinesiology
Kinship Care
Legal advocacy
Legal information-advice-referral
Library
Long day child care
Magnetic Resonance Imaging
Magnetic therapy
Martial arts
Massage therapy
Material aid
Maternal and Child Health
Maternity & Newborn Services
Mediation
Medical Oncology
Medical Research
Meditation
Mental health advocacy
Mental health information-referral
Mental Health Services
Migrant Health Clinic
Music Therapy
Myotherapy
Naturopathy
Neonatology - Perinatology
Nephrology
Neurology
Neurosurgery
Nuclear Medicine
Nurse led Clinic
Nurse Practitioner led Clinic
Nursing
Nutrition
Obstetrics
Obstetrics - Gynaecology
Occasional child care
Occupational Medicine
Occupational therapy
Ophthalmology
Optometry
Oral medicine
Oral surgery
Orthodontic
Orthopaedic surgery
Osteopathy
Outpatients
Outreach Service
Outside school hours care
Paediatric Cardiology
Paediatric Clinical Genetics
Paediatric Clinical Pharmacology
Paediatric Dentistry
Paediatric Dermatology
Paediatric Endocrinology
Paediatric Haematology
Paediatric Immunology
Allergy
Paediatric Infectious diseases
Paediatric intensive care medicine
Paediatric Medical Oncology
Paediatric Medicine
Paediatric Nephrology
Paediatric Neurology
Paediatric Nuclear Medicine
Paediatric Rehabilitation Medicine
Paediatric Rheumatology
Paediatric Sleep Medicine
Paediatric Surgery
Paediatric Thoracic Medicine
Palliative Medicine
Pathology - Clinical Chemistry
Pathology - General
Pathology - Genetics
Pathology - Haematology
Pathology - Immunology
Pathology - Microbiology
Patient transport
Periodontic
Personal alarms-alerts
Personal care for older persons
Personal fitness training
Pharmacy
Physical activity group
Physical activity programs
Physical fitness testing
Physiotherapy
Pilates
Placement Protection
Planned activity groups
Plastic - Reconstructive Surgery
Playgroup
Podiatry
Primary education
Problem gambling counselling
Prosthetics - Orthotics
Prosthodontic
Psychiatry
Psychology
Public Health Medicine
Public rental housing
Quit program
Radiation oncology
Reflexology
Refugee Health Clinic
Rehabilitation Medicine
Reiki
Relationship counselling
Relaxation therapy
Respite care
Rheumatology
School nursing
Secondary education
Sexual assault counselling
Sexual health
Shiatsu
Sleep Medicine
Social Support
Social Work
Speech pathology-therapy
Spiritual Counselling
Sporting club
Support groups
Surgery - General
Telephone Counselling
Thoracic medicine
Toy library
Training - vocational education
Translating Services
Trauma counselling
Urogynaecology
Urology
Vascular surgery
Veterans Services
Victims of crime counselling
Vocational Rehabilitation
Western herbal medicine
Womens Health Clinic
Yoga
Youth drop in-assistance-support
Location:
Type a minimum of three characters then press UP or DOWN on the keyboard to navigate the autocompleted search results
Use my location
Find a doctor
Need to find a doctor in your local area?
Take a look at the general practitioners entry in our health service profiles.
see general practitioner
Health topics
Conditions and treatments
Healthy living
Services and support
Explore
Recipes
Healthy pantry
Videos
Consumer medicine information
Multilingual health information - Health Translations Directory
About
About us
Accessibility
Content partners
Privacy
Terms of use
Contact us
Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Page last reviewed: 02 Jul 2018
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au:443/health/conditionsandtreatments/dementia
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au:443/about/privacy
Privacy Statement
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au:443/about/terms-of-use
Copyright Notice
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au:443/about/terms-of-use
Disclaimer Notice
This web site is managed and authorised by the Department of Health & Human Services, State Government of Victoria, Australia
© Copyright State of Victoria 2020.
Back to Top