http://www.knowitall.org/knowitall-privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Knowitall features a wide assortment of media content, created by ETV for K-12 students, teachers, and parents. Much of the content has been optimized for tablets and mobile devices. On Knowitall, you will find videos, audio files, interactives, image collections, documents and more.  We are located at 1041 George Rogers Boulevard, Columbia, South Carolina, 29201, USA.
ETV and Knowitall.org strive to allow children a chance to explore and learn in an educational, online environment while keeping their personal identification and information safe. Our privacy policy is in compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, published by the Federal Trade Commission, effective as of April 21, 2000. We will change this policy if our information collection methods are modified.
Personal Information Collection
ETV does not collect information from users that would allow us to personally identify them unless that information is volunteered by the user. Our Web site contains a "Contact Us" button to allow site users to ask questions or to make comments, recommendations, or suggestions. One-time requests for information from children will be honored. If more than one request is made, the child will be notified that parental permission will be required. The parent of that child must respond by e-mail, written notification, telephone, or fax in order for the child to receive further information from our help staff. E-mail correspondence from parents should include a work or home phone number. Knowitall.org staff reserves the right to verify e-mail messages by phone at our expense for security reasons. Parents have the right to review information given to us by their children, have it deleted, and may refuse to allow any further collection or use of the child's information.
Use of IP Addresses
Whenever you surf the Web, your computer can be identified by its IP address. This is a unique number assigned to your computer. Your name or specific location cannot be determined from your IP address. South Carolina ETV uses a program called Google Analytics to analyze information concerning how many people are using Knowitall.org. We track where they go within the site and when they are using it. We will use this information to create messages and materials in the future so that we can more effectively reach and serve students and teachers in South Carolina.
Use of Cookies
Knowitall.org does not use cookies in the transfer of information from our server to your computer. However, we make no claim as to the use of cookies by Web sites to which we link directly. You may generally contact the individual Webmasters of the sites in question if you wish to ascertain cookie usage.
Links to Other Sites
Knowitall.org is not a self-contained Web site. It features links to educational content on the World Wide Web that we feel are beneficial to include in Knowitall.org. While we can assure you that any personal information actively given or passively received by South Carolina ETV through the Web site is protected and safe from outside parties, we cannot ensure equal safety and protection from other sites outside of Knowitall.org. Care has been taken to review Web sites to which we provide direct links. If you should ever find questionable content linked from Knowitall.org, or feel that we have made an oversight in our screening process, please immediately notify any of the South Carolina ETV staff members listed below.
Disclosure of Information
We do not disclose any user information (e-mail, IP address, or any other information volunteered) to any parties, public or private, for any purpose. We will not use the information ourselves to contact the user unless he or she specifically requested that we do so. We will not use any information collected about our users to directly market or promote items to them. Please remember that any information that you or your children give out online can be collected and used by other people. South Carolina ETV and Knowitall.org cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose online and you do so at your own risk.
Knowitall.org Policy Contacts
Collection of information, responses to inquiries, and parental notifications are handled by the following staff:
Mimi Wortham-Brown
Digital Content Editor | Digital Media
phone: 803.737.3348
E-mail: mbrown@scetv.org