http://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au/conditionsandtreatments/bones-muscles-and-joints/foot-care-podiatrists
Site Navigation
Page Content
Menu
Caret
Health.vic
Victoria's hub for health services and business
DHHS
A gateway to the strategies, policies, programs and services delivered by the Department of Health & Human Services.
Seniors Online
Victorian government portal for older people, with information about government and community services and programs.
Show search toolbar
Contrast
Sign Up
Login
Search
Type a minimum of three characters then press UP or DOWN on the keyboard to navigate the autocompleted search results
Navigation
Home
Close Menu
Conditions and treatments
Conditions and treatments
Allergies
Allergies
Allergic reaction to packaged food
Anxiety
Arthritis
Asthma
Behavioural conditions
Birth defects
Blood and blood vessels
Bones muscles and joints
Bones muscles and joints
Foot care - podiatrists
Brain and nerves
Cancer
Complementary and alternative care
Dementia
Healthy living
Healthy living
Alcohol
Babies and toddlers (0-3)
Child health (0-6)
Children (4-12)
Drugs and addictive behaviours
Environmental health
Family Violence
Older people in hospital – Get well soon
Health checks
Healthy Eating
Healthy Eating
Nutrition for life
Mens nutrition for life
Healthy mind
Healthy pregnancy
Services and support
Services and support
Aged care services
Alcohol and drug services
LGBTI support
Carers, caring and respite care services
Child, family and relationship services
Disability services
Emergency, crisis and support services
End of life and palliative care services
genetic services and support
Hospitals, surgery and procedures
Mental health services
Planning and coordinating healthcare
A-Z
A-Z
Conditions and treatments
Healthy living
Services and support
Videos
Service profiles
Blog
Blog
Blog authors
Topics
Podcast
Podcast
Influenza - Dr Brett Sutton & Prof Kanta Subbarao
Trauma - Anne Leadbeater OAM & Dr Rob Gordon
template
Other sites
Health.vic
DHHS
Seniors Online
Sitemap
My Health Life
Facebook
Googleplus
Twitter
Youtube
Rss
Conditions and treatments
Healthy living
Services and support
A-Z
Blog
Podcast
Back to
Bones muscles and joints
Home
Conditions and treatments
Bones muscles and joints
Foot care - podiatrists
Foot care - podiatrists
Share (show more)
Download PDF
Listen (show more)
Listen
More (show more)
Email
Print
Summary
Good foot health is important for people of all ages.
Podiatrists are university trained professionals who treat foot conditions.
All podiatrists can perform minor nail surgery and podiatry surgeons can perform foot surgery.
All podiatrists must be registered with the Australian Health Practitioner Regulation Agency.
Members of the Australian Podiatry Association are bound by a code of ethics.
You don't need a referral to see a podiatrist.
Podiatrists are experts in assessing, diagnosing and managing foot conditions. Good foot health is very important for people of all ages.
Podiatrists treat common foot problems
Some of the more common foot problems that podiatrists treat include:
skin problems
calluses and corns
nail disorders, such as ingrown toenails
foot injuries
foot infections
overuse injuries of the foot and ankle.
See a podiatrist if you have diabetes
People with diabetes are more likely to develop serious foot problems because the condition may lead to:
reduced blood flow to the feet, which makes cuts and abrasions slow to heal
damaged nerves in the foot, which result in a reduced ability to feel minor trauma.
If you have diabetes be sure to:
have at least an annual foot check-up with a podiatrist
check your feet daily for cuts, blisters, bruises or signs of injury, which you may not have felt happening
seek advice or treatment from a podiatrist before trying to manage foot problems (such as corns, calluses or ingrown nails) yourself.
For more information read Diabetes – foot care.
Podiatrists and foot health for older people
Podiatrists can help older people stay active by keeping their feet healthy. Some older people are unable to look after their feet because they have poor vision and limited flexibility.
Some common problems treated by podiatrists include:
skin problems
nail problems, such as thickened or deformed nails that are difficult to cut
soft tissue disorders, like sore arches
arthritis.
Podiatrists treat foot injuries from sport
Some of the more common sporting injuries that podiatrists treat are:
stress fractures of bones (these are caused by too much activity)
arch pain or pain underneath the heel (plantar fasciitis)
inflammation of the tendon at the back of the ankle (Achilles tendinopathy)
pain at the base of the big toe (sesamoiditis).
BHC has more information on running and jogging – preventing injury
Podiatrists and foot problems in children
Podiatrists can help if children have problems with their walking, feet or legs. Some common childhood foot and leg problems that podiatrists can provide advice or treatment include:
foot or leg pain
walking on tip toes
problems keeping up with other children of the same age when walking and running
skin and nail problems like warts, tinea or ingrown toe nails
feet affected by genetic conditions (such as Down syndrome).
For more information on children’s feet, read Children’s feet and shoes.
Podiatrists can help you pick the right shoes for your feet
Podiatrists can advise about how to choose the right shoes for your feet. People who spend long periods of time on their feet, or those with arthritis, may have special footwear needs.
A good shoe should have:
a firm heel counter that fits snugly around the back of the foot to avoid slipping during walking
sufficient depth and width at the toes. There should always be a short space between the tip of the longest toe and the end of the shoe
an upper made from a natural material, such as leather, that allows the foot to 'breathe'
a sole made from a material like rubber. This provides good shock absorption and is less slippery than leather.
For more information, visit Choosing the right shoe, and Footwear for healthy feet.
Podiatrists can prescribe inserts for shoes
Podiatrists sometimes prescribe foot orthoses (specially designed shoe inserts that help support the feet and correct any imbalances). There are a variety of foot orthoses that may be recommended, such as a universal type arch insert that provides some foot support, or an insert that is custom-made for your feet. These inserts help:
reduce forces on your feet
enable your feet to work in the most stable and efficient position for activity
reduce pain in the feet and in joints like the knees and hips.
Where to get help
Australian Podiatry Association Tel. (03) 9416 3111.
References
Mankin HJ, Jupiter J, Trahan CA 2011 ‘Hand and foot abnormalities associated with genetic diseases’, HAND, vol. 6, no. 1, pp. 18–26.
Bonanno DR, Landorf KB, Munteanu SE et al. 2017, ‘Effectiveness of foot orthoses and shock-absorbing insoles for the prevention of injury: a systematic review and meta-analysis’, British Journal of Sports Medicine, vol. 51, pp. 86–96.
Send us your feedback
Rate this website
Your comments
Questions
Your details
1/4 How would you rate this website?
Excellent
Good
Average
Fair
Poor
Next Submit Now Cancel
Send us your feedback
Rate this website
Your comments
Questions
Your details
Please note that we cannot answer personal medical queries.
If you are looking for health or medical advice we recommend that you:
talk to your doctor or pharmacist
dial triple zero (000) in an emergency
ring NURSE-ON-CALL Tel. 1300 60 60 24.
2/4 Your Comments
Tell us who you are
Select an option
Health consumer
Health professional
Others
Enter your comments below (optional)
Next Submit Now Cancel
Send us your feedback
Rate this website
Your comments
Questions
Your details
3/4 Questions
What are you here to do?
Looking for information on
Improving general health and wellbeing
Better relationships
A specific health condition and its treatment
Children’s health
Food, nutrition and healthy recipes
Medication
Exercise or fitness
Others
Did you find what you were looking for?
Yes
No
Next Submit Now Cancel
Send us your feedback
Rate this website
Your comments
Questions
Your details
4/4 Your details
Postcode
Email Address
Submit Now
Cancel
Send us your feedback
Thank you. Your feedback has been successfully sent.
More information
Seeing a doctor, specialist or health professional topics
The following content is displayed as Tabs. Once you have activated a link navigate to the end of the list to view its associated content. The activated link is defined as Active Tab
Health professionals and services explained
Before, during and after a consultation
Seeing a doctor or healthcare practitioner
Getting emergency or after-hours healthcare
Health professionals and services explained
Patient-centred care explained
Patient-centred care, also known as ‘person-centred care’, is about treating the person receiving the care in the way they want to be treated...
Paying for healthcare
Ask your doctor and healthcare providers what you will be charged for each new service, what is covered by Medicare and what is included in your healthcare plan...
Primary healthcare explained
Primary healthcare is the first contact a person has with the health care system when they have a health problem. This is usually your general practitioner (GP) or pharmacist...
Types of doctors and health professionals
Doctors and other health professionals all have a different role to play in your healthcare...
Victorian Supercare Pharmacies (Video)
Victorian Supercare Pharmacies are open 24 hours a day, seven days a week to provide after hours pharmacy services...
Working with your healthcare team
If you see a number of healthcare professionals, it is important to tell them about any other healthcare services you are using...
Before, during and after a consultation
Preparing for a health or medical appointment
Get the most out of your consultation by preparing for your health or medical appointment...
Making and managing health and medical appointments
To get the most out of your medical appointments, it’s important to prepare well, book early and write down any questions you may have...
Second opinions
You have the right to ask a doctor for a second opinion if you are unsure about your doctor's suggested medical treatment or a diagnosis...
Doctors (GP) – how to make a complaint
If you feel uneasy about the conduct of your doctor, it may be a warning sign that something is wrong...
Talking with your doctor about sensitive issues
Building a strong, trusting relationship with your doctor can make it easier to talk with them about sensitive issues...
Three steps to better health (video)
Ways to improve your understanding of your health...
Seeing a doctor or healthcare practitioner
Preparing for surgery
Preparing for surgery is important. Maximising your recovery will depend on how you prepare for surgery...
Second opinions
You have the right to ask a doctor for a second opinion if you are unsure about your doctor's suggested medical treatment or a diagnosis...
Seeing a complementary health practitioner
It is important that you tell your doctor about any complementary medicine products and therapies you are using...
Seeing a dentist or dental health practitioner
There are a range of dental services available to assist you with any dental health problems you or your family may have...
Seeing a doctor or general practitioner (GP)
Your local doctor or general practitioner (GP) is your first point of call for non-emergency and preventative medical care during clinic hours...
Seeing an allied health professional
Allied health professionals are university-trained health practitioners who work as part of your healthcare team...
Seeing a specialist
Medical specialists are doctors who have completed advanced education and training in a specific area of medicine...
Three steps to better health (video)
Ways to improve your understanding of your health...
Understanding Medicare
Medicare is Australia’s national public health insurance, providing free or subsidised healthcare to all Australians and most permanent residents...
Getting emergency or after-hours healthcare
After-hours healthcare options
For unexpected after-hours medical issues, there are telephone helplines, pharmacies, after-hours medical clinics or doctors who can visit you at home...
Calling triple zero (000)
Call triple zero (000) in an emergency for ambulance, fire or police services...
Emergency department - what to expect
You are treated as soon as possible in an emergency department, but someone who arrived after you may be seen earlier if necessary...
Victorian Supercare Pharmacies
Supercare Pharmacies will be open 24 hours a day, seven days a week to provide after hours service...
Victorian Supercare Pharmacies (Video)
Victorian Supercare Pharmacies are open 24 hours a day, seven days a week to provide after hours pharmacy services...
Who to call in a crisis
Immediate telephone assistance is available for all kinds of emergencies...
Related Information
Victorian Supercare Pharmacies
Supercare Pharmacies will be open 24 hours a day, seven days a week to provide after hours service...
Bones muscles and joints
Bone disorders, osteoporosis, muscles, joint conditions, back, prevention and management...
Speech pathologist
Speech pathologists (therapists) work with people of all ages who have communication or swallowing difficulties...
Speech pathologists
Speech pathologists help people who have problems with communication and swallowing...
Foot orthoses
People who have chronic foot or leg problems that interfere with their health may be prescribed orthoses by their podiatrist...
Home
Related information on other websites
Australasian Podiatry Council.
Content Partner
This page has been produced in consultation with and approved by:
Australian Podiatry Association
Last updated:
February 2019
Content on this website is provided for information purposes only. Information about a therapy, service, product or treatment does not in any way endorse or support such therapy, service, product or treatment and is not intended to replace advice from your doctor or other registered health professional. The information and materials contained on this website are not intended to constitute a comprehensive guide concerning all aspects of the therapy, product or treatment described on the website. All users are urged to always seek advice from a registered health care professional for diagnosis and answers to their medical questions and to ascertain whether the particular therapy, service, product or treatment described on the website is suitable in their circumstances. The State of Victoria and the Department of Health & Human Services shall not bear any liability for reliance by any user on the materials contained on this website.
Find a doctor
Need to find a doctor in your local area.
Take a look at the general practitioners entry in our health service profiles.
General practitioner (GP) services
Service Search
Service Search
Find services near you
Service:
Select a service
Aboriginal Health Clinic
Aboriginal Health Worker
Acupuncture
Adolescent Mental Health Services
Adult Mental Health Services
Adult-community education
Aged care assessment
Aged Care information-referral
Aged Care Transport
Aged Residential Care
Air ambulance
Alexander technique therapy
Anaesthesiology - Pain Medicine
Aromatherapy
Audiology
Bereavement counselling
Biorhythm services
Blood donation
Bowen therapy
Cancer Support Groups
Cardiology
Cardiothoracic surgery
Carer support
Case management for older persons
Cemeteries & Fees
Child protection-child abuse report
Childrens play programs
Chinese herbal medicine
Chiropractic
Chronic Disease Management
Clinical Genetics
Clinical Pharmacology
Community bus
Community Cancer Services
Community Hours
Cranio-Sacral Therapy
Crisis counselling
Crisis-emergency accommodation
Culturally tailored health promotion
Culturally tailored support groups
Delivered meals
Deputising Service
Dermatology
Diabetes Educator
Diagnostic Ultrasound
Dietetics
Disability advocacy
Disability aids - equipment
Disability Care Transport
Disability case management
Disability information-referral
Disability support packages
Disability supported accommodation
Drug and-or alcohol counselling
Drug and-or alcohol support groups
Early childhood intervention
Education information-referral
Emergency Department
Emergency medical
Employment placement and-or support
Endocrinology
Endodontic
Exercise Physiology
Family day care
Family planning
Family Violence
Family violence counselling
Feldenkrais
Financial assistance
Financial counselling
Financial information-advice
Flying doctor service
Food Relief-food-meals
Food safety
Foster care
Friendly visiting
Funeral services
Gastroenterology
Gastroenterology - Hepatology
General dental
General Mental Health Services
General Practice/GP (doctor)
General Practice-GP
Generalist counselling
Genetic counselling
Geriatric medicine
Gynaecological Oncology
Gynaecology
Health advocacy-Liaison service
Health counselling
Health information-referral
Hearing aids - equipment
Hepatology
Higher education
Holiday programs
Home care-housekeeping assistance
Home maintenance and repair
Home Medicine Review
Home Nursing
Homelessness support
Homoeopathy
Hospital
Hospital Services
Housing information-referral
Hydrotherapy
Hypnotherapy
Immunisation
Immunology - Allergy
Infectious diseases
Inpatients
Integrated Family Services
Intensive care medicine
Juvenile Justice
Kindergarten-preschool
Kinesiology
Kinship Care
Legal advocacy
Legal information-advice-referral
Library
Long day child care
Magnetic Resonance Imaging
Magnetic therapy
Martial arts
Massage therapy
Material aid
Maternal and Child Health
Maternity & Newborn Services
Mediation
Medical Oncology
Medical Research
Meditation
Mental health advocacy
Mental health information-referral
Mental Health Services
Migrant Health Clinic
Music Therapy
Myotherapy
Naturopathy
Neonatology - Perinatology
Nephrology
Neurology
Neurosurgery
Nuclear Medicine
Nurse led Clinic
Nurse Practitioner led Clinic
Nursing
Nutrition
Obstetrics
Obstetrics - Gynaecology
Occasional child care
Occupational Medicine
Occupational therapy
Ophthalmology
Optometry
Oral medicine
Oral surgery
Orthodontic
Orthopaedic surgery
Osteopathy
Outpatients
Outreach Service
Outside school hours care
Paediatric Cardiology
Paediatric Clinical Genetics
Paediatric Clinical Pharmacology
Paediatric Dentistry
Paediatric Dermatology
Paediatric Endocrinology
Paediatric Haematology
Paediatric Immunology
Allergy
Paediatric Infectious diseases
Paediatric intensive care medicine
Paediatric Medical Oncology
Paediatric Medicine
Paediatric Nephrology
Paediatric Neurology
Paediatric Nuclear Medicine
Paediatric Rehabilitation Medicine
Paediatric Rheumatology
Paediatric Sleep Medicine
Paediatric Surgery
Paediatric Thoracic Medicine
Palliative Medicine
Pathology - Clinical Chemistry
Pathology - General
Pathology - Genetics
Pathology - Haematology
Pathology - Immunology
Pathology - Microbiology
Patient transport
Periodontic
Personal alarms-alerts
Personal care for older persons
Personal fitness training
Pharmacy
Physical activity group
Physical activity programs
Physical fitness testing
Physiotherapy
Pilates
Placement Protection
Planned activity groups
Plastic - Reconstructive Surgery
Playgroup
Podiatry
Primary education
Problem gambling counselling
Prosthetics - Orthotics
Prosthodontic
Psychiatry
Psychology
Public Health Medicine
Public rental housing
Quit program
Radiation oncology
Reflexology
Refugee Health Clinic
Rehabilitation Medicine
Reiki
Relationship counselling
Relaxation therapy
Respite care
Rheumatology
School nursing
Secondary education
Sexual assault counselling
Sexual health
Shiatsu
Sleep Medicine
Social Support
Social Work
Speech pathology-therapy
Spiritual Counselling
Sporting club
Support groups
Surgery - General
Telephone Counselling
Thoracic medicine
Toy library
Training - vocational education
Translating Services
Trauma counselling
Urogynaecology
Urology
Vascular surgery
Veterans Services
Victims of crime counselling
Vocational Rehabilitation
Western herbal medicine
Womens Health Clinic
Yoga
Youth drop in-assistance-support
Location:
Type a minimum of three characters then press UP or DOWN on the keyboard to navigate the autocompleted search results
Use my location
Find a doctor
Need to find a doctor in your local area? Take a look at the general practitioners entry in the health services directory.
Find a doctor
Recent Activity
7 people have watched a video today
Health topics
Conditions and treatments
Healthy living
Services and support
Explore
Recipes
Healthy pantry
Videos
Consumer medicine information
Multilingual health information - Health Translations Directory
About
About us
Accessibility
Content partners
Privacy
Terms of use
Contact us
Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Page last reviewed: 31 May 2014
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au:443/conditionsandtreatments/bones-muscles-and-joints/foot-care-podiatrists
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au:443/about/privacy
Privacy Statement
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au:443/about/terms-of-use
Copyright Notice
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au:443/about/terms-of-use
Disclaimer Notice
This web site is managed and authorised by the Department of Health & Human Services, State Government of Victoria, Australia
© Copyright State of Victoria 2020.
Back to Top