https://www.icpl.org/about/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Catalog
Website
Search
Search form
Search
HomeAboutConfidentiality and Privacy
Confidentiality and Privacy
Jump to: Record Types | Third Party Vendor Privacy Policies
We are committed to protecting your privacy. We believe it is central to intellectual freedom and free speech, free thought, and free association. State Law protects Library Accounts under Iowa Code Chapter 22.
Access to your Library Account information is limited to authorized Library staff, except in the following circumstances:
A person will have access to your account if you give them your card or card number. If your card is missing, please report it to us as lost or stolen.
Your account may be given to authorities when a court order or subpoena is issued.
Third party vendors providing digital content have their own privacy policies.
It is not private information that you are in the Library or the Bookmobile. Security cameras are in use to protect the safety and security of the public, the Library and Bookmobile, and their contents.
Library programs or public meetings may be recorded or photographed.
Individual third-party websites requiring their own logins may track your behavior and share your data while accessed from our public computers.
When the value of billed items is excessive, we may share the information with a collection agency, or in extreme cases, law enforcement, in order to help retrieve items.
Children and Parents
Children may decide if they give parents access to their account.
Young adults should consider updating their account and decide if they want their parent’s contact information listed.
Parents have access to information about long overdue items that are billed on their child’s account.
Read our full Confidentiality and Privacy Policy for more information.
Record Types
We collect and retain information to provide and improve services as well as to protect the safety of our patrons, building, collection and other assets. What we keep, its purpose, and for how long we keep it is outlined below.
Category
- Any -BorrowingBuilding UseCatalog & AccountCommunicationComputers & PrintingEventsFinancialInterlibrary LoanWebsite
Format
- Any -PaperDigital
Apply
At Home Borrowing Histories Digital
To prevent sending duplicate materials. To build a profile of preferred authors and types of materials.
Kept: Until withdrawing from program
At Home Enrollment Forms Paper
Enrollment agreement to have borrowing records retained.
Kept: Until withdrawing from program
Book Discussion Sign-Up Paper
Tracks who has borrowed a book for the book discussion. Sign-up sheet includes person's name and library card number.
Kept: Until all books are returned
Book End Key Checkout Paper
Sign-out sheet for the Development Office's Book End store key; includes name of volunteer and the time the key was signed out.
Kept: 1 month
Borrower Application Paper
To help with problem resolution.
Kept: 3 months
Borrowing History Digital
Opt-in service. Borrowing History, called Reading History, creates a log of title/author information and date of transaction. Accessible by logging into the catalog. Information may be accessed by staff in case of emergency.
Kept: Indefinitely, until deleted by user
Bounced Check Information Paper
Retained for audit purposes.
Kept: 7 years
Bus Pass Database Digital
To determine if a patron has reached the limit of two passes for week.
Kept: 2 months
Calls to Library Switchboard Digital
Automatically recorded. Recordings only used if there is a conduct or safety situation. Calls are not monitored in real time.
Kept: 1 week
Chat or Email Help Requests Digital
Includes the form and chat button on the "Ask Us" web page. Users' email address, IP address are recorded. If patrons provide other personal information to the staff such as barcode, that data is also retained. Kept to help the patron as well as for analysis and statistics purposes.
Kept: 120 days
Claim of Return Emails
Digital
To help with problem resolution.
Kept: 6 weeks
Computer Activity Digital
Any files created or downloaded including browser history, browser cache, browser downloads, images, cookies, as well as files copied from flash drives are deleted when computer is logged off.
Kept: Until session ends
Computer Use Digital
Logs show who used a computer, when, and for how long. Kept for statistics and occasionally to identify people for conduct issues.
Kept: Up to 30 days
Conduct Database Digital
Informs staff about people exhibiting inappropriate conduct, helps identify repeat offenders, and keeps a record of bans. This is a public record per the City Attorney's office.
Kept: Indefinitely
Curbside sign ups Digital
Used while the Library building is closed to prepare items for curbside pickup and identify patron at the pickup time; Includes name, email, phone, library card, vehicle, other notes as provided.
Kept: Two months
Current Checkouts, Fines, & Claims-Returned Digital
Record shows items currently being borrowed, items with paid or outstanding fines, items with associated bills, and items claimed-returned.
Kept: 3 years for paid fines and bills; Indefinitely for claimed-returned
Current Interlibrary Loan Orders and Checkouts Digital
Person and title information is used to track the status of interlibrary loan requests and loans.
Kept: Until item is returned to loaning library
Deleted Social Media Posts Digital
To document posts that do not meet guidelines.
Kept: Indefinitely
Digital History Project Permission Forms and Metadata Digital
Permission forms to gain rights to display content such as images, documents, video files, etc. on our Digital History Project website. If desired by the contributor, acknowledgment will be given in the item's information on the site.
Kept: Kept indefinitely
Digital Media Lab Membership Digital
People who have taken a DML orientation. Includes name, library card number, and optional photo.
Kept: Indefinitely
Digital Media Lab Use Digital
Tracks usage of the space.
Kept: 7 days
Display Space Reservation Form Paper
Contact information for people requesting display space. Kept for statistics.
Kept: 1 year
Donor Database Digital
Donor name, contact information, amount and type of donation as well as notes about gifts received from individuals, businesses, and organizations are managed in Donor Perfect, a cloud-based donor database. Used for thanking donors for their contribution.
Kept: Indefinitely
Emails to Staff Digital
All emails to icpl.org domain are automatically archived by the City of Iowa City IT department for Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) purposes.
Kept: 3 years
Event Registration Digital
To create lists for classes and events; includes name, address, and email information.
Kept: 2 months after event has ended
Form 990 Tax Return Paper
Name, mailing address, and amount of all contributions of $5,000 or more received are required to be reported to the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) on the Iowa City Public Library Friends Foundation (ICPLFF) annual information return, Form 990. Bontrager Tax, Accounting & Consulting, LLC receives the information in order to prepare the ICPLFF Form 990. Contribution information is not available to the public on the required public copy of the annual Form 990 available in the Development Office.
Kept: Seven years
Guest Computer Pass Checkout Digital
Tracks usage of the internet computers from visitors without library cards; requires name of person.
Kept: 1 week
Holds Information Digital
Record of unfilled holds and holds awaiting pickup.
Searchable by patron or title.
Kept: Until filled or cancelled
ILS and Catalog Backup Data Digital
To restore patron and bibliographic databases and borrowing information if system crashed.
Kept: Weekly tape backup; Network backups for 20 days
In-House Equipment Checkout
Digital
Tracks usage of items borrowed for in-house use from public service desks; requires library card number or name of user from ID.
Kept: 1 week
Interlibrary Loan Borrowing Histories Paper
Person and title information kept for statistics and to answer questions from loaning libraries about interlibrary loan transactions.
Kept: 6 months for books and audiovisual materials; 3 years for magazine photocopies due to copyright restrictions
Jail Borrower Information Paper
Links inmate name to borrower record number. Borrower record numbers are reused due to highly mobile population. Kept to track damage and to comply with jail contract and procedures.
Kept: 3 weeks after last request from borrower
Last Borrower per Item Digital
Used to identify in case of damage, missing pieces, or personal items left in library materials.
Kept: Until item is borrowed and returned again; or until item record is deleted
Lost & Paid Items Digital
System automatically produces a note in patron's record when a billed item is paid for that includes title, author, date paid, and cost information. Kept for problem resolution.
Kept: Indefinitely
Mail holds delivery requests Digital
Requests are used to mail holds while the Library building is closed. Account information helps staff match the patron with their items. Includes name, barcode, email, phone, address, and other notes as provided.
Kept: 180 days
Meeting Room Key Sign-Out Paper
To identify person responsible in case of damage.
Kept: 1 month
Meeting Room Reservations Digital
When making meeting room reservations, required contact information includes address and phone number, with optional email address.
Kept: 1 year for public access; 2 years for staff
Nonprofit corporation records Digital
Names of volunteer board members of the Iowa City Public Library Friends Foundation (ICPLFF) are maintained in the board minutes as required by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS).
Kept: Indefinitely
Notes on Questions from Patrons Paper
Kept while staff conduct research or if need to follow up with patron.
Kept: Until communicated to patron
Online donation database Digital
Donor name, contact information, amount of donation, credit card number and expiration date as well as security code, are processed online through Greater Giving, a cloud-based donor database. Greater Giving is in compliance with the Payment Card Industry (PCI) Data Security Standard.
Kept: Indefinitely
Online Interlibrary Loan Requests Digital
Contact information is kept for problem resolution while the request is being processed. Record of the request is retained for the next 180 for analysis by our selection team, but no patron information is associated with the request after 120 days of resolution.
Kept: 120 days after request resolved for patron information; 180 days for ILL title information
Online Purchase Requests
Digital
Contact information is kept to follow up with a request or to place a hold once item is purchased. Record of the request is retained for the next 6 months for analysis by our selection team, but no patron information is associated with the request after 120 days.
Kept: 120 days after request resolved for patron information; 6 months for purchase request information
Patron Record Digital
Patron records contain contact information such as address, phone number, and email address. Records are purged annually. Records with less than $20 in fines are removed after 3 years of inactivity. Records with less than $200 in fines are removed after 7 years of inactivity. Records with less than $500 are removed after 10 years of inactivity.
Kept: Varies
Recorded Phone Conversations Digital
Calls are recorded when public makes threats or when calls violate our Library Use policy.
Kept: Indefinitely
Reviews, Comments & Tags Submitted in the Catalog Digital
Opt-in service. Public can see a reviewer name associated with the review, tag, or comment. Reviewer name is either chosen by the user or a system generated number. Staff can identify reviewer by associated patron number from the integrated library system.
Kept: Indefinitely, unless deleted by reviewer
Security Camera Video Digital
Used to identify behavior associated with incident reports. Images related to incident reports may be saved indefinitely on networked computer drive. This is public record per the City Attorney's office.
Kept: Between 7 and 42 days
Server Logs Digital
Servers regularly log data. Logs are not used or examined on a regular basis. Kept for routine network administration needs, including diagnostics. May contain IP or MAC addresses of users.
Kept: Varies from days to months depending on the server
Special event guest lists Digital
Name, phone, and email of guests at special fundraising events hosted by the ICPLFF are retained on Development Office computers in case it is necessary to contact guests prior to the event. A paper list of guest names is prepared for use at the event.
Kept: Seven years
Staff Picks...Just for You requests Digital
Requests are used by staff to give personalized recommendations. Includes email, item types and interests, and other notes as provided.
Kept: 180 days
Study Room Checkout Digital
Tracks usage of study rooms; requires library card number or name of user from ID
Kept: 1 week
Teen Center Sign-In
Digital
Teens sign-in to use the Teen Center, noting their name and arrival time.
Kept: 1 week
Third Party Providers Digital
Third party vendors provide some library services and content, such as eBooks, summer reading program registrations, and online learning resources. These vendor's privacy and confidentiality polices may differ from ours. Patrons should consult the third party privacy section for more info.
Kept: Varies depending on the service provider
Wifi Usage Digital
Logged for maintenance and statistics. Not actively monitored or saved. Logs contain amount of data used, access times and the device's MAC address, but do not contain the type or source of the data.
Kept: Varies, generally several months
Wishlists Digital
Opt-in service. Wishlists, known as My Lists, allows users to save items in the catalog for later viewing. Accessible by logging into the catalog. Notice is provided that information may be accessible to staff.
Kept: Indefinitely, unless deleted by user
Third Party Vendor Privacy Policies
Our Confidentiality and Privacy Policy may not extend to the services and content we offer through third party vendors, which range from digital collections to reference resources to some of our background systems. If you use library services provided through these companies, your interaction is subjected to the privacy policies and confidentiality practices of that specific vendor. Check their privacy statements to learn more about what data they store and how they use it.
Adobe
Ancestry/Heritage Quest
Beanstack
Brainfuse
City of Iowa City
Consumer Reports
DonorPerfect
Encyclopedia Britannica
ESCBO
FamilySearch
Gale Cengage
Google Analytics
Greater Giving
ImOn
Innovative
Kanopy
Learning Express
Mango Languages
Mediacom
Morningstar
NewsBank
Newspaper Archives
The New York Times
OCLC
OverDrive
OverDrive also uses Kindle (Amazon) for some ebook formats
ProQuest
RB Digital
Sage Publications
Sprint
Tumblebooks
Unique Management Services
Value Line