http://www.realprincess.com/privacy
Toggle navigation
About
About Kidoons
Properties
Campaigns
Reach Us
Shop
On Stage
Productions
Online Series
Series
Characters
Heroes
Partners
Sponsors
News & Schedule
News
Events
Email Offers
Privacy Policy
Introduction
This Policy of privacy and practices applies to Kidoons, and its web site(s).
In an era in which technology increasingly facilitates the circulation and exchange of information, we have established certain guidelines to govern the collection, use and disclosure of personal information in a manner that recognizes the right of privacy of individuals with respect to their personal information, and the need of our site and associated services to collect, use or disclose personal information for purposes that a reasonable person would consider appropriate in the circumstances.
What This Policy Covers & Definitions
This policy covers how this website treats personal information that it collects and receives, including information related to your past use of this site.
"Personal information" is information about you that is personally identifiable like your name, home address, personal email address, or phone number, that is not otherwise publicly available.
"Personal information" does not include the name, title or business address or telephone number or email address of an employee of an organization.
This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Kidoons does not own or control, or to people that Kidoons does not employ or manage.
Information Collected
Kidoons may collect personal information when you register with us or our website, email, or database services, or when you use our services.
We respect our clients and their information, and do not collect any more personal information than reasonably necessary to enable them to learn about, request or participate in the services we offer, and to provide those services.
We ask you, as our client, to provide this information so that our database may have the most complete information concerning our patrons, and to facilitate certain services (such as: email list management). Once you register as a client with us, and sign in to any of our services, you are not necessarily anonymous to us.
Kidoons may collect information about any events, offerings, products or services you may register or publicize with us.
Unsubscribing
Regarding email and internet Public Relations, our policy is to provide means for all recipients to automatically, on demand, "Unsubscribe" – to remove themselves from being emailed by our databased lists; direct requests for us to do so manually will be executed within a reasonable time.
All email addresses provided to us by our clients or any third parties for dissemination are presumed to have been vetted for opt-in permission, Lawful Use, and acceptance of email materials.
Information Use, Disclosure, and Sharing: Adults
Kidoons does not rent, sell, or share personal information with nonaffiliated companies except to provide products or services, or when we have your permission, or under the following circumstances:
Email addresses may be shared with our third party suppliers and partners, for those who have opted (given permission) to receive information from third parties.
To respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or may be impelled to use information to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims, to debt collection, or to communicate with a barrister, solicitor, notary advocate or judge.
If we find it necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud or law contravention, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, health threats, emergency, violations of our terms of use, or as otherwise required by law.
It is used for statistical purposes, where individual consent is impractical and the information is used in such a way as to ensure the confidentiality of individual private information.
By necessity we share information with those who provide support for the internal operations of the web sites, our products, and our services, and our agents (e.g., contractors who provide fulfillment services or technical support to the web sites, database management, or any products or services). We may provide or limit access to personal information to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs.
Cookies
Kidoons may set and access cookies for websites or online services on your computer. This is standard personalization practice in web services, and is a function that can easily be disabled by recipients or visitors by turning off their web browser’s cookies. Note that visitors with disabled cookies may not receive adequate or full functionality of database-driven or other online services or websites.
Questions, Suggestions, and Requests for Information
You may contact us to request information
Campaigns
Productions
Routes
Characters
Series
Partners
Sponsors
About |
Properties |
News |
Events |
Email Offers
Shop |
Reach Us |
Privacy Policy |
Terms of Use
Website contents © Kidoons Network. All rights reserved.
Logograph | Development © Logograph for licensed use only. www.logograph.com