http://www.progress.org/privacy
Support Progress.orgThank you! Your submission has been received!Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the formHomeAboutAuthorsMembershipTopicsPrivacyPrivacy PolicyWe believe that every individual (“you”, “your”) who uses websites and apps (“our products and services”) produced by Progress.org (“we”, “us”, “our”) owns their own data. Therefore, we respect and are committed to protecting your privacy as you use our products and services. This privacy policy covers how we treat personal information that is either collected or received.Disclosures and TransfersWe will not disclose your personally-identifying information to third parties, except when one or more of the following conditions is true:You ask for us to transfer it back to you for whatever purpose you choose;We have your explicit permission to make the disclosure;The disclosure is required by law;The information in question is publicly available;The disclosure is to entities providing services on our behalf, but only if such disclosure is necessary for the provision of such services and as long as said service providers take reasonable precautions to safeguard your privacy (such as network database providers);The disclosure is reasonably related to the sale or disposition of all or part of our business in the event of a sale, provided that this Privacy Policy remains in place; orThe disclosure is reasonably necessary for the establishment or defense of legal claims;We don’t rent, sell, or give away personally-identifying information to third parties for marketing purposes. We may anonymize your data and use anonymized aggregate data for statistical, analytical, and/or research-related purposes.Data SecurityWe take your security seriously and take reasonable steps to protect your information. To prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use and confidentiality of information, either for its own purposes or on behalf of our clients, we have put in place strong physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we process. However, we cannot guarantee the security of information transmitted via the Internet or stored by our customers.Data IntegrityWe process personal information only in ways compatible with the purpose for which it was collected or subsequently authorized by you. To the extent necessary for such purposes, we take reasonable steps to make sure that personal information is accurate, complete, current, and otherwise reliable with regard to its intended use.Access and CorrectionYour ability to manage the data stored by us is controlled by you. If you become aware that the information we maintain about you is inaccurate, or if you would like to update or review your information, you may contact us and we will take reasonable steps to work with you to correct the problem. You will need to provide sufficient identifying information, and we may request additional identifying information as a security precaution.CookiesCookies are small bits of data that are stored on your hard drive. We occasionally use cookies to provide you with a more fluid user experience.Enforcement and Dispute ResolutionWe utilize the self-assessment approach to assure its compliance with our privacy statement. We periodically verify that the policy is accurate, comprehensive for the information intended to be covered, prominently displayed, completely implemented, and in conformity with our ethical principles. We encourage interested persons to raise any concerns with us using the contact information below. We will investigate and attempt to resolve complaints and disputes regarding use and disclosure of personal information in accordance with the principles contained in this policy. If you would like to speak to us about your information, or if you have a concern about information we have collected or stored, please contact us here. We will do our best to respond to you in a timely and professional manner to answer your questions and resolve your concerns.Privacy Policy ChangesThese terms of service and this privacy statement may be changed from time to time. We will post any revised policy on this website, or a similar website that replaces this website.Last updated: April 23, 2019© Copyright 1997-, Progress.org. All rights reserved.