http://www.cafonline.com/total-africa-cup-of-nations/cookie-policy
Cookie Policy
Confédération Africaine de Football (CAF)
3 Abdel Khalek Sarwat Street,El Hay El Motamayez
6TH OCTOBER CITY
EGYPT
We use Cookies and similar technologies in order to distinguish You from other users. By using Cookies, We are able to provide You with a better experience and to improve the CAF Digital Platforms by better understanding how You use them. Please read this Cookie Policy carefully and ensure that You understand it. Your acceptance of Our Cookie Policy is deemed to occur if You continue using the CAF Digital Platforms or when You press the “accept” button on Our Cookie pop-up.
This Cookie Policy has been drafted in English and has been translated into other languages. In the event of any discrepancy between the English and the translated texts, the English text shall prevail and be used to solve doubts of interpretation.
Date of issue of this Cookie Policy: June 2019
What are Cookies?
For any definition used in this Cookie Policy, please refer to Our Terms located at https://www.cafonline.com/legal/terms-of-service, Our Privacy Policy https://www.cafonline.com/legal/privacy-policy and the following:
“Cookie” means small data files, which are transferred to a computer’s hard disk in order to memorize information like registration IDs and passwords. A Cookie will typically contain the name of the domain from which the Cookie has originated, the “lifetime” of the Cookie and various values. The Cookies are placed on your computer or device by the CAF Digital Platforms when you visit certain parts of the CAF Digital Platforms and/or when You use certain features of the CAF Digital Platforms;
“Cookie Law” means the relevant parts of the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003, EU Regulation 2016/679 General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), the Swiss Telecommunications Act and Ordinance and other applicable laws in this context.
How do the CAF Digital Platforms use Cookies and web analytic tools?
When you visit the CAF Digital Platforms, we will use Cookies to collect information. CAF Cookies are those placed directly by us and are used only by us. We have carefully chosen these Cookies and have taken steps to ensure that your privacy and personal data is protected and respected at all times. Third parties that are presenting advertisements on or within the CAF Digital Platforms may also set and use Cookies to access your computer. Please refer specifically to each third-party website and statements of Cookies to understand their procedures for collecting, using and disclosing personal information through their Cookies. All Cookies used by and on the CAF Digital Platforms are used in accordance with current Cookie Law. We also use Cookies which are strictly necessary. A Cookie falls into this category if it is essential to the operation of the CAF Digital Platforms, supporting functions such as logging in, your shopping basket, shipping details and payment transactions.
The CAF Digital Platforms also use web analytic tools. Web analytic tools refer to a set of tools used to collect and analyze anonymous usage information, enabling us to better understand how the CAF Digital Platforms are used. This enables us to track how you reach and use the CAF Digital Platforms and to improve the CAF Digital Platforms and the Services offered through them. The web analytic tools used by the CAF Digital Platforms also use Cookies to gather the required information.
Technical Cookies and Cookies serving aggregated statistical purposes
Activity strictly necessary for the functioning of the Service
CAF Digital Platforms uses Cookies to save the user's session and to carry out other activities that are strictly necessary for the operation of CAF Digital Platforms, for example in relation to the distribution of traffic.
Activity regarding the saving of preferences, optimization, and statistics
CAF Digital Platforms uses Cookies to save browsing preferences and to optimize the user's browsing experience. Among these Cookies are, for example, those used for the setting of language and currency preferences or for the management of first party statistics employed directly by the CAF of the site.
Other types of Cookies or third parties that install Cookies
Some of the services listed below collect statistics in an anonymized and aggregated form and may not require the consent of the User or may be managed directly by the CAF- depending on how they are described - without the help of third parties.
If any third party operated services are listed among the tools below, these may be used to track Users’ browsing habits – in addition to the information specified herein and without the Owner’s knowledge. Please refer to the privacy policy of the listed services for detailed information.
Advertising
This type of service allows user Data to be utilized for advertising communication purposes displayed in the form of banners and other advertisements on CAF Digital Platforms, possibly based on User interests.
This does not mean that all personal data are used for this purpose. Information and conditions of use are shown below.
Some of the services listed below may use Cookies to identify Users or they may use the behavioral retargeting technique, i.e. displaying ads tailored to the User’s interests and behavior, including those detected outside CAF Digital Platforms. For more information, please check the privacy policies of the relevant services.
In addition to any opt-out offered by any of the services below, the User may opt out of a third-party service's use of cookies for certain advertising features by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
Users may also opt-out of certain advertising features through applicable device settings, such as the device advertising settings for mobile phones or ads settings in general.
Google Ad Manager (Google Ireland Limited)
Google Ad Manager is an advertising service provided by Google Ireland Limited that allows the Owner to run advertising campaigns in conjunction with external advertising networks that the Owner, unless otherwise specified in this document, has no direct relationship with. In order to opt out from being tracked by various advertising networks, Users may make use of Youronlinechoices. In order to understand Google's use of data, consult Google's partner policy.
This service uses the “DoubleClick” Cookie, which tracks use of CAF Digital Platforms and User behavior concerning ads, products and services offered.
Users may decide to disable all the DoubleClick Cookies by going to: Google Ad Settings.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: Ireland – Privacy Policy. Privacy Shield participant.
Analytics
The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior.
Google Analytics (Google Ireland Limited)
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Ireland Limited (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of CAF Digital Platforms, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.
Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: Ireland – Privacy Policy – Opt Out. Privacy Shield participant.
Hosting and backend infrastructure
This type of service has the purpose of hosting Data and files that enable CAF Digital Platforms to run and be distributed as well as to provide a ready-made infrastructure to run specific features or parts of CAF Digital Platforms.
Some services among those listed below, if any, may work through geographically distributed servers, making it difficult to determine the actual location where the Personal Data are stored.
Akamai Content Delivery Network (Akamai Technologies, Inc.)
Akamai is a hosting service provided by Akamai Technologies, Inc.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy. Privacy Shield participant.
How to provide or withdraw consent to the installation of Cookies
In addition to what is specified in this document, the User can manage preferences for Cookies directly from within their own browser and prevent – for example – third parties from installing Cookies.
Through browser preferences, it is also possible to delete Cookies installed in the past, including the Cookies that may have saved the initial consent for the installation of Cookies by this website.
Users can, for example, find information about how to manage Cookies in the most commonly used browsers at the following addresses:
·        Google Chrome
·        Mozilla Firefox
·        Apple Safari
·        Microsoft Internet Explorer
With regard to Cookies installed by third parties, Users can manage their preferences and withdrawal of their consent by clicking the related opt-out link (if provided), by using the means provided in the third party's privacy policy, or by contacting the third party.
Notwithstanding the above, the Owner informs that Users may follow the instructions provided on the subsequently linked initiatives by the EDAA (EU), the Network Advertising Initiative (US) and the Digital Advertising Alliance (US), DAAC (Canada), DDAI (Japan) or other similar services. Such initiatives allow Users to select their tracking preferences for most of the advertising tools. The Owner thus recommends that Users make use of these resources in addition to the information provided in this document.
Owner and Data Controller
Confédération Africaine de Football (CAF)
3 Abdel Khalek Sarwat Street, El Hay El Motamayez
6TH OCTOBER CITY (EGY)
Owner contact email: info@cafonline.com
Since the installation of third-party Cookies and other tracking systems through the services used within CAF Digital Platforms cannot be technically controlled by the Owner, any specific references to Cookies and tracking systems installed by third parties are to be considered indicative. In order to obtain complete information, the User is kindly requested to consult the privacy policy for the respective third-party services listed in this document.
Given the objective complexity surrounding the identification of technologies based on Cookies, Users are encouraged to contact the Owner should they wish to receive any further information on the use of Cookies by CAF Digital Platforms.
Definitions and legal references
Legal information
This privacy statement has been prepared based on provisions of Human Right and General Data Protection Regulation.
This privacy policy relates solely to CAF Digital Platforms, if not stated otherwise within this document.
Limitation of Liability
By accepting to use CAF’s website, the user accepts to release CAF in advance from any responsibility or liability whatsoever except for cases of fraud and willful misconduct.
Title sponsor
Home
News
Matches
Standings
2019 Edition
Facebook logo
Instagram logo
YouTube logo
Twitter logo
Down arrow icon