http://www.teensource.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Show Mobile Menu
Find a ClinicBirth ControlLong Term Birth Control MethodsBarrier MethodsHormonal Birth Control MethodsOther MethodsSTDsChlamydiaHuman Papillomavirus (HPV)GonorrheaHIV (AIDS)Hepatitis BHerpesSyphilisTrichomoniasisRelationshipsHealthy RelationshipsSexuality + Gender IdentityFamilyPeersBlogsKnow Your RightsConfidentialityAffordabilityCare During School HoursEmergency ContraceptionPregnant + Parenting TeensAccessing Services as a MinorComprehensive Sex EdVote!Consent: Yes Means Yes
Social Links
Home
»
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Article Media
The Privacy Policy is effective as of Feb 5th, 2007.OverviewTeenSource.org understands your need to maintain your privacy when using the Internet for your communication, shopping, exploration, and play. To make sure you understand our approach to online privacy issues, you MUST read this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use, as a condition to using the TeenSource.org website.TeenSource.org has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to the privacy of our users and visitors. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for our website located at www.teensource.org and any other website through which we conduct business, and which form part of the Terms of Use for this site. If you choose not to consent to this Privacy Policy, you may not use this website.1. Information We Collect and How We Use ItServer Logs. Our servers record your computer’s IP address in “server logs” when you use this site. We use these logs to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our website. Your IP address is also used to gather generalized demographic information that does not specifically identify you.Cookies. We use session cookies within certain content functionality and pages of our website. Cookies are small text files stored on your hard drive, not on our site. A session cookie can temporarily store certain information that identifies you and/or your browser to our servers in order to enable seamless interaction with the site such as automatic login for certain site areas, and/or to provide content personalized for you, etc. The cookies we use are called “session cookies,” which means that they are automatically deleted at the end of each user session. Some of our advertising partners and third party sites we link to may also use cookies. Be advised that we do not have access to or control over such third party cookies.Registration, Surveys, and Polls. If you choose to complete site registration, (“Opt in”), or participate in a poll or survey on our website, these processes may require you to give us certain information, including your email address and zip code, age, gender, race/ethnicity, demographic information, or other information. Some information may be optional. Note that you may not register or complete a survey or poll on our website unless you accept our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.We may also on occasion give you the option to comment/provide feedback or report a problem about our website after you complete a survey or poll.Personally identifying information such as an email address may be used to send you registration confirmation emails, as well as future TeenSource.org and related communications. Anonymous user demographic profile data may be shared with our business affiliates or advertisers on an individualized or aggregate basis. Personally identifying information may also be shared with unaffiliated third parties, though only with your prior consent.Voluntary Contact. If you send us information voluntarily, such as through personal correspondence or emails, or if other users or third parties send us correspondence about your activities on our site, we may collect such information. We use such information, and other information that we obtain from your use of the site services, to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, and for similar purposes. Please also note that information you volunteer in public areas of the site, such as chat rooms and bulletin boards, is not protected information, and anyone could potentially collect and use such information in ways we cannot control.We may on occasion partner with various third party companies and may gather information regarding preferences which indicate you may be interested in “opting in” to being contacted about products or services our partners may provide. This information may be made available to those companies on an individualized or aggregate basis.In addition to using your information as described above, we also may occasionally send you emails announcing special bulletins, announcements, changes in our services, and other information we believe will be of interest to you. You may opt-out of receiving these mailings at any time via the following link and “Unsubscribe” button included on each email.We cannot ensure that all of your private communications and other personally identifiable information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. For example, we may be forced to disclose information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances without your consent, or third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications. We can (and you authorize us to) disclose any information about you to law enforcement or other government officials as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose us to legal liability.2. Linked SitesFor your convenience, this website may contain links to other Internet websites. Please be aware that TeenSource.org is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other sites, which may differ significantly from our own. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by this website.3. SecurityThis site has physical, procedural and electronic security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. The servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment. Only authorized personnel have access to your information. Notwithstanding these efforts, we caution you that “perfect security” does not exist on the Internet. That’s why we also have sophisticated monitoring features on our servers that tell us if anyone was attempting to or had breached our security so we can take immediate measures against them.4. Options / Corrections / UpdatesInformation provided at the time of registration or submission from a visitor who is 12 years old and older may be used for marketing and promotional purposes by TeenSource.org and our affiliated companies. To give you control over such use of your personal information and the communications directed to you, we allow you to opt out of the following services: receiving communications from TeenSource.org about new features or services, and receiving communications about offers from third-party companies offering a product or service that we think might be of interest to you. If you object to such use for any reason, you may stop that use by opting-out in the manner described below.This site gives you the following options for removing your information from our database so as not to receive future communications or so as to withdraw from our service:You can unsubscribe at any time using the link at the bottom of each email.You can delete your registration records by sending a letter to:
Registration Records – TEENSOURCE.ORG
3600 WILSHIRE BOULEVARD, SUITE 600
LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA 90010NOTE: You must include your First Name, Last Name, Email Address, City, State, and Zip Code in order to delete your records. Upon receipt and execution of your request, you will be sent one final notification indicating the removal of your information from our records.5. Changes in Our Privacy PolicyWe reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes here so you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information, and whether we will disclose it to anyone. We will also indicate at the top of this Privacy Policy the effective date of those changes. We therefore encourage you to review this Privacy Policy on an ongoing basis so you understand our current privacy practices.6. Children Under Age 12The TeenSource.org website is intended only for users who are 12 years of age and older. If you are under the age of 12, you must exit this website now.TeenSource.org does not knowingly solicit, collect, or display personal information from anyone under the age of 12, nor does TeenSource.org knowingly allow such persons to register with or use this website. Whenever possible, we use technology safeguards to prevent our collection of information from children under 12.7. Contacting the WebsiteIf you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, you can contact:TEENSOURCE.ORG 3600 WILSHIRE BOULEVARD, SUITE 600
LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA 90010
teensourceorg@gmail.com8. For Your InformationIt is a good idea to be informed about protecting your privacy on the Internet. The following is a partial or sample list of websites which provide helpful information on the subject:Better Business Bureau (BBB) http://www.bbb.org/us/bbb-online-business/Center for Democracy and Technology - Guide to Online Privacy http://www.cdt.org/privacy/guide/Department of Education: Parents Guide to the Internet http://www.ed.gov/pubs/parents/internet/Direct Marketing Association (DMA) http://www.the-dma.org/Electronic Frontier Foundation - non-profit dedicated to protecting public interest in online privacy.
http://www.eff.orgEPIC.org (Electronic Privacy Information Center)
http://epic.org/Federal Trade Commission http://www.ftc.gov/NetCoalition http://www.netcoalition.comNetwork Advertising Initiative http://www.networkadvertising.org/Online Privacy Alliance http://www.privacyalliance.org/The Privacy Rights Clearinghouse http://www.privacyrights.orgTRUSTe http://www.truste.org/
TeenSource Tip of the Week
Holiday romance movies may be fun but are not always the best example of a healthy relationship.
Text "TEENSOURCE" to 877877 to Signup
Get weekly sex info and life advice sent to you every week! You can also find the nearest clinic to you for low to no cost sexual health services. Message and data rates may apply. Text STOP to opt out. Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Click here to learn more.
© Copyright 2015-2020. All Rights Reserved.
The images used on this website are for illustrative purposes only.
Any person depicted in these images is a model.
Mobile Menu
Find a Clinic
Birth Control
Show submenu
Long-Term Reversible Methods
Barrier Methods
Hormonal Methods
Other Methods
Get Free Condoms
STDs
Show submenu
Chlamydia
Human Papillomavirus (HPV)
Gonorrhea
Hepatitis B
Herpes
HIV (Aids)
Syphilis
Trichomoniasis
Relationships
Show submenu
Healthy Relationships
Sexuality + Gender Identity
Family
Peers
Blog
Know Your Rights
Show submenu
Confidentiality
Affordability
Care During School Hours
Emergency Contraception
Pregnant and Parenting Teens
Accessing Services as a Minor
Comprehensive Sex Ed
Consent: Yes Means Yes
Search Terms