http://www.hardyboyscasefiles.com/privacy.php
HARDY BOYSENCYCLOPEDIA
SERIES
MYSTERIES
CASEFILES
CLUES BROTHERS
UNDERCOVER BROTHERS
SECRET FILES
ADVENTURES
CLUE BOOKS
TELEVISION
ENCYCLOPEDIA
FORUMS
ABOUT
LINKS
Privacy Policy
Hardyboyscasefiles.com ("HBC") is part of SkyWarp Productions ("SWP"), which has adopted a set of Privacy Principles (http://www.hardyboyscasefiles.com/privacy.php) applicable to all its U.S.-based websites. SWP has implemented those Principles in this Privacy Policy, which describes how we collect, use, and share personally identifiable information ("PII") we obtain from and about individuals located in the U.S., both online and off-line.
HBC is a general audience web site, and does not knowingly collect PII from children under 13 years of age.
From time to time SWP may revise this Privacy Policy to reflect industry initiatives or changes in the law, our PII collection and use practices, and the features of our web sites or technology. If we make revisions that change the way we collect or use your PII, those changes will be posted in the Privacy Policy. Therefore, you should review it periodically so that you are up to date on our most current policies and practices. If SWP materially changes its practices regarding collection or use of your PII, your PII will continue to be governed by the Policy under which it was collected unless you have been provided notice of and have not objected to the change.
COLLECTION:
SWP collects personally identifiable information ("PII" -- that is, information such as your full name, email address, mailing address or telephone number) only in order to create or enhance our relationship with you. When we collect PII from you, it is because you voluntarily submit the information to us in order to participate in activities like sweepstakes, contests, games, surveys, forums, subscription registrations, chats or bulletin boards, in connection with content or suggestions you submit to us or because you want us to furnish you with products, services or information.
Cookies. Cookies are small bits of information that web sites place on the hard drive of your computer. Cookies remember information about your activities on sites and enable SWP or others to make your visits to our site(s) more enjoyable. For example, cookies can store your password for easy logon to a forum you have previously visited, can save your preferences for a personalized home page or can track the items you have placed in your "shopping cart" during a visit to an online store. Information about your activities on SWP sites and other non-personally identifiable information about you may also be used to limit the online ads you encounter to those believed to be consistent with your interests.
Third party advertisements displayed on SWP's sites may also contain cookies set by Internet advertising companies or advertisers. SWP does not control these advertiser cookies and visitors to our web site(s) should check the privacy policy of the Internet advertising company or advertiser to see whether and how it uses cookies (see "Notice" below for more information on third party advertisements).
You can program your computer to warn you each time a cookie is being sent or to refuse cookies completely. However, without cookies you will not have access to certain features on SWP's web site(s), such as proper forum access.
NOTICE:
SWP's web site(s) may be linked to Internet sites operated by other companies. Some of these third party sites may be co-branded with a SWP logo, even though they are not operated or maintained by SWP. SWP's web site(s) also carry advertisements from other companies. SWP is not responsible for the privacy practices of web sites operated by third parties that are linked to our site(s) or for the privacy practices of third party or national Internet advertising companies. Once you've left a SWP site via such a link or by clicking on an advertisement, you should check the applicable privacy policy of the third party or advertiser site to determine how they will handle any PII they collect from you.
SWP's web site(s) may also be linked to sites operated by companies affiliated with SWP (i.e., that are part of SkyWarp Productions). Although all SWP entities adhere to the group's Privacy Principles, visitors to those affiliated sites should still refer to their separate privacy policies and practices, which may differ in some respects from this Policy.
Some of the advertisements that appear on SWP's web site(s) are delivered to you by national Internet advertising and application companies such as DoubleClick and Amazon. These companies ultilize certain technologies to deliver advertisements and marketing messages and to collect anonymous information about your visit to our site(s), including information about the banner ads they display, any cookie they place on your computer and your IP address. To opt out of information collection by DoubleClick, or to obtain information about the technologies they use or their own privacy policy, please visit their web site at: http://www.doubleclick.com/us/about_doubleclick/privacy.
CHOICE:
SWP will not use the PII you provide to us for purposes different from the purpose for which it was submitted or share your PII with third parties that are not affiliated with SWP (i.e., not part of SkyWarp Productions), unless we obtain your permission.
USE:
SWP will use your PII provided under this Policy in a manner that is consistent with this Policy. If SWP obtains PII from a third party, such as a business partner, our use of that information is governed by this Policy.
SWP may share your PII with companies that are affiliated with us, that is part of SkyWarp Productions. Provided you have given us permission, SWP may also share your PII with advertisers and business partners that are not affiliated with SWP, but would like to send you information about their products and services. For example, some of the companies who supply prizes for SWP's contests may have special offers or promotions that might be of interest to SWP visitors. However, you will always have the opportunity to instruct us not to share your information with third parties when PII is collected. Moreover, we will never share your credit card information with third parties except those SWP uses to perform tasks (such as order fulfillment and payment processing) required to complete purchases you make through SWP web sites.
SWP employees, agents and contractors must have a legitimate business reason to obtain access to your PII. SWP may share your PII with outside contractors or agents who help us manage our information activities (i.e., sweepstakes administration, order fulfillment, statistical analyses) but they may only use your PII to provide SWP with a specific service and not for any other purpose.
SWP may also enter into agreements with outside companies that possess the technology that allows SWP to customize the advertising and marketing messages you receive on our web sites. Your non-PII and click stream data about your activities on our sites may be shared with these companies so this customization can be accomplished. These companies will not share your information with any third party or use it for any other purposes. Anonymous click stream and demographic information may also be shared with SWP's advertisers and business partners.
There may be instances when SWP may disclose PII without providing you with a choice in order to protect the legal rights of SWP, other companies within the SkyWarp Productions group or their employees, agents and contractors; to protect the safety and security of visitors to our web sites; to protect against fraud or for risk management purposes; or to comply with the law or legal process. In addition, if SWP sells all or part of its business or makes a sale or transfer of assets or is otherwise involved in a merger or business transfer, SWP may transfer your PII to a third party as part of that transaction.
SECURITY:
SWP uses reasonable administrative, technical, personnel and physical measures to safeguard PII in its possession against loss, theft and unauthorized use, disclosure or modification. In addition, SWP uses reasonable methods to make sure that PII is accurate, up-to-date and appropriately complete. Passwords and other sensitive information stored by SWP are encrypted when stored within SWP's online databases.
©1998-2020 SkyWarp Productions. Privacy Policy. Terms of Use.