http://www.handwritingforkids.com/policy.php
Enter your search terms
Submit search form
Web
www.handwritingforkids.com
Privacy Policy
Information Collection & Usage
Handwriting for Kids site will not share, sell, or otherwise divulge any information gathered on this site with unauthorized parties.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing
information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to
any personally identifiable information while on our site. Once the
user closes their browser, the cookie simply terminates. Some of our
business partners use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers).
However, we have no access to or control over these cookies. Please
refer to the privacy policies of the network for details. In the course
of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertiser may
place or recognize a unique "cookie" on your browser.
Third Party Cookies
In
the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party
advertiser may place or recognize a unique "cookie" or "web beacon" on
your browser to collect information.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit
our website. These companies may use information (not including your
name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to
this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods
and services of interest to you.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your
site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your
users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the
Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting
the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Managing Cookies
You can adjust your own personal cookie settings in your browser.
Please access your browsers "Help" section and search for "cookie" to
manage how your browser handles cookies. You should be able to do
everything from allowing all cookies to blocking all cookies