http://www.nrc.gov/reading-rm/foia/foia-privacy.html
Skip to Main Page Content
Skip to Search
Skip to Site Map Navigation
Skip to Footer Links
Home
FAQ
Glossary
Facility Locator
What's New
Site Help
Index A-Z
Contact Us
Email Updates
Listen to page
Search NRC
Report a Safety Concern
Nuclear Reactors
Power Reactors
Research & Test Reactors
Operating Reactors
New Reactors
Operator Licensing
Research Activities
Nuclear Reactor Quick Links
Nuclear Materials
Special Nuclear Material
Source Material
Byproduct Material
Med, Ind, & Academic Uses
Radium
Uranium Recovery
Fuel Cycle Facilities
Materials Transportation
Research Activities
Nuclear Materials Quick Links
Radioactive Waste
Decommissioning of Nuclear Facilities
Low-Level Waste
Waste Incidental to Reprocessing
High-Level Waste
Uranium Mill Tailings
Low-Level Waste Disposal
High-Level Waste Disposal
Storage of Spent Nuclear Fuel
Transportation of Spent Nuclear Fuel
Research Activities
Radioactive Waste Quick Links
Nuclear Security
Domestic Safeguards
Information Security
Radioactive Material Security
Required Reporting for Clearance Holders
Insider Threat Program for Licensees
Criminal History & Firearms Checks
Contact Us
Public Meetings & Involvement
The NRC Approach to Open Government
About Meetings Open to the Public
Conferences & Symposia
Documents for Comment
NRC Rules and Petitions
Facilitating Stakeholder Involvement
NRC Information Quality Guidelines
Subscribe to E-mail Updates
Commission ScheduleAdjudications (Hearings)
Public Meeting ScheduleAdjudicatory Submissions
NRC Library
Basic References
Document Collections
ADAMS Public Documents
Public Document Room
LSN Library
FOIA & Privacy Act
Photos & Video
Records Management
Training Courses
FAQ Index
Get Copies of Documents
Withholding of Sensitive Information
Controlled Unclassified Information Program (CUI)
Electronic Hearing Docket
About NRC
The Commission
Organization & Functions
Governing Legislation
Plans, Budget, & Performance
Locations
History
Values
Direction-Setting & Policymaking
Research Activities
Radiation Protection
Fire Protection
Safety Culture
How We Regulate
Emergency Preparedness & Response
Public Affairs
Congressional Affairs
Enforcement
International Programs
State & Tribal Programs
Alternative Dispute Resolution Programs
Privacy Program
Civil Rights
Contact Us
Career Opportunities
Contracting Opportunities
Small Businesses
Grant Opportunities
Generic Schedules
Print
NRC Library
Basic References
Controlled Unclassified Information Program (CUI)
Document Collections
ADAMS Public Documents
Licensing Support Network (LSN) Library
Training Courses
Public Document Room
Get Copies of Documents
FOIA & Privacy Act
Photos & Video
Records Management
Withholding of Sensitive Information
FAQ Index
Spotlight
Choose a Section
NRC COVID-19 Update
For Employees
Transformation at the NRC – Updated
RIC 2021
OIG Hotline
2020-2021 Information Digest
Community Advisory Board Meetings
Nuclear Security
Information Quality Program
Accident Tolerant Fuel
New Reactor Construction – Vogtle
Advanced Reactors
Commission Documents
New Reactor Construction
NRC Safety Culture Policy Statement
Rulemaking Activity
Seabrook Concrete Degradation
Strategic Plan
Home
> NRC Library > Freedom of Information Act & Privacy Act
Freedom of Information Act and Privacy Act
Alert
Due to COVID-19, NRC staff are working remotely and there may be additional delays in responding to FOIA requests. FOIA requests submitted by mail will not be considered received until FOIA staff is physically back in the office. Online and emailed FOIA requests for electronic records will be processed as normal and responded to electronically. Please note that if you are requesting records that are maintained by the NRC only in paper format or on microfiche, a response to your request will be delayed. As a requester you have the option to request records only if they are available to NRC staff in electronic format, understand that there will be a delay in being able to respond to your request, or you may submit your request for any records that are available to NRC staff only in paper format or in microfiche once staff has returned to normal operations.
Search FOIA
NRC Moved to FOIAOnline
The NRC's FOIA Team started using FOIAOnline, a new FOIA tracking and processing tool, in
November 2017. FOIAOnline allows requesters to create an individual account,
which tracks users' FOIA requests with the NRC and other participating
agencies.  The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) manages the
FOIAonline service for the public, all participating agencies, and requester
user accounts.  The FOIAonline Help Desk responds to all technical and
system-related issues for the public, and are available from 8:00 AM to 6:00 PM, Eastern Time, Monday-Friday.  They can be reached at (844) 238-7744 or
by filling out their email support form.
To submit a FOIA/Privacy Act request
Mail:
U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission
FOIA Officer
Mailstop: TWFN-6 A60M
Washington, DC 20555-0001
Fax: 301-415-5130
Email: FOIA.resource@nrc.gov
FOIA Request Submittal Form
Contact NRC's FOIA Public Liaison or OGIS
Questions: 301-415-7169
Related Information
Citizen's Guide to U.S. NRC Information - description of NRC's information and how to obtain it
Public Document Room
Certification of Reading Room in Compliance with the FOIA
NRC administers policies, programs, and procedures to ensure NRC compliance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) and the Privacy Act (PA) , 5 U.S.C. 552 and 5 U.S.C. 552a. NRC's regulations on public records are found in 10 CFR Part 9 of the Code of Federal Regulations. NRC's Chief Information Officer (CIO) is designated as the NRC Chief FOIA Officer.  David J. Nelson is the Chief Information Officer and the Chief FOIA Officer for the NRC.
The FOIA generally provides any person the right, enforceable in court, to obtain access to Federal agency records.
The objectives of the Privacy Act are to restrict disclosure of personally identifiable records maintained by Federal agencies, grant individuals rights of access to agency records maintained on themselves, grant individuals the right to seek amendment of agency records maintained on themselves, and to require agencies to comply with statutory norms for collection, maintenance, and dissemination of records.
For more information related to the FOIA and Privacy Act, see the following:
Access to Records Without a FOIA Request [5 U.S.C 552(a)(1) & (2)]
FOIA Reading Room – FOIA Reports, FOIA Request Logs, and Closed Requests
What to include in a FOIA request, how to submit the request, and how NRC will process the request
Processing Fees - detailed explanation of our FOIA and Privacy Act processing fees and fee waivers
FOIA Desk Guide
Privacy Act Request Guide - what to include in a Privacy Act request, how to submit the request,
and how NRC will process the request
To receive information from the NRC FOIA program, subscribe to our distribution list.
For more information on the U.S. Federal government's FOIA programs, visit the Office of Information Policy, U.S. Department of Justice.
Page Last Reviewed/Updated Monday, October 05, 2020
Home
News Releases
Event Reports
ADAMS
Open Gov
Digital Government
The Student Corner
Photos & Video
For Developers
About Us
Strategic Plan
Budget & Performance
Agency Financial Report
License Fees
History of the NRC
Career Opportunities
NRC Ethics
Agency Status
Contact Us
Popular Documents
Info Digest
Fact Sheets & Brochures
Forms
Electronic Submittals Application
Adjudicatory Submissions
NRC Reports – NUREG
NRC Regulations – 10-CFR
Inspection Reports
Plain Writing
Enforcement Actions
RULEMAKING
Stay Connected
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Flickr
LinkedIn
Blog Archived
GovDelivery
RSS
Regulations.gov USA.gov FOIA No Fear EEO Inspector General Program
Site Map Accessibility Privacy Policy Site Disclaimer For Employees