http://www.multiplication.com/help/terms-of-use
Terms of Use 1. ACCEPTANCE OF TERMSThank you for your interest in using the multiplication.com online services operated by IXL Learning, Inc. (hereafter called "IXL"). These Terms of Service govern your use of the multiplication.com online and/or mobile services, websites, and software provided on or in connection with the service (collectively, the “Service”), which are offered through (i) www.multiplication.com and (ii) third party providers of educational services, such as schools, school districts, or teachers (collectively referred to as “Schools”) that use our services for educational purposes. IXL may also offer certain physical books, flashcards, and other physical educational products (collectively, the “Products”) for sale through the www.multiplication.com website. Products are sold subject to your acceptance of these Terms and Conditions.By accessing or using our Service, or by clicking a button or checking a box marked “I Agree” (or something similar), you signify that you have read, understood and agree to be bound by these Terms of Service (the “Agreement”), and to the collection and use of your information as set forth in our Privacy Policy www.multiplication.com/help/new-privacy-policy, whether or not you are a registered user of our Service.   If you are a parent, teacher or other adult permitting a person under age 18 to use the Service (“Minor”), then you (a) represent that you have the authority to bind the Student to this Agreement and (b) agree on behalf the Student to this Agreement.  If you are Minor then you agree to be bound do this Agreement to the full extent permitted by law.  IXL reserves the right to modify this Agreement so long as it provides notice of these changes to you as described below. This Agreement applies to all visitors, users, and others who access or otherwise use the Service (“you” or “Users”).  If you open an account on behalf of a School, company, organization, or other entity, then “you” includes you and that entityPLEASE READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY TO ENSURE THAT YOU UNDERSTAND EACH PROVISION.  THIS AGREEMENT CONTAINS A MANDATORY INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION AND CLASS ACTION/JURY TRIAL WAIVER PROVISION THAT REQUIRES THE USE OF ARBITRATION ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS TO RESOLVE DISPUTES, RATHER THAN JURY TRIALS OR CLASS ACTIONS.2. THE SERVICEThe Service helps its users to learn and practice mathematics, and more specifically multiplication. Unless explicitly stated otherwise, any existing, new or improved features to the Service shall be provided subject to this Agreement. You understand and agree that the Service is provided "as-is" and that IXL assumes no responsibility for any mistakes, errors, or omissions, including any unavailability of the Service or deletion or loss of any data relating to the Service.IXL grants you a personal, non-transferable and non-exclusive right and license to use the Service. You agree that you will not copy, modify, create a derivative work of, reverse engineer, reverse assemble or otherwise attempt to discover any source code, or sell, assign, sublicense, grant a security interest in or otherwise transfer any right in the Service, except to Minors as expressly permitted in Section 3. You agree not to modify the Service in any manner or form, or to use modified versions of the Software, including (without limitation) for the purpose of obtaining unauthorized access to the Service. You agree not to access the Service by any means other than through the interface that is provided by IXL for use in accessing the ServiceIn order to use the Service, you must obtain access to the Internet, either directly or through devices that access web-based content, and pay any service fees or other costs associated with such access. In addition, you must provide all equipment necessary to make such connection to the Internet, including a computer and modem or other access device.3. ELIGIBILITY AND AUTHORITYSchools and other Users who are adults may register for and/or purchase Service by establishing a membership account as described on the multiplication.com website.  A registered User (sometimes referred to as a “member”) may then grant access to one or more Minors or adults under the User’s account subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Schools may grant access to the Service under their accounts to Minors and adults who are the School’s students (“Students”).  Other registered users may grant access to the Service under their accounts to Minors for whom the registered user is a parent or guardian. Minors who gain access to the Service under the account of a registered User shall be bound by these terms and conditions to the extent permitted by applicable law.Minors may not register or pay for the Service using their own account.  Minors who visit the multiplication.com website as unregistered users may use the Service subject to this Agreement if and only if they have permission of a parent, guardian or teacher.  If you are a Minor, your parent, guardian or School may impose additional rules or policies regarding the use of the Service, with which you must comply.If you open an account for the purpose of providing the Service to Students in an educational setting, you represent and warrant that you are an authorized representative of the School with the authority to bind the School to this Agreement, and that you agree to this Agreement on the School’s behalf.The U.S. Children’s Online Privacy and Protection Act (“COPPA”) requires that online service providers obtain verifiable parental consent before collecting personal information from children under 13. If you are a School providing the Service to children under 13, you represent and warrant that you have the authority to provide consent on behalf of parents for IXL to collect information from students under 13 before allowing such students to access our Service. We recommend that all Schools provide appropriate disclosures to students and parents regarding their use of service providers such as IXL and that they provide a copy of our Privacy Policy and the IXL Learning Student Data Privacy Pledge to parents.4.  YOUR REGISTRATION OBLIGATIONSIn consideration of your use of the Service, you agree to: (a) provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the Service's registration form (such information being the "Registration Data") and (b) maintain and promptly update the Registration Data to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or IXL has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, IXL has the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Service (or any portion thereof).5.  SCHOOL ACCOUNTS AND STUDENT DATAThis Section 5 applies to a School’s use of the Service.When the Service is used by a School for an educational purpose, IXL may collect or have access to Student Data that is provided by the School or by a Student.  “Student Data” is personal information that is directly related to an identifiable student and may include “educational records” as defined by the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (“FERPA”).The School or the Student, and not IXL, owns and controls the Student Data. You authorize IXL to access, collect, transmit, modify, display and store Student Data for the purpose of providing the Service and as described in this Agreement and in our Privacy Policy. Compliance with Laws. In the U.S., IXL may collect and process Student Data as a School Official with a legitimate educational interest pursuant to the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (“FERPA”), 20 U.S.C. § 1232(g). Individually and collectively, we and Schools registered as Users agree to uphold our obligations under FERPA, COPPA, the Protection of Pupil Rights Amendment (“PPRA”), applicable State laws relating to student data privacy, and with all other laws and regulations governing the protection of personal information.Use of Student Data. By submitting or providing us access to Student Data, you agree that IXL may use the Student Data solely for the purposes of (i) providing the Service, (ii) improving and developing our Service, (iii) enforcing our rights under these Terms, and (iv) as permitted with the School’s or the User’s consent.Use of De-Identified or Anonymized Student Data.  You agree that both before and after the term of the Agreement, IXL may collect, analyze and use data derived from Student Data as well as data about users’ access and use of the Service, for the purpose of operating, analyzing, improving or marketing the Service, developing new products or services, conducting research or other purposes, provided that IXL may not share or publicly disclose information that is derived from Student Data unless such data is de-identified and/or anonymized such that it cannot reasonably identify a specific individual.Use of Personal Information for Marketing.  You agree that IXL may provide customized content, advertising, and commercial messaging to school, teacher or district administrative users and other non-student users from time to time, provided that such advertisements will not be based on Student Data. For emphasis, and without limitation, IXL will never use Student Data to engage in targeted advertising. Disclosure of Student Data and Third-Party Service Providers. You acknowledge and agree that IXL may provide access to Student Data to our employees and service providers, which have a legitimate need to access such information in order to provide their services to us.  We and our employees, affiliates, service providers, or agents involved in the handling, transmittal, and processing of Student Data will be required to maintain the confidentiality of such data. IXL shall not share Student Data with third parties other than as described in this Agreement and in the IXL Privacy Policy, or with consent of the School or parent.Student Data Access and Deletion Requests. You may request that we delete Student Data in our possession at any time by providing such a request in writing, and we shall comply with such request within thirty (30) days, except that IXL shall not be required to delete content a Student shared to public areas of the Service or content a Student has saved to a personal family account on the Service. A parent or Student over the age of 18 seeking to access, modify, correct, or delete personal information in a student account that is connected to a School account will be instructed to contact the School to discuss data deletion or modification.  IXL is not required to delete data that has been derived from Student Data if such data is de-identified and/or anonymized such that it cannot reasonably identify a specific individual.Data Security and Breach Notification. We have implemented administrative, physical and technical safeguards designed to secure the personal information in IXL’s possession and control from unauthorized access, disclosure and use. In the event that an unauthorized party gains access to or has been disclosed personal information (a “Security Event”), that we have collected or received through the Service under this Agreement, we will promptly notify the School. If, due to a Security Event which is caused by the acts or omissions of IXL or its agents, a notification to an individual, organization or government agency is required under applicable privacy laws, the School shall be responsible for the timing, content, and method of any such legally-required notice and compliance with such laws and IXL shall indemnify the School for reasonable costs related to legally-required notifications. With respect to any Security Event which is not caused by the acts or omissions of IXL or its agents, IXL shall reasonably cooperate with School’s investigation of the Security Event, as School requests, at School’s reasonable expense, but IXL shall not indemnify a School for costs associated with the Security Event. IXL shall be responsible for the timing, content, cost and method of notice and compliance with such laws as they relate to users that are not associated with a School account.  6. MEMBERSHIP AND BILLINGThe Service has different tiers of membership accounts that may change from time to time. Membership tiers may include a free tier with limited features and functionality (“Free Account”) and one or more premium tiers with additional features and functionality (“Premium Account”).The membership accounts may be subject to limitations on the number and type of persons who may use the Service under the account.You can find specific details regarding your membership with IXL at any time. Simply sign in to your account, go to the Membership tab, and click Manage Your Account. You may also contact IXL with any questions that you may have by contacting us.The following information applies to Premium Accounts.Billing and Automatic Renewals.MEMBERSHIP SUBSCRIPTION RENEWAL FEES WILL BE AUTOMATICALLY CHARGED TO YOUR CARD ON FILE EACH SUBSCRIPTION PERIOD (MONTHLY OR YEARLY), UNTIL YOU CANCEL.By starting your membership, you are expressly agreeing that we are authorized to charge you the membership fee associated with the type of membership (e.g., monthly or yearly) you chose during registration. Thereafter, we will automatically renew your subscription on each (e.g., monthly or yearly) anniversary of your subscription date, and as authorized by you by checking the box demonstrating your consent for automatic renewals of your subscription during the sign-up process, we will charge your then-current payment method (or to a different payment method if you change your account information) associated with your account with the applicable then-current fee and any sales or similar taxes that may be imposed. Please note that prices and charges are subject to change with notice. As used in this Agreement, "billing" shall indicate either a charge or debit, as applicable, against your Payment Method.You acknowledge that the amount billed each billing period may vary for reasons that include differing amounts due to changes in your membership plan, and you authorize us to charge your payment method for such varying amounts. Payments are nonrefundable and there are no refunds or credits for partially used periods. We may change the fees and charges in effect, or add new fees and charges from time to time, but we will give you advance notice of these changes by e-mail. If you want to use a different Payment Method or if there is a change in Payment Method, such as your credit card validity or expiration date, you may edit your Payment Method information from your Account management page. To access your Account management page sign-in to your account, go to the Membership tab, and click Manage your account. If your Payment Method reaches its expiration date and you do not edit your Payment Method information or cancel your account (see, "Cancellation" below), you authorize us to continue billing that Payment Method and you remain responsible for any uncollected amounts.You must cancel your membership before it renews each billing period in order to avoid billing of the next membership fee to your Payment Method. The membership fee will be billed at the beginning of the paying portion of your membership and each month or year thereafter unless and until you cancel your membership. Sign in to your account, go to the Membership tab, and click Manage your account to see the commencement date for your next renewal period. We automatically bill your Payment Method each month or year on the calendar day corresponding to the commencement of your paying membership. Membership charges are fully earned upon payment.Note: In the event your monthly membership began on a day not contained in a given month, we bill your Payment Method on the last day of such month. For example, if you became a paying member on January 31, your Payment Method would next be billed on February 28.Cancelation. You may cancel your membership at any time, and cancellation will be effective immediately. You will continue to have access to the Service until the current billing period ends. We do not provide refunds or credits for any partially used membership periods. To cancel your membership, sign in to your account and click the words "Cancel membership" on your Account management page. Follow the instructions for cancellation under the heading "Cancel Membership."Price Changes. We reserve the right to adjust the pricing for our Service, including but not limited to membership subscription plans, in any manner and at any time as we may determine in our sole and absolute discretion. Except as otherwise expressly provided for in this Agreement, any price changes will take effect following posting or other notice to you (e.g., email).7. ACCOUNT PASSWORD AND SECURITYYou will have a password and account designation upon completing the Service's registration process. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and account and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your password or account. You agree to (a) immediately notify IXL of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security, and (b) ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. IXL cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with this Section.Accounts may not be shared by more than one person unless express authorization is given by IXL.8. USER CONTENTYou are solely responsible for any content that you create, transmit or display while using the Service.The Service or IXL may allow Users to submit, post, display, provide, or otherwise make available content such as profile information, images, music, videos, graphics, comments, questions, and other content or information (any such materials a User submits, posts, displays, provides, or otherwise makes available on the Service is referred to as “User Content”).We claim no ownership rights over User Content created by you. The User Content you create remains yours.By submitting, posting, displaying, providing, or otherwise making available any User Content on or through the Service, you expressly grant, and you represent and warrant that you have all rights necessary to grant, to IXL a royalty-free, sublicensable, transferable, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, worldwide license to use, reproduce, modify, publish, list information regarding, edit, translate, distribute, syndicate, publicly perform, publicly display, and make derivative works of all such User Content and your name, voice, and/or likeness as contained in your User Content, in whole or in part, and in any form, media or technology, whether now known or hereafter developed, for use in connection with the Service and IXL’s (and its successors’ and affiliates’) business, including without limitation for promoting and redistributing part or all of the Service (and derivative works thereof) in any media formats and through any media channels. You also hereby grant each User of the Service a non-exclusive license to access your User Content through the Service, and to use, reproduce, distribute, display and perform such User Content as permitted through the functionality of the Service and under this Agreement.You must have the legal right to the User Content you submit to the Service. You may not upload or post any User Content to the Service that infringes the copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights of a third party nor may you upload User Content that violates any third party’s right of privacy or right of publicity. You may post only User Content that you have permission to post by the by the owner or by law.IXL takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any User Content that you or any other User posts, sends or otherwise makes available over the Service. This means that you, and not IXL, are solely responsible for all User Content that you upload, post, e-mail, transmit or otherwise make available via the Service, and you agree that we are only acting as a passive conduit for your online distribution and publication of your User Content. IXL does not control the User Content posted via the Service and, as such, does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of such User Content. Under no circumstances will IXL be liable in any way for any User Content, including, but not limited to, for any errors or omissions in any User Content, or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any User Content posted, e-mailed, transmitted or otherwise made available via the Service.If you post, send, or provide User Content over the Service, you agree and represent that all such User Content is respectful and does not include any personal information, derogatory terms, sexual content, or other content that may be offensive or inappropriate for children. You may not post User Content for the purpose of bullying, intimidating, or hurting other users of the Service. You may not post User Content that violates any applicable laws or regulations. If IXL is notified or becomes aware of any User Content that, in its sole and final judgment, violates any of these guidelines, IXL may, without notice or refund, delete and/or remove such User Content from the Service and/or delete and/or remove your account and all User Content associated with your account.You understand that the technical processing and transmission of the Service, including your User Content, may involve (a) transmissions over various networks; and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices.9. COPYRIGHT COMPLAINTSIt is our policy to respond to alleged infringement notices that comply with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (“DMCA”).If you believe that your copyrighted work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement and is accessible via the Service, please notify IXL’s copyright agent as set forth in the DMCA. For your complaint to be valid under the DMCA, you must provide the following information in writing:1.            An electronic or physical signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner;2.            Identification of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed;3.            Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing and where it is located on the Service;4.            Information reasonably sufficient to permit IXL to contact you, such as your address, telephone number, and, email address;5.            A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or law; and6.            A statement, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information is accurate, and that you are the copyright owner or are authorized to act on behalf of the owner.The above information must be submitted to the following DMCA Agent:DMCA Agent; Legal DepartmentIXL Learning, Inc.777 Mariners Island Blvd.Suite 600San Mateo, CA  94404Email: legalnotices@ixl.comUNDER FEDERAL LAW, IF YOU KNOWINGLY MISREPRESENT THAT ONLINE MATERIAL IS INFRINGING, YOU MAY BE SUBJECT TO CRIMINAL PROSECUTION FOR PERJURY AND CIVIL PENALTIES, INCLUDING MONETARY DAMAGES, COURT COSTS, AND ATTORNEYS’ FEES.Please note that this procedure is exclusively for notifying IXL and its affiliates that your copyrighted material has been infringed. The preceding requirements are intended to comply with IXL’s rights and obligations under the DMCA, including 17 U.S.C. §512(c), but do not constitute legal advice. It may be advisable to contact an attorney regarding your rights and obligations under the DMCA and other applicable laws.In accordance with the DMCA and other applicable law, IXL has adopted a policy of terminating, in appropriate circumstances, Users who are deemed to be repeat infringers. IXL may also at its sole discretion limit access to the Service and/or terminate the accounts of any Users who infringe any intellectual property rights of others, whether or not there is any repeat infringement.10.  SPECIAL ADMONITIONS FOR INTERNATIONAL USERecognizing the global nature of the Internet, you agree to comply with and are solely responsible for ensuring compliance with all local laws, regulations, and rules in the jurisdiction(s) in which you reside. You agree to comply with all applicable laws regarding the transmission of data exported from the United States or the jurisdiction(s) in which you reside.11. INDEMNITYYou agree to indemnify and hold IXL, and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, co-branders or other partners, and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of (i) content you submit, post, transmit or make available through the Service, including without limitation, User Content,  (ii) your use or misuse of the Service, (iii) your connection to the Service, (iv) your violation of the Agreement, (v) your violation of any applicable law or the rights of another person or entity, (vi) your willful misconduct, or (vii) any other party’s access and use of the Service with your unique user name, password, or other appropriate security code. IXL reserves the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter for which you are required to indemnify us and you agree to cooperate with our defense of these claims.12. NO RESALE OF SERVICEYou agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or otherwise exploit for any commercial purposes, any portion of the Service, use of the Service, or access to the Service.13. NOTIFICATION PROCEDURES AND MODIFICATIONS TO AGREEMENTIXL may provide notifications, whether required or provided by law or otherwise, to you via email notice, written or hard copy notice, or through posting of such notice on our website, as determined by IXL in our sole discretion.IXL may, in its sole discretion, modify or update this Agreement from time to time, which will be reflected in the ‘date last modified’ set forth below. If we change this Agreement in a material manner, we will update the ‘Effective Date’ at the top of this page and notify you that material changes have been made to this Agreement. Your continued use of the Services following such update constitutes your acceptance of the revised Terms. If you do not agree to any of the terms in this Agreement or to any future terms in a future revision of this Agreement, do not use or access (or continue to access) the Service. Notwithstanding the foregoing, IXL shall not make any material change to the Terms that relate to the collection or use of Student Data without first giving notice to the school or parent and providing a choice before the Student Data is used in a materially different manner than was disclosed when the information was collected. Notices that are required or permitted to be sent to IXL must be sent to the following mailing address by certified mail and/or by e-mail.Legal DepartmentIXL Learning, Inc.777 Mariners Island Blvd.Suite 600San Mateo, CA  94404Email: legalnotices@ixl.com14. MODIFICATION OR TERMINATION OF SERVICEIXL reserves the right at any time and from time to time to modify or temporarily discontinue the Service (or any part thereof) with or without notice. You agree that IXL shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or temporary discontinuance of the Service. In the event of permanent discontinuance of the Service, liability is limited to the paid subscription price, pro-rated to the amount of time remaining on the subscription.You agree that IXL, in its sole discretion, may terminate your password, account (or any part thereof) or use of the Service, for any reason, including, without limitation, for lack of use or if IXL believes that you have violated or acted inconsistently with the letter or spirit of this Agreement. You agree that any termination of your access to the Service under any provision of this Agreement may be effected without prior notice, and you acknowledge and agree that IXL may immediately deactivate or delete your account and all data relating to your account and/or bar any further access to the Service. Further, you agree that IXL shall not be liable to you or any third-party for any termination of your access to the Service.15. LINKSThe Service may provide, or third parties may provide, links to other Internet websites or resources. Because IXL has no control over such sites and resources, you acknowledge and agree that IXL is not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources, and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any Content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such sites or resources. You further acknowledge and agree that IXL shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such Content, goods or services available on or through any such site or resource.16. IXL'S PROPRIETARY RIGHTSYou acknowledge and agree that the Service and any necessary software used in connection with the Service ("Software") contain proprietary and confidential information that is protected by applicable intellectual property and other laws. You further acknowledge and agree that information presented to you through the Service is protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents or other proprietary rights and laws. Except as expressly authorized by IXL or advertisers, you agree not to modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute or create derivative works based on the Service or the Software, in whole or in part.Furthermore, you understand that the Content is protected by copyright and other laws in both the United States and elsewhere. Under the terms of this agreement, it is expressly forbidden to distribute the Content or any portion thereof by any means, including but not limited to electronic and print, to any person or entity who does not have a valid account. IXL reserves the right to cancel your organization's license without refund if it is determined that you have violated this portion of the agreement.17. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIESYOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT:a. YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. IXL EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.b. IXL MAKES NO WARRANTY OR CONDITION THAT (i) THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, (ii) THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE, (iii) THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE SERVICE WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE, (iv) THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION, OR OTHER MATERIAL PURCHASED OR OBTAINED BY YOU THROUGH THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS, AND (V) ANY ERRORS IN THE SOFTWARE WILL BE CORRECTED.c. ANY MATERIAL DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE SERVICE IS DONE AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK AND THAT YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OF ANY SUCH MATERIAL.d. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM IXL OR THROUGH OR FROM THE SERVICE SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY OR CONDITION NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THE AGREEMENT.18. LIMITATION OF LIABILITYTO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL IXL, ITS AFFILIATES, AGENTS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, SUPPLIERS OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES (EVEN IF IXL HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES), RESULTING FROM: (i) THE USE OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICE; (ii) THE COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS AND SERVICES RESULTING FROM ANY GOODS, DATA, INFORMATION OR SERVICES PURCHASED OR OBTAINED OR MESSAGES RECEIVED OR TRANSACTIONS ENTERED INTO THROUGH OR FROM THE SERVICE; (iii) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR DATA; (iv) STATEMENTS OR CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY ON THE SERVICE; OR (v) ANY OTHER MATTER RELATING TO THE SERVICE.In no event shall IXL or its subsidiaries, parent companies, affiliates, licensors, contractors, employees, officers, directors, agents or third party partners’ total liability to you for all damages, losses, and causes of action arising out of or relating to this Agreement or your use of the Service (whether in contract, tort, warranty or otherwise, exceed the amount paid by you, if any, for accessing the Service during the twelve (12) months preceding your claim or one hundred dollars ($100), whichever is greater.19. EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONSSOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OR THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR CERTAIN CLAIMS OR DAMAGES SUCH AS INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. ACCORDINGLY, THE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT APPLY TO THE EXTENT PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW.20. TRADEMARK INFORMATIONMultiplication.com and the multiplication.com logo are trademarks of IXL Learning, Inc.21.  GOVERNING LAW AND VENUEYou agree that: (i) the Service shall be deemed solely based in California; and (ii) the Service shall be deemed a passive one that does not give rise to personal jurisdiction over us, either specific or general, in jurisdictions other than California. This Agreement shall be governed by the internal substantive laws of the State of California, without respect to its conflict of laws principles. The parties acknowledge that this Agreement evidences a transaction involving interstate commerce. Notwithstanding the preceding sentences with respect to the substantive law, any arbitration conducted pursuant to the terms of this Agreement shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C. §§ 1-16). As to the Service, this Agreement is a contract for the provision of services and not a contract for the sale of goods. As to the Service, the provisions of the Uniform Commercial Code (UCC), the Uniform Computer Information Transaction Act (UCITA), or any substantially similar legislation as may be enacted, shall not apply to this Agreement. If you are located outside of the territory of the United States, the parties agree that the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods shall not govern this Agreement or the rights and obligations of the parties under this Agreement.You agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the federal and state courts located in San Mateo County, California for any actions for which we retain the right to seek injunctive or other equitable relief in a court of competent jurisdiction to prevent the actual or threatened infringement, misappropriation or violation of our copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, patents, or other intellectual property or proprietary rights, as set forth in the Arbitration provision below, including any provisional relief required to prevent irreparable harm. You agree that San Mateo County, California is the proper forum for any appeals of an arbitration award or for trial court proceedings in the event that the arbitration provision below is found to be unenforceable.22.  ARBITRATIONREAD THIS SECTION CAREFULLY BECAUSE IT REQUIRES THE PARTIES TO ARBITRATE THEIR DISPUTES AND LIMITS THE MANNER IN WHICH YOU CAN SEEK RELIEF FROM IXL. For any dispute with IXL, you agree to first contact us at legalnotices@ixl.com and attempt to resolve the dispute with us informally. In the unlikely event that IXL has not been able to resolve a dispute it has with you after sixty (60) days, we each agree to resolve any claim, dispute, or controversy (excluding any claims for injunctive or other equitable relief as provided below) arising out of or in connection with or relating to this agreement, or the breach or alleged breach thereof (collectively, “Claims”), by binding arbitration by JAMS, under the Optional Expedited Arbitration Procedures then in effect for JAMS, except as provided herein. JAMS may be contacted at www.jamsadr.com. The arbitration will be conducted in San Mateo County, California, unless you and IXL agree otherwise. If you are a School or are using the Service for commercial purposes, each party will be responsible for paying any JAMS filing, administrative and arbitrator fees in accordance with JAMS rules, and the award rendered by the arbitrator shall include costs of arbitration, reasonable attorneys’ fees and reasonable costs for expert and other witnesses. If you are an individual using the Service for non-commercial purposes: (i) JAMS may require you to pay a fee for the initiation of your case, unless you apply for and successfully obtain a fee waiver from JAMS; (ii) the award rendered by the arbitrator may include your costs of arbitration, your reasonable attorney’s fees, and your reasonable costs for expert and other witnesses; and (iii) you may sue in a small claims court of competent jurisdiction without first engaging in arbitration, but this does not absolve you of your commitment to engage in the informal dispute resolution process. Any judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. Nothing in this Section shall be deemed as preventing IXL from seeking injunctive or other equitable relief from the courts as necessary to prevent the actual or threatened infringement, misappropriation, or violation of our data security, Intellectual Property Rights or other proprietary rights.23.  CLASS ACTION/JURY TRIAL WAIVERWITH RESPECT TO ALL PERSONS AND ENTITIES, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER THEY HAVE OBTAINED OR USED THE SERVICE FOR PERSONAL, COMMERCIAL OR OTHER PURPOSES, ALL CLAIMS MUST BE BROUGHT IN THE PARTIES’ INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS ACTION, COLLECTIVE ACTION, PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL ACTION OR OTHER REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING. THIS WAIVER APPLIES TO CLASS ARBITRATION, AND, UNLESS WE AGREE OTHERWISE, THE ARBITRATOR MAY NOT CONSOLIDATE MORE THAN ONE PERSON’S CLAIMS. YOU AGREE THAT, BY ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT, YOU AND IXL ARE EACH WAIVING THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY OR TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION, COLLECTIVE ACTION, PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL ACTION, OR OTHER REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING OF ANY KIND.24.  ADDITIONAL TERMS FOR PRODUCTSWhen placing an online order, a credit card is required for payment. School purchase orders, money orders, and major credit cards are all accepted for mail order transactions.All purchases of Products are made pursuant to a shipment contract. This means that the risk of loss and title for such items pass to you upon our delivery to the carrier.Any item may be returned for a complete refund within thirty (30) days of receipt, so long as the returned item(s) are in their original condition. You may be required to pay for shipping and handling costs.  Please email returns@multiplication.com and a return form will be issued with instructions on how to return the item.  A reason for the return must be provided.By placing an order, you are making an offer which IXL reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to accept or decline.  Orders made online by credit card are not automatically accepted upon receipt of payment.  If an order is rejected after payment is received, the payment will be refunded to the customer’s credit card.25. GENERAL TERMSThis Agreement, together with any amendments and any additional agreements you may enter into with IXL in connection with the Service or Products, shall constitute the entire agreement between you and IXL and govern your use of the Service and/or purchase of Products, superseding any prior agreements between you and IXL. We object to and reject any additional or different terms proposed by you, including those contained in your purchase order, acceptance or website. The failure of IXL to exercise or enforce any right or provision of this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of the Agreement is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties' intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of the Agreement remain in full force and effect. Except for actions for nonpayment or breach of a party’s proprietary rights, no action, regardless of form, arising out of or relating to this Agreement may be brought by either party more than one (1) year after the cause of action has accrued. We might make versions of this Agreement or one or more of our Policies available in languages other than English. If we do, the English version of this Agreement and any such Policies will govern our relationship and the translations are provided for convenience only and will not be interpreted to modify the English version of this Agreement or such Policies.The section titles in this Agreement are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect.
© Copyright 2020 IXL Learning All Rights Reserved. Contact Us ×You selected a premium feature. Students Click Hereto return to multiplication.com
Teachers / Parents Click here to learn more about the Premium advantage.Your kids will learn the times tables.
Close