http://www.solitairenetwork.com/privacy.html
"The Best Free Solitaire Games Online!"- NO GIMMICKS -
Home
Privacy and Cookie Policy:
By using the Solitaire Network website, you are agreeing to our use of data and cookies, as outlined below.
Solitaire Network is committed to protecting your privacy. We take a conservative approach to data and cookies. A cookie is simply a small data file that is stored on your device that contains numbers or text strings. They are not programs and cannot harm your device. Each browser sets its own cookies. For more information about cookies in general, see CookiesAndYou website.
Solitaire Network does not have login or registration. Solitaire Network does not collect or store any personally identifiable information about anyone, unless you offer it to us voluntarily via email or by liking or posting on our Facebook community page.
You may at any time request that your emails to Solitaire Network are deleted. You may also at any time delete your posts on our Facebook page or to unlike our page and posts. Visit the Contact Us page for our email address and the link to our Facebook page.
To protect your privacy in relation to Facebook plug-ins, Solitaire Network no longer uses the Facebook plug-ins on this website, but shows simple image links to our Facebook page.
Solitaire Network Uses Cookies 3 Ways:
1 – Analytics
We collect aggregated data about how people in general use this website, such as the number of times each game page is visited, how long people stay on a page, how many pages a visitor goes to in a session, to keep track of how often people visit the site, and general statistics such as these.
These statistics are used by Solitaire Network to maintain and improve this website. For example, by using analytics, we know which types of games players prefer and we can develop more games that people like. Analytics also help us to plan server resources and upgrades to keep the website running smoothly, in addition to other similar things.
Solitaire Network uses Google Analytics for this service. It places a cookie that does not contain personally identifiable information, but is wholly used in support of the above website goals. Solitaire Network uses only the minimum set of features necessary to use Google Analytics in its most basic form. Solitaire Network does not use Google Analytics for advertising purposes or for User ID.
Furthermore, Solitaire Network goes an extra step and anonymizes all IP addresses before sending anything to Google Analytics.
Despite our conservative approach to Google Analytics, you may still decide to Opt-Out of having any kind of data sent to Google Analytics.
2 – Advertisements
Solitaire Network uses Google Adsense to supply advertisements. Google's use of advertising cookies enables it and its partners to serve personalized ads to you based on your visits to this site and other sites on the Internet. However, if you are visiting from the European Union, or have chosen to opt-out of personalized ads, you will only be served contextual ads while on Solitaire Network. When contextual ads are served, no personally identifiable information is contained in the cookie or shared with a third party.
You may opt out of personalized advertising by visiting Ads Settings. You may also review How Google uses your data.
3 – Website and Game Preferences
We save your game settings in a cookie so you do not need to set these each time you visit, such as whether you like sounds on or off, the card front that you prefer, the game background style that you prefer, whether you like cards to auto-play when the game is won and other settings such as these.
No personal information is stored in these cookies.
FAQ
Privacy
Contact Us
Help
SoliTaireNetwork.com and all Web Apps, web pages, original art and sounds Copyright © 2020 by Warren Schwader and his Licensors. All rights reserved.