http://www.amentsoc.org/help/
Skip to content
Amateur Entomologists' Society
Home
About us
Membership
Bug Club
Publications
Events
Insects
Shop
Members
Search:
Help
Copyright
Site map
Accessibility
Privacy & Cookies
Conditions of use
News feeds
You are: Home >
Help
Help
Feature assistance
Help is available for specific features of the AES Web site:
Site description
Events calendar help
Using news feeds
Identification help
Where can I find my membership number?
How do I use your online shop?
If you're looking to help the society, rather than looking for help with the Web site, then please consider becoming a member or supporting us with a donation.
Site description
The AES Web site has eight main sections. To help you find your way around we've provided a brief description of each section below, however if you'd prefer a more detailed list of what's contained in each section please see our site map:
About us - This section contains information about the AES. You can read the history of the society, how the society is run and also find out the latest AES news. This section also includes further information on our grant scheme, our affiliations and the awards given by the AES. The section also provides information on how you can contact the AES.
Membership - Find out how you can become a member of the AES. This section includes information on the different membership types, the benefits of membership and instructions on how to join.
Bug Club - The Bug Club is for children interested in insects and other creepy crawlies. In this section you can find information on the Bug Club, its activities and publications and also how you can join.
Publications - This section contains information on the publications of the AES. The society has three periodicals and also publishes a large and popular range of books, pamphlets and leaflets.
Events - The Events section contains details on all the upcoming AES events (including our Members' Day and two annual exhibitions) and events organised by other organisations that may be of interest to AES members.
Insects - The Insects section features articles on each of the insect groups, information on how to identify any insects you find, how to become an entomologist and the importance of biodiversity. This section also includes caresheets for many of the commonly kept insect pets.
Shop - Our online shop. In this section you can join the AES, renew your membership, buy a gift membership or buy any of our publications and merchandise.
Members - This is our password protected members' only section. Within this section you will find information on how to renew your membership, download electronic copies of articles that have appeared in our periodicals and access other information released only to members of the AES and Bug Club.
To help you explore the AES Web site you may also like to view our site map or search for pages on a specific topic.
Where can I find my membership number?
Your membership number will be listed on any correspondence you receive from us. In the case of mailings containing the Bulletin or Bug Club Magazine your membership number will be listed on the address label to the right of your name. This location is indicated by an arrow in the diagram below.
How do I use your online shop?
We have provided instructions for people wishing to use our online shop to:
become a member
buy our books and leaflets
Contact us
Site map
Help
Privacy & Cookies
Conditions
News feeds
Links directory
The Amateur Entomologists' Society, PO Box 8774, London, SW7 5ZG https://www.amentsoc.org Registered charity no. 267430
Copyright © 1997-2020 Amateur Entomologists' Society
This website uses cookies, if you want to use our site without cookies or would like to know more, please see Privacy & Cookies. If you continue to use this site we'll assume that you're happy with this.