http://www.worldlii.org/worldlii/help/search.html
[WorldLII]
[Databases]
[Catalog]
[Feedback]
[Help]
Related Link
Search Help
Help Guides
You are here:
WorldLII >>
Worldlii >>
Help >>
Search Help
If you have never used an Internet search engine before you can have
SINO do most of the work for you. A search engine is a computer program
that presents you with a list of documents that match the criteria which
you specify. You specify the criteria in the form of show me all documents
that have the words X, Y and Z in them. You can narrow the criteria,
for example: show me documents from Western Australia with the words
X, Y and Z in them.
The important thing to note is that the SINO search engine will
return to you a list of documents that contain the words
(or phrases) that you specify. Therefore you must choose your search
words carefully. The best words (or phrases) to choose are those which
are unique or particularly distinctive and are, of course, relevant
to the subject matter of your query.
The SINO search engine will relevance rank the results by default,
which means that the best matches will appear at the top of the list.
You will obtain the best results when searching for unique or
distinctive words or phrases.
Using Autosearch
If you are typing in a search from the AustLII home page, the sytem will
treat this as an AutoSearch type search.
AustLII will analyse the
words for which you are searching and attempt to apply the correct search
approach for you.
Boolean searchAutosearch will recognise a boolean search by the
presence of boolean operators in the words for which
you are searching. So, if you use and, or, near, w/10 etc, then AutoSearch
will automatically treat the search as a Boolean search. If you do not want these words
to be treated as boolean operators, you must put the phrase of which they are part in
double quotation marks (ie "dogs and cats" and not dogs and cats).
NOTE: As of August 2007, common words
are also treated as common in phrases. This significantly speeds up searching. If you want
to search for a common word, precede it with a # or a + sign (eg "sale #of goods").
Doing this significantly slows down searching.
Section of an Act searchAutosearch will recognise a search which
contains any of section 14 of the Privacy Act 1988, Privacy Act 1988, s14
and s14 Spam Act 2003 as a search for a specific section of an Act of Parliament.
Note that you must include the year of the Act for this to work.
Case name title searchAutosearch will recognise a search which contains
v, v., vs,
vs. or re as a search for a case
name. The search results will be restricted to documents (usually cases or casenotes)
containing the phrases on either side of these identifiers, or immediately after the
re in the title. So, for example, the following searches all work: Mabo v
Queensland, Queensland vs Mabo, Lenah v Australian Broadcasting,
Broadcasting Corporation vs Lenah, Re Smith, and
In re Smith. For further information on searching for cases, see the
Case Law Help. Note: If you are not searching for
a document which contains the case name in its title, but a reference to the case in a
document, then do a boolean search (eg Mabo w/2 Queensland)
Single phrase searchAutosearch will recognise words enclosed in double
quotation marks as a phrase search. So the words "cats and dogs" enclosed in
double quotation marks will trigger a phrase search. Note that Autosearch can only deal
with a single phrase in double quotation marks. If you want to search for two or more
phrases, you will need to use a Boolean search instead. Additionally,
if you want to search for a common word in
a phrase, you will need to precede it with a # or + sign (eg "sale #of goods").
Unless autosearch recognises your search as one of the above searches, it will default
the search type to an any of these words search. Do not forget that you can
override autosearch by explicitly choosing another search type.
Advanced (Boolean) Searches
If you do a search from the Advanced Search Pages, the system switches
by default to boolean mode. The Advanced Search form also allows you
to select several other common search types ("all of these words", "words in a
document title" etc).
If you want more than one phrase or word to appear in the retrieved
documents, put an and between them.
For example, to
find documents containing the phrase moral rights as well
as the word copyright, you would type:
moral rights and copyright.
If, on the other hand, you want to find one term and/or
another one, put an or between them.
For example, to
find documents which contain the words treaty, convention
or international agreement you would type:
treaty or convention or international agreement.
If you wanted to, you could even put these two searches together - as
in: treaty or convention or international agreement and moral
rights and copyright.
For more in-depth information see the Search
Operators Chart and Common Words List
(words that are not searchable unless preceded with a # or + sign).
If you want to find two words or phrases which appear close to each
other (for example, the parties to a case), you can use the
near proximity operator.
If you wanted to find cases where
Smith sued (or was sued by) Brown, you
would type: smith near brown.
The near proximity operator finds two words or phrases
within 50 words of each other. For information on the other proximity
operators available, see the Search Operators
Chart
WorldLII:
Feedback |
Privacy Policy |
Disclaimers
URL: http://www.worldlii.org/worldlii/help/search.html