http://www.abpischools.org.uk/cookies-and-privacy-policy
Select an age range to seek interactive content for...
Ages5-7
Ages7-11
Ages11-14
Ages14-16
Ages16+
View all topics
You are here:
Home
/
Cookies and Privacy Policy
Cookie & privacy policy
8.1 Use of cookies by the ABPI
Cookies are small data files transferred to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser to enable our systems to recognise your browser and to provide us with details of how our website is used.
The table below explains the cookies we use and why.
Cookie
Name
Purpose
More information
Add This
dt, loc, di, psc, uvc, uid, bt, uit, _mpush, _xguid, _xgcid, _atuvc
Used for Add This sharing feature to allow for easy access to adding a site as a favourite
www.addthis.com
Google Analytics
_utma _utmb _utmc _utmc _utmz
Used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.
Google
YouTube
PREFF
Used for YouTube content.
YouTube
Site Session Cookies
*
Used to register user interaction.
This site uses randomly generated numbers as session cookies that inform the site that you are still active during your session. These will be deleted when you log off and will in no way personally identify you.
For more information, please see Section 8.3.
8.2 Information we may collect or use about you
The ABPI may collect and process the following data about you:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on this website. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use the website, subscribing to any service, posting material or requesting further services
If you contact the ABPI, we may keep a record of that correspondence
If you contact the ABPI in order to log into any of the ABPI Members' Zone or Events sites, or to the Exams site, to indicate your attendance at an ABPI Group meeting or to process any orders you may place for bookings to attend at ABPI Events or Bookings for Exam sittings, ABPI may request further information from you in accordance with the context of the event or booking to be processed. For example, provided that you make appropriate payment, it is possible to make bookings for ABPI Events on behalf of a number of colleagues whose personal details you may be required to record also. Your attention is drawn to the additional specific terms and conditions of use of each of these sites the Members Zone, the ABPI Events Booking Site and the Exams Site
To enable the ABPI to process any order for purchases requiring payment by you from any of the ABPI sites in particular: ABPI Library, or the Exams site. Where possible the ABPI uses a secure online payment facility which is enabled to process payments using debit/credit card details. This facility is run by a third party organisation 'Secure Trading Ltd' of www.securetrading.com (or such alternative provider as the ABPI might choose at any time) and so other than during the short time it takes to process the transaction the ABPI will not be collecting or storing your payment card details on our IT systems.
The ABPI uses this information in the following ways:
to ensure that content on this website is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer
to provide you with information, products or services that you request from the ABPI or which we feel may interest you about the ABPI and our work where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes
to carry out obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and the ABPI
to allow you to participate in interactive features of ABPI service, when you choose to do so
to notify you about changes to our services.
The ABPI may disclose your personal data to a third party if it is under a legal duty to disclose or share your personal data with law enforcement agencies or in order to comply with any legal obligation, or to enforce or apply any of these Terms and Conditions; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of the ABPI or others.
The ABPI may need to transfer your data outside the EU to process your details for attending an ABPI Event. This data will be collected on our behalf by CVENT inc, a company based in Virginia USA. Not only does Cvent strive to collect, use, and disclose personally identifiable information (Personal Information) in a manner consistent with the laws of the countries in which it does business, but it also has a tradition of upholding the highest ethical standards in its business practices. Cvent complies with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland. Cvent has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement. To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view Cvent’s certification, please visit Export.gov.
The ABPI does not sell personal information it has gathered about you to third parties.
If you are an existing user of the ABPI services we will only contact you with information about goods and services similar to those which were the subject of our previous contact with you.
We may also ask you to complete surveys that we use for research purposes, although you do not have to respond to them.
If you are a new user ABPI will contact you only if you have consented to this by using the contact us facility or by sending us a direct email using the 'Get in touch' form. We will only send you details connected with your original enquiry unless you have indicated a wider preference using the opt-in box on the Get in Touch facility via the contact page.
If you do not want ABPI to use your data in this way please indicate this when you submit your data either by not checking the opt-in box or expressly stating so within the free text box on the relevant Get in Touch facility.
The ABPI does not sell personal information it has gathered about you to third parties.
8.3 Further information about cookies and IP addresses
The ABPI may collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration. This is statistical data about our users' browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual.
When you use the site, certain information is automatically collected relating to that use. For example, we may use cookies, 'clear GIFs' (a/k/a 'web beacons,' or 'pixel tags'), or similar technologies to retain information about you and your use of the site.
Internet browsers normally accept cookies by default, but it is possible to set a browser to reject cookies. If you set your browser to reject the ABPI’s cookie you will still be able to use this website. However, you may experience problems using any enabled ABPI’s electronic purchasing system or members only access site if you do so.
Cookies are small data files transferred to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser to enable our systems to recognise your browser and to provide us with details of how our website is used. Cookies often include an anonymous unique identifier and track and store your user preferences while using the site as well as technical information about your use of the site. They help us to improve our site and to deliver a better and more personalised service. Some of the cookies we use are essential for the site to operate.
Most web browsers can be set to inform you when a cookie has been sent to you and provide you with the opportunity to refuse that cookie.  It is also possible to set your browser to reject certain types of cookies or cookies generally. If you set your browser to reject our cookies, then you will still be able to use the site. Our cookies only capture the personal data you provide to us in order to process your registration. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit the All about cookies website.
This website uses Google Analytics. These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, the time that you visited the site, whether you have been to the site before and what site referred you to the web page. Browsers do not share first-party cookies across domains. To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites, visit the Google website.
We may also use clear GIFs or similar technologies to enable us to know whether you have visited a particular web page, viewed content or received a message. A clear GIF is typically a one-pixel, transparent image (although it can be a visible image as well), located on a web page or in an email or other type of content or message, which is retrieved from a remote site on the Internet enabling the verification of an individual’s viewing or receipt of a web page, content or message.
You cannot opt out or refuse clear GIFs. However, where they are used in conjunction with cookies (for example, to gain an understanding of how you navigate through and process the content contained in the site) they can be made ineffective by either opting out of cookies or by changing the cookie settings in your browser (see above).
We automatically collect data about your Internet address when you use the site. This information, known as an Internet Protocol (IP) address or IP address, is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer or device by your Internet service provider or carrier whenever you are online. If you access the site from a mobile or other device, your unique device identifier assigned to that device or other transactional information for that device may also be collected.
We may also record the web page from which you linked to the site (for example, another website or a search engine); the pages you visit on the site; the website you visit after the site; and/or other information about the type of web browser, computer, device, platform, related software and settings you are using; any search terms you have entered on the site or a referral site; and other usage activity and data logged by us. We use this information for internal system administration, to help diagnose problems with our servers and to operate the site. We may also use such information to gather broad demographic information, such as country of origin and Internet service provider or carrier.
By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies and other tracking technologies as described above. However, as required by law, we will offer you the ability to opt-in to receiving non-essential cookies.
The ABPI may obtain information about your general internet usage by using a cookie file which is transferred to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser and stored on the hard drive of your computer. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive and enable the ABPI to improve this website and to deliver a better and more personalised service. They enable the ABPI:
to estimate audience size and usage pattern
to store information about your preferences, and so allow ABPI to customise this website according to your individual interests
to speed up your searches
to recognise you when you return to this website.
The following types of cookies are used on this website:
Google Analytics cookies. Google Analytics is a web analytics tool that helps website owners understand how visitors engage with their website. Google Analytics allows the ABPI view a variety of reports about how visitors interact with their website so that they can improve it. Google Analytics collects information anonymously. It reports website trends without identifying individual visitors. You can opt out of Google Analytics without affecting how you visit our site – for more information on opting out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites you use, visit this Google page.
Session cookies: As you surf around this website there are often times when the ABPI needs to remember technical information about you as you surf page to page. The ABPI uses this technical information in a multitude of ways to enhance your user experience. This cookie contains no personally identifiable information and only lasts until you end your session and leave this website.
Persistent or login session cookie: When you log into a restricted section of this website the ABPI may set a cookie on your PC to remember your login details. This can be used for your convenience so that on subsequent visits, you aren´t required to provide the entire login information again. This cookie will remain on your computer indefinitely, even after you leave this website.
Flash cookies
This site does not use Flash cookies by default however it uses the Flash player which allows website users to right click and change settings. If settings are changed a Flash cookie is added.
To remove the Flash cookie, use the Adobe tool which allows control over cookies, and also allows you to disable flash cookies.
For users with Flash Player 10.3 or higher Flash cookies will be deleted automatically when you delete the browsing history in your web browser. This functionality currently works in Mozilla Firefox 4, Microsoft Internet Explorer 8 and higher and future releases of Apple Safari and Google Chrome.
8.4 Where we store data
Any payment transactions made on-line will be enabled using encrypted SSL technology where the facility to pay on-line exists. It may not be possible for us to take payments for all services or products online, and you are always free to contact ABPI Finance to make payment over the phone. The ABPI does not and will not store any credit card data either online or in hard copy.
Please do not send us credit card information using emails or the 'Contact us' facility as this is not a secure method of transferring this sensitive information. If you need to pay using a credit card but either do not wish to or are not able to use the online secure payment system the ABPI Finance team will take your payment over the telephone and then immediately destroy your details once the transaction has been confirmed.
From time to time it may be necessary for the ABPI to use a third party to process your information, particularly in relation to posting out hard copies of our resources from the ABPI Library, organising Events, Exams or taking payments for bookings made on any of its websites.
You agree that we may use your data to give to our contractors specifically to process and fulfil any orders you place, to process your payment details securely and provide us with support services in running events or exams or managing storage of our document stocks. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing, which may include transfer of your data outside the EU. For example, when using the Events Booking Website, this is presently hosted by CVENT inc a company based in Virginia, USA. The ABPI will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
Cvent complies with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland. Cvent has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement. To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view Cvent’s certification, please visit Export.gov.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although the ABPI will do its best to protect your personal data, it cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to the website; any transmission is at your own risk. Once the ABPI has received your information, it will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
The Data Protection Act gives you the right to access personal data held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act. Any access request may be subject to a fee of £10 to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you.
To request a copy of any information held about you as a result of your use of this website in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998, please email the ABPI Data Controller at info@abpi.org.uk.
11. Date
These terms and conditions are dated May 2016.
The Association of the British Pharmaceutical Industry, registered company no. 09826787 of 7th Floor, Southside, 105 Victoria Street, London SW1E 6QT.