http://www.campwellspring.com/privacy/
ReturnTo TopRecent Health & Wellness Articles from Weight CraftersSugar Addiction: Where Does The Willpower Go?The moment you bite into something tasty, your brain wants... no, demands more of it. Instantly self-control goes completely out the window. And every bite is followed by the desire for more. Learn more about sugar addiction and food addiction - the eating disorders nobody thinks about...5 Tips for adults over 50 that will make you feel younger!You don't need diet pills, anti-wrinkle creams, or expensive trendy foods to feel younger and more vibrant - here are 5 easy ways you can regain your youth right now...10 Reasons Why You Should Use Resistance / Strength Training for Weight LossResistance training isn't just for body builders. Strength training is a powerful and proven tool for weight loss - but many people don't realize it.27 Weight Loss Motivation Tips: The Definitive Guide to Staying on Track in 2020Read the top expert recommended tips for how to motivate weight loss, and quotes to back them up from some of the best weight loss and fitness professionals out there online today.Exercise for Seniors: Facts, Benefits and SafetySeniors frequently question whether starting an exercise program will be safe. Can seniors truly benefit from a fitness routine? How old is too old? In truth, some of these are valid questions - but others should be very quickly dispelled.Everything You Should Know About GW1516, GW501516, Cardarine and Compound 14Popular but deadly. Despite being classified as unfit for human consumption, exercise pills are still being solid at an alarming rate...Diet Pills: Hard Facts About Weight Loss MedicationWe've said a lot about diet pills and weight loss medications in the past, but today we're going to take a closer look at the various medications and pills out there, and give you an honest-to-goodness summary on what works, what doesn't, and why.Superfood Review: AvocadoAvocado is garnering some pretty outrageous claims on the internet. Whether you love them, hate them, or are completely oblivious to them and want to know more - read on to get the low-down on Avocado.VO2 Max vs. Lactate Threshold For Performance MeasurementVO2 Max is the maximum amount of oxygen you're able to deliver (or process) to your muscles when you're working your body at its hardest. The more you can process, the faster you can go, or the harder you can work.America’s Growing WaistlineCrash dieting causes even more harm than carrying those extra pounds. The best solution in the long-run is changing the way we live.© 2007-2020 Weight Crafters, LLC. All Rights Reserved.Weight CraftersFitness Articles Home Our Staff & Mission Reviews & Testimonials Location & Accommodations Exercise & Activities True Fire Fitness System Occupational & Health Discounts Rates & Specials Frequent Questions Our Wellness Blog Contact Us Online Get Directions