http://www.portlandcm.org/privacy-policy
Jump to navigation
You are herePrivacy Policy Privacy Policy
Portland Children's Museum Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or make a purchase from www.portlandcm.org or http://shop.portlandcm.org/ (the “Sites”).
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
When you visit the Sites, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, masked IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Sites, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Sites, and information about how you interact with the Sites. We refer to this automatically-collected information as “Device Information.”
We collect Device Information using the following technologies:
- “Cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
- “Log files” track actions occurring on the Sites, and collect data including your masked IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.    - “Web beacons,” “tags,” and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Sites.
When you sign up for our newsletter, we collect your email. When you sign up for camps, classes, or events, or purchase a membership at the Museum, we collect certain information from you including your name and email address. We refer to this information as "Contact Information."
Additionally when you make a purchase or attempt to make a purchase through the Sites, we collect certain information from you, including your name, billing address, shipping address, payment information (including credit card numbers), email address, and phone number.  We refer to this information as “Order Information.” We do not store credit card information after any purchase is complete.
When we talk about “Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy, we are talking both about Device Information and Order Information.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We use the Order Information that we collect generally to fulfill any orders placed through the Sites (including processing your payment information, and providing you with invoices and/or order confirmations).  Additionally, we use this Order Information to:Communicate with you;Screen our orders for potential risk or fraud; andWhen in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services. We do not store credit card information after any purchase is complete.We use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your masked IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our Sites (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the Sites, advertising, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns). All data stored is anonymous and your full IP address is never stored.
We use the Contact Information to send you e-newsletters, correspondences about any camps, classes, or events you may be interested in or signed up for, and general Museum emails.
SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We share your Personal Information with third parties to help us use your Personal Information, as described above.  For example, we use Nitrosell to power our online store--you can read more about how Nitrosell uses your Personal Information here: https://www.nitrosell.com/privacy-policy.  We also use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Sites--you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here:  https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/.  You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here:  https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. We use Hello Bar to collect emails for our newsletter --you can read more about how Hello Bar uses your Personal Information here:  https://www.hellobar.com/privacy-policy/. We use Emma for our email marketing -- you can read more about how Emma uses your Personal Information here: https://myemma.com/legal/privacy-notice
Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.
BEHAVIORAL ADVERTISINGAs described above, we use your Personal Information to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you.  We do not share our email list with third parties for advertising purposes. For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s (“NAI”) educational page at http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-d....
You can opt out of targeted advertising by:    FACEBOOK - https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads    GOOGLE - https://www.google.com/settings/ads/anonymous    BING - https://advertise.bingads.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/policies/persona...
Additionally, you can opt out of some of these services by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out portal at:  http://optout.aboutads.info/.
DO NOT TRACKPlease note that we do not alter our Sites’  data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.
YOUR RIGHTSIf you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.
Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Sites), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above.  Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.
DATA RETENTIONWhen you place an order through the Sites, we will maintain your Order Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.
CHANGESWe may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
CONTACT USFor more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at info@portlandcm.org or by mail using the details provided below:
4015 SW Canyon Road, Portland, OR, 97221, United States
Newsletter
Sign Up for Museum@Home—Our New Biweekly Email! Bring home the innovation, wonder & magic of the Museum through @Home activities & early childhood resources for caregivers!
Plus, receive updates on new exhibits, camps, parties & more.Enter your email address
Social
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
Flickr
Portland Children's Museum
4015 SW Canyon Road
Portland, OR 97221
(503) 223-6500
get directions
Share this page
Twitter Facebook Google Plus LinkedIn E-mail
Sign Up for Our Newsletter
Enter your email address
Follow Us
Facebook
Twitter
Flickr
Instagram
YouTube
VisitVisit
@Home
Admission Policy
Membership
Exhibits
Directions and Parking
Museum Map
Camps & Classes
Frequently Asked Questions
Contact
Accessibility
Washington Park
Going Deeper
Parties & Field TripsPlan a Party or Trip
Field Trips & Groups
After Hours Events
Birthday Parties
Teaching & LearningTeaching and Learning
Customized Consultations
Workshops and Classes
Opal School
Educational Materials
Recommended Reading
About UsAbout Us
Our History
Our Philosophy
Staff
Board of Directors & Leadership Council
Supporters
Dorothea Lensch Society
Volunteer
Careers
Corporate
Request a Donation
Gift Certificates
© 2015 Portland Children's Museum. All rights reserved
About Us
Blog
Shop
Site Map
Privacy Policy
Close
title gets replaced here