http://www.bostonchildrensmuseum.org/terms-use
Skip to main content
The Museum Reopens! What you need to know
Visit UsVisitor Services & Information
Directions
Parking
Accessibility & Special Needs
Floor Plan
Ways to Save
Events & PartiesCorporate & Social Events
Birthday Parties
Event Spaces
Food & Lodging
Gift Passes
Group Visits
Virtual Tour
ExhibitsArt Lab
Arthur® and Friends
Boston Black
Bubbles
The Common
Construction Zone
Countdown to Kindergarten
Explore•a•Saurus
The Gallery
Investigate
Japanese House
Japanese House Gallery
Johnny's Workbench
Keva Planks
Kid Power
KidStage
New Balance Climb
Our Green Trail
Peep's World
PlaySpace
Raceways
Public Art
STEAM Lab
ProgramsCreatedBy Festival
Cultures
Health & Wellness
Literacy
Performing Arts
Science Technology Engineering Art & Math
Special Events and Other Programs
Tech Kitchen
Visual Arts
STEAM Family Workshops
The Power of Play21st Century Skills
Summit & Seminars
Child Development Milestones
Research at the Museum
What Are We Learning
Learning ResourcesParent & Educator Resources
100 Ways to Play
Activities Archive
Beyond the Chalkboard
East Asia Resources
Engineering and Empathy
Lunch and Learn Speaker Forums
Mad Libs
Native Voices
Race To The Top
Professional Services & Exhibit RentalsExhibit Kits
Design + Production Services
Museum Consulting
School Readiness
Blog
About Us
Exhibits & Programs
SupportIndividual GivingGiving Circles
Planned Giving
Tribute Gifts
Recurring Gifts
Corporate Engagement
Annual Fund
EventsThe Wonder Ball
Marathon TeamMarathon FAQ
Silly Soiree
Party on the Point
Lunch and Learn
Donor ResourcesAnnual Report
Newsletter
MembershipFamily Membership
Corporate Membership
Library Membership
Donation Requests
Community
Become A Member
Support Us
Calendar
Boston Children’s Museum
308 Congress Street
Boston, MA 02210(617) 426-6500
Get Directions Here
Wednesday - Sunday2 Time Slots10:00-12:30 and 2:00-4:30
Home
Terms of Use
Terms of Use and Privacy PolicyWeb PrivacyAccessibility
This Web site is designed to be accessible to visitors with disabilities, and to comply with federal guidelines concerning accessibility. We welcome your comments. If you have suggestions on how to make the site more accessible, please contact us.Web Site Privacy Policy
We have created this statement to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy. We do not collect personally identifying information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information to us. Providing such information is strictly voluntary. This policy is your guide to how we will handle information we learn about you from your visit to our Web site.Reading or Downloading
We collect and store only the following information about you: the name of the domain from which you access the Internet (for example, aol.com, if you are connecting from an America Online account, or princeton.edu if you are connecting from Princeton University's domain), the date and time you access our site, and the Internet address of the Web site from which you linked to our site.
We use the information we collect to measure the number of visitors to the different sections of our site, and to help us make our site more useful to visitors.Online Profile Updates and Donations
If you complete the Profile update form and share your personally identifying information, this information will be used only to provide you with more targeted content. We may use your contact information to send further information about Boston Children's Museum or to contact you when necessary. You may always opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the "Opt Out" section below.Sending us an Email
You also may decide to send us personally identifying information, for example, in an electronic mail message containing a question or comment, or by filling out a Web form that provides us this information. We use personally identifying information from e-mail primarily to respond to your requests. We may forward your e-mail to other employees who are better able to answer you questions. We may also use your e-mail to contact you in the future about our programs that may be of interest.
We want to be very clear: We will not obtain personally identifying information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information to us. Providing such information is strictly voluntary. Except as might be required by law, we do not share any information we receive with any outside parties.
We won't share your e-mail address with any outside parties.Kids and Privacy
We do not collect personal information directly from children. We do request information about children in the family from our Members. This information is never shared with outside organizations.Opt-Out or Change Your Contact Information
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from Boston Children's Museum through a special online form. You may choose to receive only specific communications or none at all. You may also update your contact information previously provided to us through another online form. You can not remove yourself from our database, but you can prevent unwanted communication.Donor Privacy Policy
Boston Children's Museum respects your privacy as a donor. We protect your personal contact information and adhere to all legislative requirements with respect to protecting privacy.
We do not rent, sell, trade our otherwise share our donor mailing lists.
The information you provide will be used to deliver services and keep you informed and up to date on the activities of Boston Children's Museum, including programs, services, special events, funding needs, opportunities to give or volunteer, or other periodic contacts.
If at any time you wish to be removed from any of these contacts, please contact us by phone at 617-426-6500 x221 or email us and we will gladly accommodate your request.Questions about our policies
If you have any questions about these privacy statements, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact us at Info@BostonChildrensMuseum.org.Google Remarketing
AdWords Remarketing is a Remarketing and Behavioral Targeting service provided by Google. It connects the activity of www.bostonchildrensmuseum.org with the Adwords advertising network and the Doubleclick Cookie. This website uses the Google AdWords remarketing service to advertise on third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to our site. It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven’t completed a task on our site, for example using the contact form to make an inquiry. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to the Boston Children's Museum website. Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google’s privacy policy.You can opt out of the cookie tracking here:
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en
Terms of Use
Plentiful Weekday & Weekend Discounted Parking Available