http://www.mulchden.com/info/privacy
Welcome
The Myth
Map
Meet the Denlops
Privacy Policy
Mulchden has been specifically designed to deal with personal data in a way that is appropriate for young children.
In Brief
We do not collect any information that could be used to personally identify an individual.
The information we do collect is used only by us to improve the quality of conversation from our chatbots.
No information is made public nor shared with any other third parties.
We do not display advertising.
Detailed Privacy Policy
Visitors to the site engage in conversation with a chatbot. During the course of this we collect some information to deliver a personalised experience and to help us improve the quality of conversation from our chatbots.
Information we DO collect:
The user's country
The user's self reported age. We may use this information to deliver content that is appropriate to the child's developmental stage. However, all content is suitable for all ages.
A transcript of the user's conversation with the chatbot. This might include some information about the child as part of normal conversation, for example their favourite food, if they have any pets, what they learnt at school that day.
We use cookies which are essential to the operation of the web site. These are random strings of numbers and letters. The cookies are not shared with any other site and are not recognised when browsing outside our site. See our cookie policy for more details.
None of this information can be used to personally identify an individual.
Information we DO NOT collect:
We do not collect or store any personally identifiable information
We do not collect a full name - users use their first name or a nickname.
We do not collect any specific physical address or location information beyond the user's country.
We do not collect a username, email address or password. No registration is required to use the service.
We do not collect any contact information, including telephone numbers, usernames, or anything else that might function as online contact information.
We do not collect IP addresses, nor any geolocation information that would identify a user's location beyond their country.
We do not collect social security numbers or their equivalent.
We do not use cookies that can be recognised outside our site, nor that can be used to track a user beyond our site. See our cookie policy for more details.
We do not collect any photograph, video or audio files.
We do not display any advertising. We therefore do not use any information for targeting adverts.
Information Sharing
We do not share any information collected on the site. Specifically:
Information is not shared with any other users of the system.
Information is not made public in any way.
Information is not shared with any third parties.
If we find that during the course of a conversation a child has inadvertently revealed any personally identifiable information during the course of conversation with the chatbot, this information is immediately deleted.
Chat
Information for Parents and Educators
Privacy Policy
| Cookie Policy
© Copyright Odd Cod Ltd