https://www.thoughtco.com/newspaper-sections-and-terms-1857334
Share
Flipboard
Email
Print
Riitta Supperi / Getty Images
For Students and Parents
Homework Help
Homework Tips
Learning Styles & Skills
Study Methods
Time Management
Private School
Test Prep
College Admissions
College Life
Graduate School
Business School
Law School
Distance Learning
View More
By
Grace Fleming
Education Expert
M.Ed., Education Administration, University of Georgia
B.A., History, Armstrong State University
Grace Fleming, M.Ed., is a senior academic advisor at Georgia Southern University, where she helps students improve their academic performance and develop good study skills.
our editorial process
Grace Fleming
Updated June 16, 2020
Many people become interested in reading the newspaper as young adults. But younger students may be required to read the newspaper to search for current events or to research sources.
The newspaper can be daunting for beginners. These terms and tips can help readers understand the parts of a newspaper and help them decide what information might be helpful when conducting research.
Front Page
The first page of a newspaper includes the title, all the publication information, the index, and the main stories that will capture the most attention. The major story of the day will be placed in the most prominent position on the front page and will contain a large, bold-faced headline. The topic could be of a national scope or it might be a local story.
Folio
The folio includes the publication information and is often located under the name of the paper. This information includes the date, page number, and, on the front page, the price of the paper.
News Article
A news article is a report on an event that has taken place. Articles may include a byline, body text, photo, and caption.
Typically, newspaper articles that appear closest to the front page or within the first section are those that editors consider to be the most important and relevant to their readers.
Feature Articles
Feature articles report about an issue, person, or event with added depth and more background details.
Byline
A byline appears at the beginning of an article and gives the writer's name.
Editor
An editor decides what news will be included in each paper and determines where it will appear according to relevance or popularity. The editorial staff determines content policy and creates a collective voice or view.
Editorials
An editorial is an article written by the editorial staff from a specific perspective. The editorial will offer the newspaper's view of an issue. Editorials should not be used as a main source of a research paper, because they are not objective reports.
Editorial Cartoons
Editorial cartoons have a long and fascinating history. They offer an opinion and convey a message about an important issue in an amusing, entertaining, or poignant visual depiction.
Letters to the Editor
These are letters sent from readers to a newspaper, usually in response to an article. They often include strong opinions about something the newspaper has published. Letters to the editor should not be used as objective sources for a research paper, but they could prove valuable as quotes to demonstrate a point of view.
International News
This section contains news about other countries. It may address relationships between two or more countries, political news, information about wars, droughts, disasters, or other events that impact the world in some way.
Advertisements
An advertisement is a section that is purchased and designed for selling a product or idea. Some advertisements are obvious, but some can be mistaken for articles. All advertisements should be labeled, although that label might appear in small print.
Business Section
This section contains business profiles and news reports about the state of commerce. You can often find reports about new inventions, innovation, and advances in technology. Stock reports also appear in the business section. This section could be a good resource for a research assignment. It will include statistics and profiles of people who have made an impact on the economy.
Entertainment or Lifestyle
The section names and traits will differ from paper to paper, but lifestyle sections typically offer interviews of popular people, interesting people, and people who make a difference in their communities. Other information found in the entertainment and lifestyle sections concern health, beauty, religion, hobbies, books, and authors.
Black Business Owners in the Jim Crow Era
Types of Feature Stories for Journalists
The Power of the Press: Black American News Publications in the Jim Crow Era
How to Write a News Article That's Effective
Definition of Appendix in a Book or Written Work
Avoid the Common Mistakes That Beginning Reporters Make
Newspaper Printables
Chronicling America: Historic American Newspapers
A Look at What Different Editors Do in the Newsroom
Writing a Paper about an Environmental Issue
Yellow Journalism: The Basics
Ladies' Home Journal Sit-In
Tips to Write a Great Letter to the Editor
140 Key Copyediting Terms and What They Mean
The Publication of the Pentagon Papers
Differences Between Broadsheet and Tabloid Newspapers