http://www.rookiesports.co.uk/pages/contact-us/terms-conditions.php
skip to content
Home
About usHow we work
Our team
Our customers
Why Rookie Sports?
What we doActivity programmes
Training
Equipment
Funding support
Volunteering
Who we work withOlder people
Disability groups
Schools
Families
Community groups
Our successesCase studies
Funding
Quotes
Getting startedEquipment
Become a trainer
Training DVD
Childrens Parties
Gallery
Contact UsTerms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
Sitemap
FAQ
This page sets out the terms on which you may make use of our website (www.rookiesports.co.uk) whether as a guest or as a registered user.
By accessing or using our website, you accept and agree to be legally bound by these terms.  If you do not agree to these terms in their entirety, you must leave our website immediately.
Information about us
This website is owned by Rookie Sports Limited (company registration number 5068068).  Our registered office is Suite 4, John Buddle Work Village, Buddle Road, Newcastle upon Tyne. NE4 8AW.
Access to our website is permitted on a temporary basis and we reserve the right to withdraw or change our website at any time.  Whilst we try to keep our website up and running, we will not be liable if for any reason all or any part of our website is unavailable at any time or for any period including the availability of any of our website’s features, databases or content.
From time to time, we may restrict access to some parts of our website, or our entire website, to users who have registered with us.  If you choose, or are provided with, a user name and /or password you must treat this as confidential and you must not tell any other person.  We have the right to disable any username and/or password (whether chosen by you or given to you by us) and stop you from accessing our website at any time if in our opinion you have failed to comply with these terms or for any other reason.
You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to our website.  It is also your responsibility to ensure that you have adequate antivirus and firewall software installed on the computer that you are using to access our website. You must make sure that all persons who access our website through your internet connection are aware of these terms and comply with them.  You acknowledge that the internet is not entirely secure and we do not represent that our website or the server that makes our website available are free from viruses or any other harmful components.
You may use our website and our materials for your own personal, non-commercial informational purposes only.
What you must not do
You are prohibited from doing any act that we in our absolute discretion may deem to be inappropriate and/or would be deemed to be an unlawful act or is prohibited by any laws applicable to our website including but not limited to:
any act
that would constitute a breach of the privacy (including uploading private
information without the concerned individual’s consent) or any other of
the legal rights of any individual;
using our
website to defame or libel us, our employees or any other individuals or
acting in such a way that brings into disrepute our good name;
which is
technically harmful including, without limitation, computer viruses, logic
bombs, Trojan horses, worms, harmful components, denial of service attack
or distributed denial of service attack, corrupt data or any other
malicious software or harmful date;
distributing,
publishing, transmitting, modifying, displaying or creating and derivative
works from or exploiting the contents of our website in anyway;
submitting
anything to our website that will violate any right of any third party, including
copyright, trade mark, privacy or other personal or proprietary right(s);
posting
or transmitting any unlawful, harmful, threatening, defamatory, racist,
obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic or profane material or any
material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be
considered a criminal offence, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise
violate any law.  We will fully
cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting
or directing us to disclose the identity of anyone posting any such
information or material and we reserve the right to remove any such
materials at any time form our website.
If in our opinion a breach has occurred, we may take such action as we deem appropriate.  Please note that failure to comply with these terms may result in the immediate withdrawal of your right to use our website, immediate removal of any posting or material uploaded by you to our website and/or the commencement of legal action against you.
Intellectual Property
Unless otherwise stated, the copyright, trademarks, designs and all other intellectual property rights in all materials displayed on our website, including without limitation text, music, sound, photographs, pictures, graphics, video, page layout and designs, names and logos, are owned by us or our licensors.  You agree that you will not copy, reproduce, republish, modify, upload, transmit, licence or sub-licence any such material without our prior written consent.  You acknowledge that any such use may constitute an infringement of the relevant owner’s legal rights.
You are permitted to print out one coy of each page of our website for your personal, non-commercial use.
Links to the third party websites from our website
Our website contains links to third party websites.  If you choose to access any other website through a link on our website, you leave our website.  You access links at your own risk and we are not responsible for the accuracy, reliability of any information, date, opinions, advice or statements made on third party websites or the security of any link or communication with third party websites.
We reserve the right to terminate a link to a third party website at any time.
The provision of a link to a third party website through our website does not mean that we endorse, authorize or sponsor that website.  It does not mean that we are affiliated with the third party website’s owners or sponsors.  We provide these links merely as a convenience for you.
Links to our website
If you would like to link to our website you may do so but only on the basis that you link to, but do not replicate, the home page of our website. You must also not in any way:
imply
that we are endorsing any products or services that you or anyone else offer;
misrepresent
your relationship with us; and/or
use any
trademarks displayed on our website without our express permission.
Your website must not contain content that is distasteful, offensive, controversial, infringes any intellectual property rights or any rights or any other person, firm or company or otherwise does not comply with all applicable laws and/or regulations.  We expressly reserve the right to revoke your right to link to our website for breach of these terms or for any other reason and to take any action against you we deem appropriate.
Our liability
All the information and content of our website is free of charge and is provided ‘as is’ without any warranties of any kind.  The information on our website is for general information purposes only does not constitute professional advice
We do not represent or warrant that the information contained in our website is accurate, complete, current, reliable, suitable and free from technical or typographical errors.
We shall not be liable if for any reason our website is unavailable for any time period. Access to our website may be suspended temporarily and without notice in the case of system failure, maintenance, repair or for reasons beyond our control.
To the extent permitted by law, we hereby expressly exclude:
all
conditions, warranties or other terms which might otherwise be implied by
stature or common law; and
any
liabilities for any direct, indirect or consequential loss or damage
incurred by any user in connection with our website or in connection with
the use, inability to use or results of the use of our website, any
websites linked to it and any material posted to it, including loss of
income and revenue, loss of business, loss of profits or contract, loss of
anticipate savings, loss of data and loss of goodwill.
Nothing in these terms shall exclude or limit our liability for:
death or
personal injury caused by negligence;
fraud;
misrepresentation
as to a fundamental matter; and/or
any
liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
Changes to these terms
We reserve the right to vary or amend these terms and any of the content of our website from time to time, at our sole discretion without notice.
If these terms are varied or amended from time to time, they will continue to apply to all use and access of our website, both now and in the future.
Severance
If any part of these terms is found to be unenforceable as a matter of law, the enforceability of any other part of these terms will not be affected.
If any invalid, unenforceable or illegal provision of these terms would be valid, enforceable and legal if some part of it were removed, the provision shall apply with the minimum modification necessary to make it legal, enforceable and valid.
The law that governs these terms
These terms shall be governed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of England and Wales.
Any disputes arising out of or in connection with these terms of use will be decided only by the courts of England and Wales.
:
About Us ::
Terms and Conditions ::
Sitemap
:: Privacy Policy
:: Disclaimer ::
FAQs
::
Facebook
::
Twitter:
Coded with validXHTML, CSS and tested for WCAG Priority 2 Conformance.
Powered by Website Baker, design by gavjof