http://www.gsmanitou.org/en/about-girl-scouts/terms-and-conditions.html
Shop
Contact
Resources
Forms
ABOUT GIRL SCOUTS
ABOUT GIRL SCOUTS
COOKIES
COOKIES
CAMPING
CAMPING
VOLUNTEERS
VOLUNTEERS
DONATE
DONATE
EVENTS
EVENTS
MY GS
MY GS
ABOUT GIRL SCOUTSWho We AreOur ProgramThe Girl Scout DifferenceLead Like A Girl Scout Manitou CouncilJoin COOKIES CAMPING VOLUNTEERS DONATEEVENTS MY GS
Shop
Contact
Resources
Forms
Who We AreOur ProgramThe Girl Scout DifferenceLead Like A Girl Scout Manitou CouncilJoin
About Girl ScoutsTerms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
(Last Updated: April, 2017)
Welcome to the official Web site of Girl Scouts of Manitou Council,
a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization headquartered in Sheboygan,
Wisconsin. Girl Scouts' online properties are comprised of, but not
limited to, all pages found under www.gsmanitou.org, our official online store (shop.gsmanitou.org), and partner sites.
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING ANY OF
THE GIRL SCOUTS OF MANITOU COUNCIL SITES. By using the pages on this
site, you signify your agreement to these Terms and Conditions. If you
do not agree to these terms of use, please do not use the Girl Scouts
of Manitou Council sites. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to
change, modify, add, or remove portions of these terms at any time.
Please check these terms periodically for changes. Your continued use
of these sites following the posting of changes to these terms will
mean you accept those changes.
OWNERSHIP AND RESTRICTIONS ON USE OF MATERIALS
Unless otherwise noted, all materials, including images,
illustrations, designs, icons, photographs, video clips, and written
and other materials contained on any Girl Scout site (collectively,
the "Contents") are protected by copyrights, trademarks,
trade dress, and/or other intellectual properties owned or controlled
by Girl Scouts of Manitou Council or by Girl Scouts of the USA or used
with the permission of partners.
The Contents of all Girl Scout owned sites are intended solely for
personal, noncommercial (other than for the purchase of merchandise
from our site) use by the users of our site. You may view, copy, and
print the Contents displayed on this site subject to the following conditions:
(i) you use the material for noncommercial use only,
(ii) you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices,
(iii) you make no modifications to any materials,
(iv) you do not use the materials in a manner that suggests an
association with any of our products, services, or brands, and
(v) you do not download quantities of materials to a database that
can be used to avoid future downloads from the Girl Scout site.
For purposes of these terms, the use of any such material on any
other Web site or computer environment is prohibited. No right, title,
or interest in any downloaded Contents or software is transferred to
you as a result of any such downloading or copying. You may not
reproduce (except as noted above), publish, transmit, distribute,
display, modify, create derivative works from, sell or participate in
any sale of, or exploit in any way, in whole or in part, any of the
Contents, the site, or any related software. You may not attempt to
decompile or reverse engineer any of the software used by Girl Scouts
of the USA as part of the web sites.
REGISTRATION AND ACCOUNT SECURITY
Certain features of our websites provide you with the option of
setting up an account for which you will receive a user ID and
password. User IDs and passwords are confidential and proprietary. It
is a violation of these Terms and Conditions for you to: (a) provide
any false personal information on the site, or create an account for
anyone other than yourself without permission, (b) create another
account without our permission if we disable your account, or (c) do
anything else that might jeopardize the security of your account. You
are solely responsible for any unauthorized use of your user ID and password.
COPYRIGHT AND TRADEMARK INFORMATION
Girl Scouts has the sole and exclusive right by virtue of its
Congressional Charter, 36 U.S.C. § 80301 et. seq., to have and use all
service marks, trademarks, emblems, badges, descriptive or designating
marks, and other words now or heretofore used in carrying out its
program and is the owner of the GIRL SCOUTS name, service mark, and
trademark, and of all other associated names, marks, slogans,
insignias, logotypes and designs, including but not limited to the
distinctive TREFOIL design mark, the GSUSA uniforms and other indicia,
the names and marks "Girl Scouts of the United States of
America", "Girl Scout Daisies", Girl Scout
Brownies", "Girl Scout Juniors", "Girl Scout
Cadettes", "Girl Scout Seniors", and "Girl Scout
Ambassadors", and such trademarks and service marks as WHERE
GIRLS GROW STRONG, FOR EVERY GIRL EVERYWHERE, GIRLSPORTS, and GIRL
SCOUT COOKIES (hereinafter collectively identified as the
"Intellectual Property"). The use of these trademarks is
transferred to the council by terms of the Girl Scout Council Charter.
All other trademarks displayed on this site or through links to
other sites are the property of the respective trademark owners.
CLAIMS REGARDING COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENTS
Girl Scouts of Manitou Council has implemented procedures for
receiving written notification of claimed copyright infringement. If
you believe in good faith that your copyright has been infringed, you
may submit a notice to growstrong@gsmanitou.org [hyperlink to email:
growstrong@gsmanitou.org]. To be effective, a notice must be a written
communication and must contain:
An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act
on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest;
A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed;
A description specifying the location of the material that you claim
is infringing;
Your telephone number and e-mail address;
A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the
disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or
the law; and
A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the
information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright
owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
THE MATERIALS IN THIS SITE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, TO THE
FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW, GIRL SCOUTS OF
MANITOU COUNCIL DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OR MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. GIRL SCOUTS OF MANITOU COUNCIL DOES
NOT WARRANT THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN THE MATERIAL WILL BE
UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT
THIS SITE OR THE SERVER THAT MAKES IT AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR
OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. GIRL SCOUTS OF MANITOU COUNCIL DOES NOT
WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE OF OR THE RESULT
OF THE USE OF THE MATERIAL IN THIS SITE IN TERMS OF THEIR CORRECTNESS,
ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE.
SITE CONTENTS
Information on any Girl Scouts of Manitou Council website is
provided with the understanding that the Girl Scouts of Manitou
Council is not rendering professional advice or recommendations. You
should not rely on any information on these pages to replace
consultations with qualified professionals to meet your individual needs.
INACCURACY DISCLAIMER
The material in this site could include technical inaccuracies,
typographical errors, or omissions. We reserve the right to correct
any errors, inaccuracies, or omissions and to change or update
information at any time without prior notice.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Under no circumstances, including, but not limited to, negligence,
shall we be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, or
consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to
use, any Girl Scout site or a site that is linked to this site, even
if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable
law may not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability or
incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or
exclusion may not apply to you. In no event shall our total liability
to you for all damages, losses, and causes of action (whether in
contract, tort [including, but not limited to, negligence], or
otherwise) exceed the amount paid by you, if any, for accessing this site.
USER COMMENTS, FEEDBACK, SUBMISSIONS, AND POSTINGS
Girl Scouts of Manitou Council may allow you to communicate, submit,
upload, transmit or otherwise make available text, images, audio,
video, and other content through the site (collectively, the
"Submission(s)"), including in the form of comments,
feedback, submissions, or other information. By transmitting
Submissions on or through the site, you grant Girl Scouts of Manitou
Council a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free, assignable,
sublicensable license to use, reproduce, store, modify, display,
distribute, prepare derivative works based on, and transmit such
Submissions, and you waive any and all moral rights and publicity
rights in such Submissions. Girl Scouts of Manitou Council will not be
required to treat any Submission as confidential, and will not be
liable for any ideas for its business (including without limitation,
product, or promotion ideas) and will not incur any liability as a
result of any similarities that may appear in future Girl Scout
business. Girl Scouts of Manitou Council will be entitled to use the
Submission for any noncommercial or other purpose whatsoever, without
compensation to you or any other person sending the Submission. You
acknowledge that you own whatever material you submit, and use of your
Submission by Girl Scouts of Manitou Council will not infringe or
violate the rights of any third party.
You may not make any Submissions that (i) are or may reasonably be
considered to be, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious,
defamatory, vulgar, obscene, pornographic, libelous, invasive of
another's privacy, bigoted, hateful, or racially, ethnically or
otherwise offensive or objectionable, (ii) violate any law, statute,
ordinance, or regulation (including, but not limited to, those
governing export control, intellectual property, consumer protection,
unfair competition, anti-discrimination, or false advertising), or
(iii) are known to you to be false, inaccurate, or misleading.
Girl Scouts of Manitou Council has the right, but not the
obligation, to monitor, screen, block, post, remove, modify, store and
review Submissions or any other communications sent through this Web
site, at any time and for any reason, including to ensure that
Submissions conform to these terms, without prior notice to you. We
are not responsible for, and do not endorse or guarantee, the
opinions, views, advice or recommendations in any Submissions posted
or sent by users.
REPORTING OF ABUSIVE OR UNLAWFUL SUBMISSIONS OR CONTENT
If you believe you have knowledge of abusive, infringing or
otherwise unlawful submissions or other content on this Web site, we
want to know. Please send an e-mail to growstrong@gsmanitou.org
describing the content or conduct in detail, including the Web site
address where the content is found and the date and time viewed, and
we will investigate removing this material from the Web site. For
claims regarding alleged copyright infringement, see the contact
information in that section above.
LINKS TO OTHER WEB SITES AND SERVICES
This site may be linked to other sites and services that are not
maintained by Girl Scouts of Manitou Council. Girl Scouts of Manitou
Council is not responsible for the content of those sites.
Consequently, we cannot be held responsible for the accuracy,
relevancy, copyright compliance, legality, or decency of material
contained in sites listed on or otherwise linked to a Girl Scout site.
The inclusion of any link to such sites does not imply endorsement by
Girl Scouts of Manitou Council. Girl Scouts of Manitou Council makes
no representations whatsoever about any other Web site which you may
access through this one.
Please exercise discretion while browsing the Internet. These other
sites may send their own cookies to users, collect data, solicit
personal information, or contain information that you may find
inappropriate or offensive. Please keep in mind that whenever you give
out personal information online that information can be collected and
used by people you don't know. While Girl Scouts of Manitou Council
strives to protect your personal information and privacy, we cannot
guarantee the security of any information you disclose online; you
make such disclosures at your own risk.
We reserve the right to disable links from third-party sites to any
Girl Scout site.
JURISDICTIONAL ISSUES
This publication is distributed internationally and may contain
references to programs, products, and services that are not available
in your country, state, or particular location. These references do
not imply that the Girl Scouts of Manitou Council intends to announce
or provide programs, products, or services in your country, state, or
particular location.
Unless otherwise specified, the Contents on any Girl Scout site are
presented solely for these purposes of promoting programs, products,
services, and other content available in the United States and its
territories, possessions, and protectorates. Those who choose to
access a Girl Scout site do so on their own initiative and are
responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local
laws are applicable.
GENERAL PROVISIONS
These Terms and Conditions will be governed and be interpreted
pursuant to the laws of the State of Wisconsin, United States of
America, excluding its conflicts of law rules. If any part of these
Terms and Conditions is unlawful, void, or unenforceable, that part
will be deemed severable and will not affect the validity and
enforceability of any remaining provisions. Possible evidence of use
of this site for illegal purposes will be provided to law enforcement
authorities. This is the entire agreement between the parties relating
to the use of this site.
Girl Scouts of Manitou Council can revise these Terms and Conditions
at any time by updating this posting.
TERMINATION
These terms are effective until terminated by either party. You may
terminate these terms at any time by discontinuing use of all Girl
Scout Web sites and destroying all Contents obtained from any and all
such sites and all related documentation and all copies and
installations thereof, whether made under these terms or otherwise.
Your access to any and all Girl Scout sites may be terminated
immediately without notice from us if in our sole discretion you fail
to comply with any term or provision of these terms. Upon termination,
you must cease use of the Girl Scout site and destroy all Contents
obtained from such site and all copies thereof, whether made under
these terms or otherwise.
HOW TO CONTACT US
Please see contact information in the relevant sections above
regarding reporting copyright infringement or other unlawful content.
If you have any comments or questions regarding our Terms and
Conditions generally, you can contact us at:
Girl Scouts of Manitou Council 5212 Windward Ct
Sheboygan, WI 53083
Phone: (877) 738-7014 or (920) 565-4575
Monday-Friday, 8:30 a.m. – 4:30 p.m. Central Time.
If needed, the Information and Referral Center representative can
guide you through the Language Line Service, which provides telephone
interpretation in 140 languages.
E-mail
You can e-mail us your question and
we will get back to you as soon as possible.
Thank you for visiting our site.
Hours
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions