http://www.poison.org/help-and-faq
POISONED?
Get help online
or
Call 1-800-222-1222
For poison control help, call1-800-222-1222
Help and FAQs about Poison Control
What's a "Poison Exposure"?
Toxicologists use the term "poison exposure" instead of "poisoning" to refer to an incident involving a person who swallows or comes in contact with a substance that might be poisonous. Contact could be swallowing, splashed in the eyes or on the skin, breathed in, or injected. Often the substance isn't as toxic as one initially thinks it might be, or the amount taken is so low that no bad effect is expected. Since symptoms may not develop, technically these exposures can't be called "poisonings".
Two ways to get help for a poisoning:
1.
Use the webPOISONCONTROL® online tool to get specific recommendations based on age, substance, and amount, OR
2.
Call Poison Control at 1-800-222-1222 for expert guidance.
Both options are free and confidential. Both options give you expert answers.
If the individual collapses, has a seizure, has trouble breathing, or can't be awakened: Call 911 IMMEDIATELY.
When can I use the webPOISONCONTROL tool?
If you took too much of a medicine, swallowed something that might be poisonous, splashed a product on your eye or skin, or inhaled fumes, webPOISONCONTROL can help you decide if it's safe to stay home, or if a call to Poison Control or visit to an emergency room is required. Use webPOISONCONTROL if the exposed person meets all these criteria:
No serious symptoms. If the individual collapses, has a seizure, has trouble breathing or can't be awakened, call 911 right away.
Most substances. webPOISONCONTROL can help whether it's a drug or medicine, household product, flower, leaf, berry, seed, bite or sting, or an inhaled gas.
Single substances (only one product) involved. The drug or product can have multiple ingredients, but webPOISONCONTROL can't handle multiple drugs or products until we develop the logic for interactions and additive effects.
Taken once. This tool is designed for one-time poison exposures that occur over a short period of time (minutes to a few hours). If you take the medication regularly or if you were exposed chronically or repeatedly, call Poison Control at 1-800-222-1222 for assistance.
Unintentional. No self-harm or suicide attempts. When self-harm is involved, immediate evaluation by a healthcare provider, usually in an ER, is always advised.
Age 6 months to 79 years. Special issues arise in the very young or in older adults.
Not pregnant! We haven't addressed risks to the fetus or the pregnant mom.
Otherwise healthy. If you have a serious pre-existing medical condition, don't use this tool. Call Poison Control at 1-800-222-1222 instead to make sure there are no special considerations for your disease.
Human. Don't use this tool for your pets! Toxicity differs between species.
In August 2016, The American Journal of Emergency Medicine published an article titled "webPOISONCONTROL: can poison control be automated?" The article analyzed the first 9,256 webPOISONCONTROL cases. The study found the app is safe, quick and easy to use.
When can't I use the webPOISONCONTROL tool?
Don't use this tool if you (or the exposed person) are:
Younger than 6 months or older than 79 years
Pregnant
Suicidal or intending self-harm
A pet
More than one product is involved
Swallowed a medication repeatedly over more than a few hours (for example, you take this medication regularly).
When should I call Poison Control instead of using the webPOISONCONTROL tool?
If this tool doesn't address your problem, or if you'd rather talk to a real person, don't hesitate to call Poison Control at 1-800-222-1222 for immediate and expert assistance (U.S. only). If you're already in a panic, there's no substitute for the calming voice of a specialist. So don't hesitate to pick up the phone and call Poison Control when you need help.
How long does it take to enter my case and get a recommendation?
It usually takes less than 3 minutes. It could take a bit longer if you don't know the age or weight of the exposed person, the name of the product, or the amount involved.
Is there a charge?
Use of the webPOISONCONTROL tool is free. Download it to your smart phone, too. On your smart phone you can scan the barcode of a product to make it faster to determine the specific substance.
What information will I need to provide?
The webPOISONCONTROL tool determines how dangerous an exposure is based on the information you give us. You'll be asked to provide the following:
Substance (product name and strength if it is a medication)
Amount
Age
Weight
Time since exposure
Zip code
Email
Why am I asked for a zip code and email address?
We ask for your zip code so we can get your case to the right local poison center in case more help is needed. Your poison center can assist you more quickly if their experts already have a summary of your case.
We use your email address to follow-up with you and make sure that everything is OK. Based on the substance and time since the exposure, we'll tell you when you should expect emails from us, and these are usually limited to the first day or two after the exposure occurred. Once you are beyond the point of any risk from the substance, based on what we know about the timing of effects from that substance, we'll stop sending emails. We promise!
You will never be required to enter your name or mailing address, but if we refer you to a hospital, we'll give you a chance to give us your name and the name of the hospital so your poison center can assist the doctors with your care.
How is my case summary and personal information used?
We protect your privacy. You case information resides within our application and is handled as confidential medical information. That's a double layer of privacy protection since in most cases, we don't even ask for your name. We share your blinded case information with your local poison center, but if you are sent to an ER or admitted to a hospital, your local poison center may share the information with the doctors and nurses who are taking care of you in order to facilitate your care.  We will never use your information for commercial purposes.  (See our Privacy Policy for more information.)
What if I am unsure of the product … the amount … or something else?
We try to help you through the assessment process by providing you with pictures of the product, helping you narrow down unknown weights or amounts, displaying a summary of what you told us, and asking additional questions when you are unsure how to respond.
If you aren't sure of the amount but can provide a reasonable estimate, always estimate high to be safe.
If you aren't sure of the weight of the exposed person but can provide a reasonable estimate, always estimate low to be safe. Of course, if you have a scale, use it!
In some cases it may be easier to call Poison Control at 1-800-222-1222 (U.S. only).
How do I order poison prevention stickers, magnets, or other materials?
Most U.S. poison centers provide free phone stickers, refrigerator magnets, and poison prevention brochures and posters, but provide them only for residents of their designated service area. Call 1-800-222-1222 to reach your poison center and ask for instructions on ordering materials in your state. Call during normal business hours. If you live in the DC metro area, you can order materials through this website.
Share this:
FacebookTwitterRedditLinkedInCopy shareable link
data-url="https://www.poison.org/help-and-faq"
Poisoned? Get Expert Help.
Don't guess what you should do. Get accurate Poison Control answers online or by phone. Both are free and confidential.Get HELP ONLINE
or
CALL
1-800-222-1222
Text POISON
to 484848
Save the poison control number and the link to online help NOW! Text-to-save or download directly to save our vcard to your computer and smartphone contacts.
Download Poison Control vcard
Get the App!
Download the free
webPOISONCONTROL® app.
What happens when I call Poison Control?
Poison Control is available 24 hours a day to provide free, expert and confidential guidance in a poison emergency. When you call, a poison specialist will ask you questions to determine the severity of your case, then provide recommendations.
What happens when I call?
Support Us
Help us save lives! Donate now so we can continue to provide 24/7 expert help for poison emergencies. Your donation to our 501(c)(3) charitable organization will keep the phone lines open and the app online.
Donate Now
Subscribe to The Poison Post®
The Poison Post® is a free, quarterly e-newsletter delivering poison prevention tips right to your inbox!
The Poison Post
Learn the Poison Prevention Jingles
Learn the Poison Help jingle in English or Spanish. Use these jingles to teach the Poison Control number: 1-800-222-1222. Available for download.
Jingles
Poison Statistics
National Poison Statistics
What is 1-800-222-1222?
Call 1-800-222-1222 to reach Poison Control anywhere in the United States.
What is 1-800-222-1222?
Local Poison Statistics
Local data are available for the Washington, DC metro area.
Statistics for DC metro area
You're invited!
Your phantom ball invitation
Spike: A preschool poison prevention program
Spike: Quills Up - Stay Away!