https://www.activenetwork.com/information/social-media-policy?clckmp=activecom_global_footer_socialmediaguidelines
ACTIVE Network Social Media Guidelines
Effective Date: March 22, 2019
Communities are the heart of ACTIVE Network. We power the world’s activities and connect people to things that they love, want and need to do. We strive to create an environment that is open and safe for people to express their ideas. Know that because our profiles on social media are public, your posts can be seen by anyone who visits them. While we encourage an open discussion, there is the possibility a post will be removed if it does not fall within our guidelines.
Our social media pages are public and can be viewed or contributed to by anyone, and ACTIVE Network is not responsible for any of the comments or views expressed on it other than our own. We ask that everyone:
• Clearly state questions, concerns and/or discussion topics. Clarity will help us provide any requested responses. • Use common courtesy and respect one another. • Please never post anything confidential that can identify and/or harm an individual.
Customer Service Inquiries ACTIVE Network offers several products/services and supports a multitude of industries. In order to serve you as quickly as possible, we have established various, product/service-specific means by which you can contact us. Commonly used contact information has been provided below for your convenience below. If you are having trouble figuring out which product or support line you need to contact, you may always private message us on Facebook or direct message us on Twitter using the handles listed below and we can guide you to the correct support team.
When contacting us via our support or social media channels, please make sure to:
• Provide a clear and concise list of any challenges you are experiencing. • Provide the contact information (email or phone) we can use to contact you privately off of social media.
Please be aware that our social media pages are moderated by ACTIVE Network employees. While we make it our goal to answer everyone’s questions in a reasonable time, we cannot guarantee that we’ll answer every comment/message.
If you are contacting us regarding administration of one of our products or require immediate assistance, please select your product here: https://www.activenetwork.com/support and use the Contact Us option on the product’s help center.
To contact us regarding Active.com, Active Advantage or another consumer product, please use the Contact Us link here: http://activesupport.force.com/usersupport.
Event Details ACTIVE Network assists with event registrations but cannot answer specific questions regarding event details (e.g., race times, pictures, packet pickup, etc.). All questions regarding event details can be answered by the event director or staff. The event director’s contact information can usually be found on the event’s ACTIVE.com listing page.
Policies Our social media pages are moderated by ACTIVE Network employees. Content will be reviewed to ensure that it follows our guidelines/policies. We reserve the right to delete comments or posts that we deem abusive, inflammatory or otherwise inappropriate. Please be aware: • Our social media accounts and pages are intended to create a dialogue between our customers and ACTIVE Network and its affiliated brands, but they do not replace the appropriate channels for services or general questions. • Our pages are not for submission of any claim, demand, informal or formal complaint, or any other form of legal and/or administrative notice or process, or for the exhaustion of any legal and/or administrative remedy. • Do not post any material that you do not have the right to use. • ACTIVE Network reserves the right to ban users from our page without prior written notice or consent for violations of community policies.
Comments Conversations should be treated just like you were speaking to a real person. We expect that all participants in our social media community will follow the rules of polite discourse and we ask everyone to treat each other, as well as our employees, with respect. We may delete comments or posts that we deem to be: • Inappropriate, obscene, disruptive, profane, and/or irrelevant. • Sexually explicit, indecent, or pornographic material of any kind—including masked profanity where symbols, initials, intentional misspellings, or other characters are used to suggest profane language. • Defamatory, misleading, false, derogatory, abusive, or inflammatory. • Threats, personal attacks, or harassment of any individual, entity, or organization. • Discriminatory, or containing hateful speech of any kind. • Spam, or linking to any site that may lead to spyware, malware, any kind of virus, or similar programs that could cause harm to a user’s computer or digital device.
To nurture a mature level of discourse, we request that all comments stay on topic. That means comments should relate to the topic that is discussed within that post. We welcome critiques that are constructive. We may delete negative comments about ACTIVE Network and/or our competitors that are not relevant to the topic or that do not add to the overall customer experience.
We may delete comments that we deem to be off topic, including solicitations. In addition, we may remove identical posts by the same user or multiple users (a group of people sending identical messages or one person submitting under different aliases). In the case of identical posts, we will leave the first submission and delete the duplicates.
Product User Communities More detailed policies govern our product specific User Communities for our specific ACTIVE Network products. You can find a copy of these policies here.
Third-Party Sites At times we will post links to third-party sites when the information is helpful to the discussion. However, please be aware that this does not in any way make it an official endorsement of the site or company.
Privacy and Security Policies With respect to content collected through our Facebook page, ACTIVE Network follows Facebook's privacy policy, which can be accessed here. Please note that when visiting any official ACTIVE Network Facebook page, when applicable, you are also subject to the terms and conditions of ACTIVE Network's privacy policy and general terms of use, as well as Facebook’s terms of service and privacy policy. To read Facebook's Terms of Service, please click here. To protect your privacy and the privacy of others, please do not include personally identifiable information such as, but not limited, to financial account numbers, mailing addresses, phone numbers, or e-mail addresses in any comment or post. If you do include personally identifiable information in your comment, your comment or post may be deleted.
This documentation applies to all ACTIVE Network social media pages:
ACTIVE NetworkFacebook ACTIVE Network | Twitter @ACTIVENetwork | LinkedIn ACTIVE Network | YouTube ACTIVE Network
ACTIVE.com Twitter @Active | Facebook Active | Pinterest activecom | Instagram @activedotcom | YouTube ACTIVEdotCOM
ACTIVE Kids Twitter @ActiveKids | Facebook ActiveKids | Pinterest activekids