http://www.family.ca/privacy-cookies-policy/
Privacy & Cookies PolicyPrivacy & Cookies Policy – SummaryLast Updated: October 14, 2015Welcome! This Privacy & Cookies Policy Summary governs the websites www.family.ca (including both mobile and online versions) made available by WildBrain Television. (“WildBrain Television”, “we” “our” or “us”), including your use of interactive features and other services that we own and control and that post a link to this Privacy & Cookies Policy Summary (collectively, the “Service”).We understand and appreciate the concerns that parents and families may have with regard to information gathered about visitors to our Service. Additionally, younger, visitors should always check with their parents or guardians before entering information on any website or mobile application and we encourage families to discuss their household guidelines regarding the online sharing of information.This Privacy & Cookies Policy Summary is designed to provide transparency into our privacy practices and principles, in a summary format that our visitors can navigate, read and understand. To the extent that you want additional details about our privacy practices and principles, please visit our full Privacy and Cookies Policy. In addition, please review the Service’s Terms of Use Summary and Terms of Use, which governs your use of the Service. By using our Service, you consent to our Privacy & Cookies Policy and our Terms of Use and our collection, use and sharing of your information and data, and other activities, as described below. If you do not agree to the terms of our Privacy & Cookies Policy, please do not provide us with any information and do not use this Service.To ease review of our Privacy and Cookies Policy, each section below contains a brief summary of our privacy practices and principles and a link to the full explanation. Click on the headings or the “More” buttons to be taken to the full explanation. What Information Does the Service Collect? We collect and receive information about you as you use and interact with the activities available on our Service, explained further in this section.Information You Provide to Us We may collect Personal Information and Demographic Information (defined below) that you provide to us when you provide it to us on the Service. For example, we may collect this information through various forms and in various places on the Service, including when you sign-up for an account to use the Service or when you otherwise interact with the Service (such as when you view and click on activities) offered on the Service. MoreInformation Collected and Stored As You Access and Use the Service Certain information may be collected from you automatically when you access and use the Service. For example, we and third parties may utilize technologies on the Service such as cookies (and others) to collect information about your use of the Service. These technologies may track your activities over time and across other third-party sites and services.Location-Based Information When using our Service, we may obtain information about your location or provide other location-based services to you. MoreInformation Third Parties Provide About You We may obtain information about you from third parties and we combine with the information we collected from you on the Service. MoreInteractions with Third-Party Services If you interact with third-party services, those services may send us information about you and we may send them information about you. MoreCalifornia Do Not Track Disclosures We currently do not look for or respond to browser “do not track” signals, but you may have certain other options regarding tracking and/or targeting. MoreInformation You Provide About a Third Party You may provide us information about others, such as when you send a friend or family member a message. If so, the information you provide (names, email addresses, etc.) may be used to facilitate the communication, but will not be used for other marketing purposes unless your friend or family member consents. You may be identified to the friend or family member in connection with such a message. MoreHow Do We Use The Information Collected?Use of Information By Us We use your Personal Information, Demographic Information and Usage Information for a variety of purposes detailed in this Section. These purposes include processing transactions you request to receive or providing you with information such as to send you electronic newsletters. MoreUse of Information For Recruitment Purposes If you apply for a job with us, we use your application and related information for considering you for a position. MoreHow and When Do We Share Information With Third Parties? We may provide your information to third parties under various circumstances detailed in this Section. These may include:When You Request Information From or Provide Information to Third Parties If you request information from third parties, request that we send information to third parties or interact with third-party web sites, ads, content or tools (including Facebook and other third party share functionality), we may share your information with such parties and/or they may collect your information directly. MoreThird Parties Providing Services on our Behalf Our vendors may collect your information on our behalf or we may share it with them so that they may provide services to us and you. Some may offer you choices regarding the collection and use of your information. MoreTo Protect the Rights of WildBrain and Others There are a variety of administrative and legal reasons for which we may share some or all of your information. MoreAffiliates and Business Transfer We may share your information with our affiliates and we may share your information in the event of a sale, merger or similar transaction involving our company. MoreCo-branded Areas Co-branded areas may include information collection by us and third parties. Such third parties privacy policies, not ours, govern their practices. MoreSweepstakes, Contests and Promotions We collect and use information in connection with sweepstakes, contests and other promotions. MoreYour California Privacy Rights California residents may request information about sharing of certain personal information with third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes by contacting us using the methods described in this section. MoreYour European Privacy Rights Certain European residents have certain data protection rights. MoreWhat About Information I Disclose Publicly or to Others?User Content and Public Information Posting your content in public areas makes it available to others. Please think carefully before deciding what content you post or share on the Service. MoreName and Likeness You grant us the right to use your name and likeness in connection with your posting and activities. MoreAds and Information About You We and third parties may send you targeted ads based on your location, information and/or behavior. If you object, you can exercise choices some third parties may offer. MoreDoes Third-Party Content, Links to Third-Party Sites and/or Third-Party Apps appear on the Service? We may allow you to access third-party content on the Service, or to link to third-party applications and locations from the Service, but we are not responsible for your interaction with third-party content, apps and locations. MoreHow Do I Access, Update or Correct My Information, Communications Preferences and Questions? You may access, update or correct your Personal Information and change your communications preferences by contacting us by email at: privacy@wildbrain.com. More If you have any questions or complaints about the Privacy & Cookies Policy or practices described in it (including the manner in which we or our service providers treat your information), you should contact us in the following ways: Postal Mail: WildBrain Television Ltd., 1478 Queen Street, Halifax, Nova Scotia B3J 2H7 Canada (Attn: Privacy Officer); Email: privacy@wildbrain.com. MoreWhat About the Transfer of Information to Other Countries? You consent to your data being transferred to Canada, the United States and the European Union. MoreWhat Should Parents Know About Children? We recognize the need to provide further privacy protections with respect to personal information we may collect from children under the age of thirteen (13) and do not knowingly collect personal information from children on the Service that requires parental notice and consent under the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act without obtaining such parental consent. If you think we have, let us know. MoreWhat About Security? No data security is absolute, but we endeavor to take reasonable steps to secure data appropriately. MoreWhat About Changes to the Privacy & Cookies Policy? We may change this Privacy & Cookies Policy upon posting of a revised privacy & cookies policy. However, we will continue to treat your Personal Information under the terms of the privacy & cookies policy in effect when it was collected unless you otherwise consent. More