http://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au/conditionsandtreatments/bones-muscles-and-joints
Site Navigation
Page Content
Menu
Caret
Health.vic
Victoria's hub for health services and business
DHHS
A gateway to the strategies, policies, programs and services delivered by the Department of Health & Human Services.
Seniors Online
Victorian government portal for older people, with information about government and community services and programs.
Show search toolbar
Contrast
Sign Up
Login
Search
Type a minimum of three characters then press UP or DOWN on the keyboard to navigate the autocompleted search results
Navigation
Home
Close Menu
Conditions and treatments
Conditions and treatments
Allergies
Allergies
Allergic reaction to packaged food
Anxiety
Arthritis
Asthma
Behavioural conditions
Birth defects
Blood and blood vessels
Bones muscles and joints
Bones muscles and joints
Foot care - podiatrists
Brain and nerves
Cancer
Complementary and alternative care
Dementia
Healthy living
Healthy living
Alcohol
Babies and toddlers (0-3)
Child health (0-6)
Children (4-12)
Drugs and addictive behaviours
Environmental health
Family Violence
Older people in hospital – Get well soon
Health checks
Healthy Eating
Healthy Eating
Nutrition for life
Mens nutrition for life
Healthy mind
Healthy pregnancy
Services and support
Services and support
Aged care services
Alcohol and drug services
LGBTI support
Carers, caring and respite care services
Child, family and relationship services
Disability services
Emergency, crisis and support services
End of life and palliative care services
genetic services and support
Hospitals, surgery and procedures
Mental health services
Planning and coordinating healthcare
A-Z
A-Z
Conditions and treatments
Healthy living
Services and support
Videos
Service profiles
Blog
Blog
Blog authors
Topics
Podcast
Podcast
Influenza - Dr Brett Sutton & Prof Kanta Subbarao
Trauma - Anne Leadbeater OAM & Dr Rob Gordon
template
Other sites
Health.vic
DHHS
Seniors Online
Sitemap
My Health Life
Facebook
Googleplus
Twitter
Youtube
Rss
Conditions and treatments
Healthy living
Services and support
A-Z
Blog
Podcast
Back to
Conditions and treatments
Home
Conditions and treatments
Bones muscles and joints
Bones muscles and joints
Share (show more)
Listen (show more)
Listen
More (show more)
Email
Print
Bones, muscles and joints hold our body together and support freedom of movement. They are part of the musculoskeletal system (also known as the locomotor system). Fractures, back pain and muscle strain are common condition
Bones muscles and joints
The following content is displayed as Tabs. Once you have activated a link navigate to the end of the list to view its associated content. The activated link is defined as Active Tab
Bone muscle and joint basics
Healthy bones muscles and joints
Bone and bone marrow conditions
Osteoporosis
Muscle conditions
Joint conditions
Hand and foot conditions
Back neck and spine conditions
Bone muscle and joint basics
Bone marrow
Bone marrow is the spongy tissue in the hollow centres of a person?s long bones and is the blood cell 'factory'...
Bones
The adult skeleton is made up of 206 bones, which provide the structure for our bodies...
Choosing the right shoe
The right footwear can help keep your feet healthy, make your physical activity easier and help keep your body safe from injury...
Growth hormone
Some athletes and bodybuilders wrongly believe that taking synthetic growth hormone will help build up their muscles...
Joints
A joint is the part of the body where two or more bones meet to allow movement...
Locomotor system
The skeleton and skeletal muscles work together to allow movement...
Muscles
There are about 600 muscles in the human body...
Healthy bones muscles and joints
10 tips for getting enough vitamin D
A balanced UV approach is required to ensure some sun exposure for vitamin D while minimising the risk of skin cancer...
10 tips for safe stretching
Make stretching part of your life ... 10 tips for safe stretching...
10 tips on how to eat more calcium
Reduce your intake of coffee, alcohol and soft drinks... 10 tips on how to eat more calcium...
Ageing - muscles bones and joints
Exercise can prevent age-related changes to muscles, bones and joints and can reverse these changes too...
Bone density testing
Most procedures that measure bone density are quick and pain-free...
Calcium
If you don't have enough calcium in your diet, your bones will eventually become weak and brittle...
Choosing the right shoe
The right footwear can help keep your feet healthy, make your physical activity easier and help keep your body safe from injury...
Posture
Bad habits such as slouching and inactivity cause muscle fatigue and tension that ultimately lead to poor posture...
Vitamin D
A balanced approach to sunlight exposure will help you get enough vitamin D while protecting against skin cancer...
Vitamin D - maintaining levels in winter (video)
Vitamin D is important for healthy bones, muscles and the nervous system...
Bone and bone marrow conditions
Acromegaly
Acromegaly is caused by an excess of growth hormone in adults, which causes the overgrowth of bones in the face, hands, feet and internal organs...
Amyloidosis
A person with amyloidosis produces aggregates of insoluble protein that cannot be eliminated from the body...
Bone cancer
Bone cancer is a rare form of cancer that is treated with chemotherapy, radiotherapy or hormone therapy...
Bone fractures
Common sites for bone fractures include the wrist, ankle and hip...
Fibrous dysplasia
Fibrous dysplasia causes abnormal growth or swelling of bone, but it is not a form of cancer...
Leukaemia
Most children and many adults with acute leukaemia can expect to be cured, while chronic leukaemia can be successfully managed...
McCune-Albright syndrome
The severity of symptoms or how a child with McCune-Albright syndrome will be affected throughout life is difficult to predict...
Multiple myeloma
Multiple myeloma is cancer of plasma cells in the bone marrow...
Osteomyelitis
Osteomyelitis means an infection of bone which can either be recent or longstanding...
Paget's disease of bone
Paget's disease of bone is a chronic condition that causes abnormal enlargement and weakening of bone...
Rib injuries
Rib injuries may include bruises, torn cartilage and bone fractures...
Rickets
Rickets is a preventable childhood bone disease caused by a lack of vitamin D...
Scoliosis
Scoliosis is an abnormal sideways curve of the spine...
Shin splints
'Shin splints' refers to pain felt anywhere along the shinbone from knee to ankle...
Treacher Collins syndrome
Treacher Collins syndrome is a genetic disorder that affects growth and development of the head, causing facial defects and hearing loss...
Osteoporosis
Menopause and osteoporosis
Regular weight-bearing exercise and maintaining a diet rich in calcium from childhood will help reduce bone loss at menopause...
Osteoporosis
A healthy, calcium-rich diet and regular physical activity throughout life can help prevent osteoporosis...
Osteoporosis and exercise
Exercise can reduce the risk of fractures resulting from osteoporosis by both slowing the rate of bone loss, and reducing the person?s risk of falling by building muscle strength and improving balance...
Osteoporosis in children
Osteoporosis in children is rare and usually caused by an underlying medical condition...
Osteoporosis in men
Up to 25 per cent of all fractures that occur in people with osteoporosis and osteopenia, occur in men...
Muscle conditions
Bell's palsy
The majority of people with Bell's palsy, around 90 per cent, will recover completely with time...
Helping a child with a disability with everyday activities
If you have a child with a disability you can help improve their communication and movement by encouraging them to take part in daily activities...
Multiple sclerosis (MS)
Multiple sclerosis is not contagious, but it is progressive and unpredictable...
Muscle cramp
A muscle cramp is an uncontrollable and painful spasm of a muscle...
Muscular dystrophy
People affected by muscular dystrophy have different degrees of independence, mobility and carer needs...
Myasthenia gravis
Myasthenia gravis is an autoimmune disease that causes muscle weakness...
Polymyositis
Polymyositis is hard to diagnose and may be mistaken for muscular dystrophy...
Spinal muscular atrophy (SMA)
A child with spinal muscular atrophy type 1 rarely lives beyond three years of age...
Sprains and strains
It is important to get the correct treatment for a sprain or strain as soon as possible after the injury to help you recover quickly...
Joint conditions
Ankle sprains
Ankle sprain is a common sports injuries caused by overstretching and tearing the supporting ligaments...
Ankylosing spondylitis
Ankylosing spondylitis (AS) is a type of inflammatory arthritis that targets the joints of the spine...
Arthritis explained
People can manage their arthritis using medication, physiotherapy, exercise and self management techniques...
Baker's cyst
Baker's cysts of the knee don't always require active treatment and sometimes will only require observation by the treating doctor...
Bursitis
Bursitis is often caused by overuse and the inflammation will continue unless the particular activity or movement is stopped...
Carpal tunnel syndrome
Carpal tunnel syndrome can be caused by repetitive hand movements, pregnancy and arthritis...
Developmental dysplasia of the hip (DDH)
Around 95 per cent of babies born with developmental dysplasia of the hip can be successfully treated...
Elbow pain
Elbow pain and can result from overuse in a range of sports or occupations...
Hip disorders
The hip joint is complicated to allow a wide range of motion while still supporting the weight of the body...
Knee injuries
Mild knee injuries may heal by themselves, but all injuries should be checked and diagnosed by a doctor or physiotherapist...
Osgood Schlatter syndrome
Osgood-Schlatter syndrome is a painful knee condition that affects adolescents...
Perthes' disease
Most children with Perthes' disease eventually recover, but it can take anywhere from two to five years...
Reactive arthritis
Reactive arthritis is a form of arthritis that occurs as a result of some bacterial infections...
Hand and foot conditions
Achilles tendinopathy
People who run regularly seem to be susceptible to Achilles tendonitis...
Children's feet and shoes
A child learning to walk receives important sensory information from the soles of their feet, and shoes can make walking more difficult...
Choosing the right shoe
The right footwear can help keep your feet healthy, make your physical activity easier and help keep your body safe from injury...
Cysts - ganglion cysts
A ganglion cyst is the most common lump on the hand, and tends to target women between the ages of 20 and 40 years of age...
Diabetes - foot care
Good foot care and regular check-ups can help people with diabetes avoid foot problems...
Dupuytren's contracture
Dupuytren's contracture gradually causes clawing of the fingers as they are pulled towards the palm...
Feet - problems and treatments
Correctly fitted shoes help you avoid foot and leg pain or injury...
Foot care - podiatrists
Podiatrists can advise about how to choose the right shoes for your feet...
Foot odour - causes and cures
Even the most fastidiously clean people can suffer from foot odour...
Foot orthoses
People who have chronic foot or leg problems that interfere with their health may be prescribed orthoses by their podiatrist...
Foot problems - heel pain
The heel protects the structures of the foot, but heel pain is a common foot complaint...
Footwear for healthy feet
Wearing shoes that fit properly and support your feet is vital to avoid sore feet and to prevent or alleviate many common foot problems...
Left-handedness
If your child is naturally left-handed, don't try to force them to use their right hand...
Raynaud's phenomenon
Raynaud's phenomenon can be a sign of a more serious underlying condition, so see your doctor if you experience it...
Sever's disease
Sever's disease is a common cause of heel pain, particularly in the young and physically active...
Back neck and spine conditions
Back pain
Back pain is common. Some people will develop back pain that is persistent (lasts more than three months). There are many things that you can do to live well with back pain...
Back pain – disc problems
Most disc problems resolve without specific treatment...
Back pain in children
Children with back pain may grow into adults with chronic bad backs, so it is important to encourage sensible back care...
Living with persistent pain
Pain is our built-in alarm system. It makes us aware that something might be going wrong in our body. However, there are many things you can do to deal effectively with persistent pain...
Neck pain
Treatments like physiotherapy, osteopathy or remedial massage can generally help neck and shoulder pain...
Scoliosis
Scoliosis is an abnormal sideways curve of the spine...
Shoulder pain
Shoulder pain is common in our community. The good news is that with appropriate treatment pain will improve so you can get back to doing the things you enjoy...
Tendinopathy (Tendonitis)
Most cases of tendonitis recover completely, but severe untreated tendonitis can lead to rupture of the tendon...
Treating persistent pain
Pain is our built-in alarm system. It makes us aware that something might be going wrong in our body. However, there are many things you can do to deal effectively with persistent pain...
When do I need to see my doctor about persistent pain?
Living with persistent pain isn’t easy. Your doctor can help you balance your pain, your treatment and hurdles you encounter in life...
Multilingual resources on bones, muscles and joints Health Translations
See more translations for Bones muscles and joints on Health Translations
Find a doctor
Need to find a doctor in your local area?
Take a look at the general practitioners entry in the health services directory.
Find a doctor
A-Z of conditions and treatments
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
0-9
Explore conditions and treatments
Consumer Medicine Information
Want to know more about the medications you are taking.
Search and find information sheets on over 4,000 prescription and over-the-counter medicines.
Find out more about over 170 common surgeries including risks, benefits and after care.
Recent Activity
7 people have watched a video today
Health topics
Conditions and treatments
Healthy living
Services and support
Explore
Recipes
Healthy pantry
Videos
Consumer medicine information
Multilingual health information - Health Translations Directory
About
About us
Accessibility
Content partners
Privacy
Terms of use
Contact us
Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Page last reviewed: 14 Oct 2015
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au:443/conditionsandtreatments/bones-muscles-and-joints
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au:443/about/privacy
Privacy Statement
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au:443/about/terms-of-use
Copyright Notice
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au:443/about/terms-of-use
Disclaimer Notice
This web site is managed and authorised by the Department of Health & Human Services, State Government of Victoria, Australia
© Copyright State of Victoria 2020.
Back to Top