http://www.sciencebob.com/privacy-policy/
Science Bob
welcome to sciencebob.com
visit the science store
Home
Experiments
Science Fair Ideas
Science Q&A
Research Help
Videos
Experiment Blog
About Bob
Kids: If you would like an e-mail response to a science question, you will need to provide your full e-mail address. Be sure to ask your parents or teacher for permission before you send any information about yourself (your name, e-mail address, etc.) to us or anyone else over the Internet.
Parents & Teachers: We at ScienceBob.com encourage you to get involved with your children’s online usage and to be aware of the activities in which they are participating. Any personally identifiable information (including e-mail addresses) collected by ScienceBob.com on the Internet from visitors will be used only for internal purposes such prize fulfillment, for fulfilling requests for information or materials, and it may sometimes be included in our database. However, such information will never be posted or published by us, or provided to any third parties, without prior consent by parents.
About Give-Aways: From time to time, ScienceBob.com may offer giveaways of science materials to its web site visitors. ScienceBob.com is a non-commercial, educational site, and giveaways contain no marketing materials or obligation. In most cases, giveaways require a self-addressed stamped envelope and only one give-away item is permitted per envelope. Addresses are never shared with third parties, and no further mailings will be sent.
About Links: This site contains links to other internet sites that provide science resources that, at the time they were linked, were geared toward school-age students. ScienceBob.com is not responsible for the content of those linked sites.
ADS (these ads support our free website)
Follow Bob
facebook
youtube
twitter
instagram
Ticktok
Whatever you do DON'T click here
Share This Page
Sciencebob.com
© All rights reserved | Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy | Contact Bob
Web Agency Marketing Media