http://www.acplace.com/privacy-policy.htm
ACPLACE COUNTRY PLACE MALL
PRIVACY POLICY
Home
We meet
the recognised standards of personal privacy protection such as complying with
the requirements of our Data Protection Law in our country of registry.(USA).
This web site does not store or capture personal information, but may log the
user’s IP Address which is automatically recognised by the Web Server.
This site's Web Server/Internet Service Provider (ISP) may use cookies for
collecting user information for system administration of the Web server only.
We advise you that we use a third party technology and links to track activity
to our affiliation with third party merchants and that third party cookies may
be used for tracking that traffic and the purchases of goods from the website
of the third party merchants.
This Privacy Policy Statement only relates to this site and does not
necessarily extend to any linked external or internal Internet/Intranet sites
as these sites should have their own relevant Privacy Policy Statements
included.
Web Browser
The most popular ones are Mozilla Firefox and Microsoft Internet Explorer and
are used to locate and display Web pages.
Cookie
Message given to a Web Browser by a Web Server. The message is then stored by
the browser in a text file called cookie.txt. Each time the browser requests a
page from the server, this message is sent back. A cookie's main objective is
to identify users and personalise their visit by customising web pages for them
for example by welcoming them by name next time they visit the same site. To
accomplish the latter a site using cookies for this purpose will usually invite
you to provide personal information such as your name, e-mail address and
interests. Submission, by you, of these details implies consent for their use.
If the cookies are a concern please be aware that you can disable the cookie
function within your Web Browser. Both Mozilla Firefox and Microsoft Internet
Explorer provide instructions on disabling the feature.
IP (Internet Protocol)
All networks connected to the internet speak IP, the technical standard which
allows data to be transmitted between two devices. TCP/IP (Transmission Control
Protocol/Internet Protocol) is responsible for making sure messages get from
one host to another and that the messages are understood.
IP address
If you are connected to the Internet you have one, for example it may look
something like this 198.184.98.9 Web Server / Internet Services Provider (ISP)
Manages the Internet Service and delivers (serves up) web pages to your
computer.