http://www.fairychildren.com/privacy-policy.shtml
Welcome
to Fairy Children
Black & White
Drawings to Colour
Dingle
Dell, Fun with Pixies & Elves
Children's
Fairy Postcards
Tell
Us
The
Very Young
Older
Children
Poetry & Poems
Children's
Diary
Music
Files
Games
Privacy Policy
Fairies World® is committed to
safeguarding your privacy online.
We are registered under The Data Protection Act 1998. Registration Number:
Z6641220
Please read the following policy to understand how your personal
information will be treated as you make full use of Fairies World®.
This policy may change from time to time so please check back periodically.
This policy will let you know:
What personally information is collected from
you
Do we use cookies?
How your information is used
Who is collecting your information
With whom your information may be shared
The kind of security precautions that are
in place to protect the loss or misuse of your information
What else you should know about your online
privacy
What personally identifiable information is collected
from you
Fairies World® collects information in one way only from
our web site.
We ask you for some personal information on our enquiry form. Back to Top
What cookies are and how they are used
We do NOT use cookies on our web site.
Back to Top
How your information is used
The primary goal of the Fairies World®
is
to collect enough details from you to provide you with answers
to your questions and improve our web site content. Back to Top
Who is collecting your information
When you are asked for personal information on the Fairies World® enquiry
form, you are sharing that information with the Fairies World®. Back to Top
With whom your information may be shared
Your information will not be shared with any third party without
your written consent.
Back to Top
The kind of security precautions that are in place
to protect the loss, misuse, or alteration of your information
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be
guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect
your personal information, Fairies World® cannot ensure or
warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or from
our online services, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive
your transmission, we make our best effort to ensure its security
on our systems.
Back to Top
What else you should know about your online privacy
Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal
information online - for example in ads that you post or through
email - that information can be collected and used by others. In
short, if you post personal information online that is accessible
to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other
parties in return.
Ultimately, you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy
of your passwords and/or any account information. Please be careful
and responsible whenever you're online.
<<< Return
to Previous Page
Fairy
Children | Contact | Privacy
Policy | Tell
Us | Links | Site
Map
All images on Fairies World® are
Copyright© and used with the permission of the originating
artists.
Reproduction of these images in any form is strictly prohibited
Copyright © Fairies World
Internet Safety Information
Website Maintenance by Pixelwave Design