http://www.bookbrowse.com/privacy
Home
The Review
What's New
Editor's Choice
Beyond the Book Articles
Publishing This Week
Coming Soon
Readers Recommend
New in Hardcover
New in Paperback
Book News
Find Books
Cross Reference Themes
Tag Cloud
Best of Year
Award Winners
Young Adults
Surprise Me!
Read-Alikes
Title to Title
Author to Author
Book Clubs
Online Discussions
All Reading Guides
Books by Genre
Books by Theme
Books by Setting
Books by Time Period
Top 10
Advice
Book Club Interviews
Inner Lives of Book Clubs
Authors
Biographies
Interviews
Pronunciation Guide
Author Read-Alikes
Blog
Fun
Ezine: Free Issue
First Impressions
Wordplay
Book Giveaway
Polls
Literary Quotes
Personality Quiz
More
About
Search:
Title
Author
Article
Search String:
BookBrowse Privacy Statement
BookBrowse.com has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy.
The following explains the information gathering and dissemination practices for this website.
GDPR
On May 25, 2018, the European Union implemented the General Data Protection Regulation (EU GDPR). Similar legislation has also been passed in the United Kingdom.
Although this law only effects EU companies or visitors from the EU, we collect and use your personal information within that framework.
CCPA
The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) took effect on January 1st, 2020. This new privacy law also requires
businesses to fully disclose how they treat consumer's personal information. The law was passed specifically
to address privacy concerns for companies that sell customer data; as BookBrowse does not sell any customer data,
it is not directly effected by the CCPA. However, where possible, we have adopted processes to comply with the CCPA.
We have provided a brief summary on the GDPR here.
Specific rights accorded to you by the CCPA can be found here.
Our terms of service can be found here.
Purpose and Data Minimization
BookBrowse is an online magazine for booklovers - including reviews, previews,
"beyond the book" articles, author interviews, and reading guides.
We collect and use your personal information with your approval,
and within the privacy frameworks such as the CCPA, the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (EU GDPR),
and the legislation of the United Kingdom related to data protection.
Personal Information
BookBrowse.com does not collect any personal information about you, unless you explicitly provide it.
Members
In the case of members, we store basic contact information required to provide the services you have requested.
Specifically this includes your name, address, email, telephone number (if supplied). We do not store your credit card information.
If you use the "My Reading Lists" feature, we store your reading lists.
Newsletter Subscribers
If you subscribe to one of our free newsletters, we use a third-party email host for mailings, so your name and email
address are not stored on BookBrowse at all but instead are securely stored at our email host, Constant Contact.
You can unsubscribe to any of our emails, or manage your subscriptions, by going to our
subscriptions page.
Competitions and Giveaways
Email addresses collected when people enter BookBrowse giveaways, quizzes or take part in surveys are
used only to select the winning names unless explicitly stated otherwise (for example, if a giveaway
offers the opportunity to receive information from a publisher, the email address and first name of
those who choose to opt-in will be provided to the publisher.)
If you win a book in a giveaway, or are a member and request a book to read for either our First Impressions or Book Club program, we will give your name and mailing address to the publisher as part of the mailing list for the book but always with explicit
instructions that the list is to be used only to mail the specific book to the specific people listed,
and is not to be stored for future use. From time to time the books being mailed may be e-books, in which case we would provide your first name and email address to the publisher, with the same explicit instruction that the list is only to be used for the one-time mailing.
We have never and will never sell, give-away or rent our mailing list.
The only time we would ever knowingly share your information would be with your express permission, or if ordered
by a court of law.
Financial Information
We make every effort to protect BookBrowse from malicious attack, and comply with industry best practices
and standards such as Payment Card Industry (PCI) Security Standards.
We do not store any credit card information on BookBrowse - it is passed directly to our payment processor, Paypal.
For common questions about internet security, and some of BookBrowse's specific security, please click here .
Cookies
BookBrowse (like the majority of websites) uses "cookies".
When you visit us, BookBrowse's
server sends a tiny file (cookie) to your computer containing a sequence of letters and numbers.
This is stored on your computer in a special folder for cookies.
If you visit BookBrowse again, your computer will check its files to see if a cookie matches, and if
so it will send this little file back to BookBrowse, so that you are recognized as a returning visitor.
This helps us calculate how many people visit in total and when they visit, but we do not
collect personal information about you at all.
We also do not track or record your visits to other
websites, or any other Internet activity not related to BookBrowse.
This is what the contents of a typical BookBrowse cookie file looks like:
CFID 212442 bookbrowse.com/1536 3546759168 29693834
The cookies used by BookBrowse fall into the following categories:
1) Website Operation
Information essential in order to enable you to move around the website and use its features,
such as (in the case of members) accessing secure areas of the website. Without these cookies, services
you have asked for, such as managing your account information, cannot be provided.
You cannot opt out of these cookies.
Strictly Necessary: These are essential for the operation of the website.
Cookie Name
Originating Company
Purpose
cfidcftoken
BookBrowse
Website Operation
User Selected: These are applied if the you interact with the website.
Cookie Name
Originating Company
Purpose
bpop
BookBrowse
Records if you have been offered to subscribe to our newsletter
ck_priv
BookBrowse
Manages display of privacy alert.
2) Performance
We collect information about how visitors use BookBrowse, for instance which pages visitors
go to most often. These cookies don't collect information that identifies a visitor individually; all information
is aggregated and therefore anonymous; it is only used to improve how BookBrowse works.
BookBrowse uses the following third-party cookies to track website useage and performance.
Cookie Name
Originating Company
Purpose
Opting Out
_ga_gid_gat
Google
These cookies allow us to count user visits and traffic sources so that we can measure and improve the site performance using Google Analytic services.
Click here to opt-out of Google Analytics
__atuvc_atuvs
AddThis
This cookie allows you to share information with Social networking sites.
Click here to opt-out of AddThis cookies
Data Protection Declaration for the Use of Google Analytics as a Web Analysis Tool
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service of Google Inc. ("Google", 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043, USA). The information about your visit produced by cookies are transmitted to a Google Server in the United States and stored there. In case of IP-anonymisation on our website, your IP address is shorted by Google within EU members States or other contracting States of the European Economic Area prior to transmission.
In exceptional cases, the full IP address is transmitted to a Google Server in the US and shorted there. Google will use this information to assess your use of the website, compile reports on website activities and render other services connected to website and internet use. The IP address transmitted by your browser within the service of google Analytics will not be connected to other Google data.
Advertising
Occasionally publishers running ads on BookBrowse use third-party advertising companies to serve their ads.
If you click on these ads, the advertiser may then use cookies to track your visits to
their and other websites in order to provide ads that may be of interest to you. If
you would like more information about this practice, or you would like to opt out from having
your data collected by some advertising networks, visit the DAA opt-out program
(currently available at http://www.aboutads.info/choices/)
or the NAI opt out program (currently available at http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/).
European visitors may wish to visit the EDAA opt-out program (currently available at http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/).
Tell-A-Friend
Visitors sometimes wish to tell a friend about a particular page at BookBrowse, or send themselves a reminder.
For this reason, like many other websites, BookBrowse provides a convenient 'tell-a-friend' tool that allows you to send a personal message to a friend telling them about BookBrowse.
Email addresses are used only to send this one-time message, and are not stored or recorded by BookBrowse in any way.
"My Reading List"
Members have the option of creating and storing book lists on BookBrowse - for example to keep
track of books read and to read. Members can also record their personal thoughts on these books.
At this time, member reading lists can only be viewed by the individual member when that member
is logged in. They are not available to the general public to view at all. Some members have
requested that BookBrowse provide the ability for lists to be made public - either so that
the member can provide access to specific people or so that their lists are freely available
to all internet users. At the moment BookBrowse does not allow this, but if we were to in the future,
the default setting would be that a list remains private unless an individual member specifically
opts to make his or her list(s) public.
Information Provided by Third Parties
Third Party Content
BookBrowse contains a considerable amount of information provided by third parties, including, but not
limited to, advertising, excerpts, reviews, interviews, book summaries and text links.
As such,
content at BookBrowse.com does not necessarily represent the views of the owners of BookBrowse LLC
and is not endorsed by us.
Third Party Links
This site contains links to other sites, including but not limited to, banner advertising and text
links. BookBrowse LLC is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of any third party
sites, and a link to a third party site should not be seen as an endorsement by BookBrowse of that site.
The "Buy This Book" links contain affiliate information, which means BookBrowse may receive a
small commission if you purchase the book using these links. For example, as an Amazon Associate BookBrowse
earns from qualifying purchases at Amazon.
Security
While no online service is 100% secure, we work very hard to protect information about you against
unauthorised access, use, alteration, or destruction, and take reasonable measures to do so.
As has been described, we do not store credit card information at BookBrowse. Your passwords are encoded, and
not readable by us. The entire website is secured using HTTPS, meaning all communications between your browser
and the website are encrypted. And finally, we comply with the Credit Card Industry PCI guidelines, which provides a
long list of security requirement to minimise the risk of unauthrixed data access.
Your Rights
Under both the CCPA and the EU GDPR and at any time, you have the right to address the controller or our data processing officer and request
information on how your data is stored and used. You also have a right to rectification of your data. Or
you can have the processing restricted, meaning a right to have processing limited to parts of your data.
At any time, you may object to the processing of your personal data. When you do so, we will check whether
there are any conflicting legal transmitting and processing obligations and inform you accordingly. You also
have a right to data portability, meaning that we hand over your data in a structured, commonly used and
machine-readable format determined by us upon your request.
You may also request that we delete your personal data.
In addition, if you feel that we do not treat your personal data properly and as laid out in this Policy,
you have a right to complain to the supervisory authority responsible for your country.
When you've given your consent to the processing of your data you may, of course, revoke your consent at
any time.
If you receive emails from us, you also have a right to object at any time so that we stop sending you emails.
Name of the controller:
BookBrowse LLC (Limited Liability Company)
Chief Executive Officer:
Davina Morgan-Witts
BookBrowse LLC
19630 Allendale Ave, #2157
Saratoga, CA, 95070
E-Mail: info@bookbrowse.com
Data Protection Officer:
Paul Morgan-Witts
BookBrowse LLC
19630 Allendale Ave, #2157
Saratoga, CA, 95070
E-Mail: privacyofficer@bookbrowse.com
Contacting BookBrowse.com
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings
with this website, please contact us.
Last updated December 2019
Join & Save $10!
Discover books that entertain, engage & enlighten. One-year membership: $29
Find out more
Award Winners
The Splendid and the Vile
by Erik Larson
Voted 2020 Best Nonfiction Award Winner by BookBrowse Subscribers
An impressive 23 out of 24 ...
The Invisible Life of Addie LaRue
by Victoria E. Schwab
Voted 2020 Best Fiction Award Winner by BookBrowse Subscribers
In The Invisible Life of Addie ...
We Are Not from Here
by Jenny Torres Sanchez
Voted 2020 Best Young Adult Award Winner by BookBrowse Subscribers
Pulga and Chico are only dimly...
The Mountains Sing
by Nguyen Phan Que Mai
Voted 2020 Best Debut Award Winner by BookBrowse Subscribers
All 23 of our First Impressions ...
See Top 20 including Award Winners
Book Club Discussion
Sorrowby Tiffanie DeBartolo
A poignant story about friendship and love, art and music, and how these pursuits can save us from ourselves.
About
Discuss
Readers Recommend
Migrationsby Charlotte McConaghy
An instant bestseller set on the brink of catastrophe, for readers of Flight Behavior and Station Eleven.
Reader Reviews
Win This Book!
Winner of BookBrowse's Best Fiction Award
New York Times bestselling author V. E. Schwab's genre-defying tour de force.
Enter
Wordplay
The Big Holiday Wordplay
Enter Now
Books that     entertain,     engage & enlighten
Visitors can view some of BookBrowse for free. Full access is for members only.
Join Today!
Your guide toexceptional          books
BookBrowse seeks out and recommends the best in contemporary fiction and nonfiction—books that not only engage and entertain but also deepen our understanding of ourselves and the world around us.
Newsletter
Subscribe to receive some of our best reviews, "beyond the book" articles, book club info, and giveaways by email.
Book Submissions
Advertising
Newsletters
Library Subscriptions
Reviewing for BookBrowse
Apps
Contact Us
X
Free Weekly Newsletters
Keep up with what's happening in the world of books:Reviews, previews, interviews and more!
Spam Free: Your email is never shared with anyone; opt out any time.