http://www.92y.org/privacy-security-statement
Search
Please Wait...
Subtotal: $0.00
Does not include service & handling fees, if applicable.
Home
Events
Events
Watch now
Classes
Explore
Explore
After-School Enrichment & Remote Learning Support Programs
After-School Enrichment & Remote Learning Support Programs
Virtual After-School Live
Camps
Camps
Yomi
Ilanot
Tova & Bari Tov
K’Ton Ton
Trailblazers
Camp Pride
Summer Programs at 92Y
Short-term Sleep Away: Kesher
Zoom-In
More Information
Join Our Team
About
Camp Events
Virtual Camp Live
Virtual Camp Live
Ages 2-5
Ages 5-11
Concerts
Concerts
Billie Holiday
Charlie Parker
Jazz Weekend
Classical Subscriptions
Continuing Education
Continuing Education
92U: The new online university of the 92nd Street Y
92U: The new online university of the 92nd Street Y
The Great Thinkers
The Arts
History
Cooking, Food & Drink
Current Events, Politics & Economics
Literature
Health & Fitness
Health & Fitness
At Home with the May Center
Membership
Personal Training
Group Classes
About
Donate Your Dues
Dance
Jewish Life
Jewish Life
Adult Classes
XYZ Jewish Life
Shababa
Shababa
Concerts & Videos
CDs & Toys
Email sign up
Jewish Innovation Fellowship
Jewish Innovation Fellowship
5778 Fellows
5779 Fellows
High Holidays
Dinners, Holidays & Celebrations
Talks
About Us
Innovation
Innovation
In the Spotlight
Meet Our Team
Thought Partners and Supporters
Kids & Family
Kids & Family
After-School
Birthday Parties
Birthday Parties
1-hour Parties & Kids Konnections
1-hour Parties & Kids Konnections
1-hour Parties & Kids Konnections Registration
Virtual Birthday Parties
Virtual Birthday Parties
Virtual Birthday Party Registration
Virtual Kids Konnections
Virtual Kids Konnections
Virtual Kids Konnection Registration
Camps
Jewish Family Programs
Nursery School
Parenting
Scholarships
School Initiatives
School of Art
School of Dance
School of Music
Sports, Gymnastics & Swim
Musical Theater
Musical Theater
Classes
Staff
Support Musical Theater
Nursery School
Nursery School
About
Faculty & Staff
Tuition & Application Procedures
After-School Enrichment Programs
Parent Association & Community Engagement
Kindergarten Admissions Process
Parenting
Parenting
Parenting Center Resources
Parenting Center Resources
Ask Sally
Grandparents Center Recommended Reading
Processing Difficult Events
Parenting Center Podcast
At Home with the Parenting Center
Sally's monthly column
Slide into Summer
Planning starts here
Bonding starts here
Discovery starts here
Parkbench
Ask the Experts
Parent/Caregiver Connections
Grandparents Center
2s Together
Poetry
Poetry
Literary Events
Watch now
Workshops & Seminars
Workshops & Seminars
Manuscript Submission Guidelines
Young Writers Workshop
Student Work
Outreach
Exhibitions & Anthologies
Exhibitions & Anthologies
Lucille Clifton Anthology
Lucille Clifton Anthology
DéLana R.A. Dameron
Natalia Mercedes Rodriguez
Cameron Awkward-Rich
Wes Matthews
Sally Wen Mao
Nathaniel Isiah Swanson
Aimee Nezhukumatathil
Courtney Faye Taylor
Aracelis Girmay
Aaliyah Daniels
Jake Skeets
Rickey Strachan
Raquel Salas Rivera
A New Colossus
A New Colossus
Maya Popa
Safiya Sinclair
Amanda Calderon
Marcelo Hernandez Castillo
Craig Santos Perez
Gala Mukomolova
Lynn Melnick
sam sax
Monica Sok
Paul Tran
Carolina Ebeid
Cathy Linh Che
Jayson P Smith
Jenny Xie
Kaveh Akbar
Kenzie Allen
Diana Khoi Nguyen
Hafizah Geter
Javier Zamora
WordsWeLiveIn
WordsWeLiveIn
Featured Content
Featured Content
Week 2
Week 3
Week 4
Week 5
Week 6
Week 7
Week 8
Week 9
Global Partners
Toolkit
Press Release
Love the Words Virtual Exhibition
Dylan Thomas Virtual Exhibition
Poetry Contest
Poetry Contest
Discovery Guidelines
Discovery Winners
Podium
Podium
Issue 15
About Us
Residence
Residence
Application
Rooms & Rates
Amenities
Location
Availability
Frequently Asked Questions
Groups
About Us
Info for Current Residents
Young Leaders
Young Leaders
Staff & Faculty
Young Leaders Inquiry Form
Young Leaders Registration
Gilda and Henry Block School of the Arts
Gilda and Henry Block School of the Arts
Art Center
Art Center
Art Classes
Art Talks
Ceramics
Ceramics
Adult Classes
Children & Teen Classes
About Us
Virtual Clay
Virtual Clay OnDemand
Ceramics Annual Sale
Fine Art & Design
Fine Art & Design
Adult classes
Children & Teen Classes
Children's classes
Teen classes
Visiting Artists & Workshops
Fine Art & Design Faculty
Jewelry Center
Jewelry Center
Adult classes
Children & Teen Classes
Talks
About Us
Jewelry Residency
Jewelry Residency
Past Residencies
Past Residencies
2017 Artist-in-Residence
2019 Artist-in-Residence
2018 Artist-in-Residence
Visiting Artists & Workshops
Art Travel
Gallery Exhibits
Gallery Exhibits
Current Exhibition
Past Exhibitions
Works in Progress
Works in Progress
Between Land and Sea
Support
Mission
About
Recanati-Kaplan Program for Excellence in the Arts
Recanati-Kaplan Program for Excellence in the Arts
FAQ
School of Music
School of Music
About Us
About Us
Scholarships
Testimonials
Private Instruction Faculty
Group Instruction
Chamber Music Coaches
Children's Classes
Adult Classes
Private Lessons
Private Lessons
Private Lesson Inquiry Form
Support the School of Music
Harkness Dance Center
Harkness Dance Center
Performances
Performances
Harkness Dance Festival
Dance Education Laboratory
Dance Education Laboratory
DEL Initiatives
DEL Faculty
Classes
Classes
Dance Class FAQs
Dance Class Cards
Mobile Dance Film Festival
About
About
Faculty
Himan Brown 60+ Program
Himan Brown 60+ Program
Class Schedule
Faculty & Staff
Membership
Support Us
Talks
XYZ
The Archives
The Archives
Performance History
Performance History
Performance History Events
Featured Series
Featured Series
145th Anniversary
7 Days of Genius
92Y Confronts Hate
Concerts on WNYC
Elie Wiesel Archive
Fashion Icons
Guitar Talks
How To
Virtual Clay OnDemand
Watch Live
Parenting Podcast
Poetry Center Online
Poetry Center Online
75 at 75: Writers on Recordings
Record a Poem
92Y/The Paris Review: Interview Series
Read By
Reel Pieces
Talks Podcast
Bronfman Center for Jewish Life
Recently Added
Topics
Topics
Arts & Entertainment
Business & Finance
Comedy
Concerts
Dance
Health, Fitness, & Sport
Jewish Interest
Literary
News & Politics
Parenting Perspectives
Science & Technology
On Demand
Support
Support
Friends of 92Y Benefits
Give
Donate Now
Our Donors
Corporate Sponsorship
Program Funders
Your Impact
Your Impact
Donors
Board of Directors
Executive Leadership
Your Impact 2020
About
About
Mission & History
Mission & History
Timeline
Centers
Who We Are
Policies
Policies
Privacy & Security Statement
Press
Press Resources
Press Resources
A Brief Overview
What People Are Saying
Fast Facts: 92Y Today
Basic Stats: Facts & Figures
Benchmarks & Breakthroughs: Historical Highlights
Financial Statements
Rentals
Rentals
Kaufmann Concert Hall
Kaufmann Concert Hall
Cinema-D Projection System
Kaufmann Concert Hall Audio Recording and House Sound System
Stage Lighting System
Stage Rigging Lineset Schedule
Stage Specifications
Video Recording System
Buttenwieser Hall & Lounge
Warburg Lounge
Weill Art Gallery
Gymnasia & Pool
Information Collected Automatically
92nd Street Y's website collects some anonymous information about users automatically when individuals request pages through a browser. When you visit 92Y-operated sites, we collect the IP address of the device you use to connect to the internet. In addition, we gather information about the type of browser you are using (including the specific version), the type of operating system you have on your computer, and from which site you came.
When you browse our site or receive one of our emails, 92Y uses cookies and/or web beacons (sometimes referred to as “pixel tags”) to collect information and store your online preferences. Cookies are widely used and most browsers are set up to accept them automatically. If you would prefer, you can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, which lets you choose whether or not to accept it, or set your browser to automatically block any cookies. Please note that if you decide to set your browser to block cookies, some features and services on our site may not work properly because we may not be able to recognize you. In addition, any offers we may provide when you visit us may not be as relevant to you or tailored to your interests.
It is important to note that cookies and web beacons do not capture any information that can personally identify you. The information they gather helps us improve your interactions with 92Y’s sites, as well as our communications with you, and may include:
Your response to one of our emails
Time and duration of your visit to our site
Pages you viewed while on our site
This information is used to provide an optimal shopping experience and better service throughout the site. We may also supplement the information we collect with information we receive from other companies. For example, we may use marketing segments developed by us or other companies to customize certain offerings.
Information Collected Voluntarily
92nd Street Y may also gather personal information that you provide us, including your name or (if applicable) your student’s name, email addresses, address and phone number when you:
Complete a transaction, including purchases, RSVPs, donations and signing up for communications.
Personal information we collect may be used alone or in combination with other information about you we have acquired, including information from third parties, or that is publicly available, in order to customize or personalize the communications and offerings you receive.
You can help 92nd Street Y maintain the accuracy of your personal information by updating your profile here. Please let us know when you change your address, phone number or email address. This information may be used to contact you about classes, programs and events that may be of interest to you.
Child Information Policy
We do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 13. Any portion of 92Y’s sites intended for children under 13 will not request any personal information. In the event that we learn that we have inadvertently gathered personal information from children under the age of 13, we will take reasonable measures to promptly erase such information from our records.
How the Information is Used
The following are examples of how 92nd Street Y might use the personal information it collects:
1. Operation of Our Business and Our Websites
92nd Street Y uses the information we collect about and from you in connection with the operation of our business (for example, to communicate with you concerning events to which you have purchased tickets), and to offer an enhanced, personalized online experience on our site.
The information we collect allows us to:
Recognize you when you return to our site so we can personalize your experience
Process applications and transactions
Respond to your requests
Provide you with relevant product and service offers on our site and in email advertising
2. Sharing Information With Certain Third Parties
With the exceptions below, we will not share personal information about you with any other entity.
A. Our Service Providers
We provide your information to third-party companies to perform services on our behalf, including payment processing, data analysis, email delivery, hosting services, customer care, and to assist in our marketing efforts. We direct all such third-party service providers to maintain the confidentiality of the information disclosed to them and not to use your information for any purpose other than to provide services on 92Y’s behalf.
Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on your prior visits to our website or other websites. Google’s use of advertising cookies enables it and its partners to serve ads to you based on their visit to our site and/or other sites on the Internet. You may opt out of personalized advertising by visiting Ads Settings.
B. Co-Presentations and Rentals
We may share personal information that you give us with third-party co-presenters and rental clients, but only if you purchase tickets to their events.
C. Purposes of Safety, Security, and Compliance With the Law
Your information and the contents of your private online communications may be accessed and disclosed (i) in response to legal process (for example, a court order, search warrant, or subpoena); (ii) when we have a good-faith belief that we are required to disclose the information in response to legal process; (iii) in other circumstances in which 92nd Street Y believes the 92y.org site is being used in the commission of a crime (including exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit-risk reduction); (iv) when we have a good-faith belief that there is an emergency that poses a threat to the safety of you or another person; and (v) when necessary either to protect the rights or property of 92nd Street Yl, including to enforce our Terms of Service or to render the service you have requested.
Security Statement
92nd Street Y works to ensure that all of the transactions that occur on its website are secure. All credit card numbers submitted to the site are encrypted using 128-bit Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption, which is the industry standard. You may further ensure your security by protecting against unauthorized access to your login and password, and you should sign off after using a shared computer.
Should you purchase any products directly from 92nd Street Y, we will use your credit card number only to process your transactions. Your credit card information will not be stored on our servers.
Terms and Conditions of Use
Access to and use of 92nd Street Y website's text, images and data is subject to the following terms and conditions:
92nd Street Y retains all rights, including copyright, in data, image, text and any other information contained in these files.
The material contained in this website is copyrighted by 92nd Street Y or by third parties from whom we have obtained permission to publish their materials on the website and whose credit line appears in association with their copyrighted information. Any commercial use or publication of any material from 92nd Street Y's website is strictly prohibited.
92nd Street Y's image and text files on this website are made available for noncommercial, educational and personal use only.
Linking to Third-Party Sites
92nd Street Y has not reviewed all of the sites linked to the website and is not responsible for the content of any off-site pages or other sites linked to the website. Your linking to any off-site pages or other sites is at your own risk. 92Y provides these links as a convenience only, and a link does not imply endorsement of, sponsorship of, or affiliation with the linked site by 92nd Street Y.
Warranty Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability
92nd Street Y makes no representation of any kind regarding the site content or any portion thereof. All site content is provided in "AS IS" condition. 92Y does not warrant the accuracy of the materials provided herein, either expressly or by implication, for any particular purpose and expressly disclaims any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. Although the information provided to you on this site is obtained or compiled from sources we believe to be reliable, 92nd Street Y cannot and does not guarantee the accuracy, validity, timeliness or completeness of any information or data made available to you for any particular purpose.
Governing Law
These terms and conditions are governed by applicable Federal law and the law of New York State, without regard to its conflict of laws or choice of laws provisions.
Policy Changes
Occasional changes may be made to this document as new services and content are added to our site or to reflect changes in 92nd Street Y's policies. Visitors to 92nd Street Y's website are encouraged to check this document periodically to stay informed of current privacy guidelines.
Acceptance of Terms
By using 92nd Street Y's website, you signify your acceptance of our Privacy Statement. If you do not agree to this, please do not use our sites. Your continued use of any 92nd Street Y site following the posting of changes to these terms will indicate your acceptance of those changes.
Contact Information
For more information, contact us via email.
92nd Street Y Public Wi-Fi Acceptable Use Policy
92nd Street Y Wi-Fi Service is a free wireless internet service provided to 92nd Street Y patrons and residents. 92nd Street Y Wi-Fi Service Acceptable Use Policy is intended to help enhance the use of the internet by preventing unacceptable use. You, as a user of this service, must comply with this Policy. By using 92nd Street Y Wi-Fi Service, you acknowledge and agree to follow this Policy and the terms of this Policy as stated. Your violation of this Policy may result in the suspension or termination of your access to the Service and/or other actions including, but not limited to, cooperation with legal authorities and/or third parties involved in the investigation of any suspected or alleged crime or civil wrongdoing.
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless 92nd Street Y and its affiliates, officers, employees, agents, suppliers, sponsors or other partners from any and all third party claims, liabilities, costs, and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, arising from your use of the Service, your violation of this Agreement, or your violation of any rights of another.
92nd Street Y Wi-Fi Service Acceptable Use Policy prohibits the following:
Using the Service to transmit or receive any material that, intentionally or unintentionally, violates any applicable local, state, national or international law, or any rule or regulations promulgated thereunder.
Using the Service to harm, or attempt to harm other persons, businesses or other entities.
Using the Service to transmit any material that threatens or encourages bodily harm or destruction of property or harasses another.
Using the Service to make fraudulent offers to sell or buy products, items, or services or to advance any type of financial scam.
Adding, removing, or modifying identifying network header information in an effort to deceive or mislead is prohibited. Attempting to impersonate any person by using forged headers or other identifying information is prohibited.
Using the Service to transmit or facilitate any unsolicited commercial email or unsolicited bulk email.
Using the Service to access, or to attempt to access, the accounts of others, or to penetrate, or attempt to penetrate, security measures of 92nd Street Y Wi-Fi Service or another entity’s computer software or hardware, electronic communications system or telecommunications system, whether or not the intrusion results in the access, corruption or loss of data.
Using the Service to transmit any material that infringes any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, or other proprietary rights of any third party, including, but not limited to, the unauthorized copying of copyrighted material, the digitization and distribution of photographs from magazines, books or other copyrighted sources, and the unauthorized transmittal of copyrighted software.
Using the Service to collect, or attempt to collect, personal information about third parties without their knowledge or consent.
Reselling the Service.
Using the Service for any activity which adversely affects the ability of other people or systems to use 92nd Street Y Wi-Fi Service or the Internet. This includes “denial of service” (DoS) attacks against another network host or individual user. Interference with or disruption of other network users, network services or network equipment is prohibited. It is your responsibility to ensure that your network is configured in a secure manner.
Using your personal account for high volume or commercial use is prohibited. The Service is intended for periodic, active use of email, newsgroups, file transfers, Internet chat, messaging, and browsing of the Internet. You may stay connected so long as you are actively using the connection for the above purposes. You may not use the Service on a standby or inactive basis in order to maintain a connection. Accordingly, 92nd Street Y maintains the right to terminate your connection following any extended period of inactivity.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. You assume total responsibility for use of the Service and the Internet and access the same at your own risk. 92nd Street Y and its affiliates, officers, employees, agents, suppliers, sponsors or other partners, has no responsibility whatsoever for the content accessible or actions taken on the internet and 92nd Street Y Wi-Fi Service network, and shall not be liable to you for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages of any kind including, but not limited to, any loss of use, loss of business, and/or loss of profit, arising out of or related to this terms of service. Under no circumstances will 92nd Street Y and its affiliates, officers, employees, agents, suppliers, sponsors or other partners of 92nd Street Y Wi-Fi Service be liable to you or any third parties for any amount.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES. The Service is provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis. 92nd Street Y and its affiliates, officers, employees, agents, suppliers, sponsors or other partners, makes no warranty of any kind, written or oral, statutory, express or implied, including any warranty of merchantability, infringement, or fitness for a particular purpose. No advice or information given by 92nd Street Y and its affiliates, officers, employees, agents, suppliers, sponsors or other partners of 92nd Street Y Wi-Fi Service shall create a warranty. 92nd Street Y and its affiliates, officers, employees, agents, suppliers, sponsors or other partners does not warrant that the Service will be uninterrupted, error-free, or free of viruses or other harmful components.
REVISIONS TO THIS ACCEPTABLE USE POLICY. Representatives of 92nd Street Y Wi-Fi Service reserve the right to revise, amend, or modify this Policy, other policies and agreements at any time and in any manner. Notice of any revision, amendment, or modification will be posted in accordance with the Internet Service.
If you are experiencing a problem with the WiFi service, please let a staff member know; we may not have the available staff to assist you with connecting, but we will report the issue to our IT department.
Help sustain our beloved institution
Donate now through December 31 your gift will be matched dollar for dollar.
$ 50$ 100$ 250$ 500$ 1,000$ 2,500
$
Not now
Make this donation monthly
more info »
Your donation will be automatically billed to your credit card each month. At the close of each year, you will receive a letter recording your 92Y gifts for tax purposes. You may change or cancel your payments at any time.
I would love to support you but cannot make a donation right now