https://www.sscot.org.uk/about/privacy-policy/
The Scottish Schools Orchestra Trust is the “Data Controller” under the definition in the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). This notice outlines what information we collect from you and how we use it.
What information do we collect?
At the application stage we collect name, age, address, and telephone numbers, along with information about the child’s instrument, playing experience, schooling, and prior relationship with SScOT. We collect this:
So that we can contact you with information about the course
So that we can plan and administrate the course effectively
So we can choose appropriate repertoire for the course
So we can create anonymised statistical data to provide to our funders
This data will be retained for the purposes of contacting previous participants in the case of any alumni activities being held. You may request that the data be removed at any time.
Submitting this data is a requirement of enrolling on a SScOT course. If you are not willing to provide this information then your child will not be able to take part in our events.
Please note that online payment facilities on our website are supplied by Stripe. Card details used for making payments are transferred to Stripe, not to us. SScOT does not have access to any payment card information. Alternative payment options are supplied for those who do not wish to pay online.
Course-specific information
Ahead of the summer course you will be asked to fill in a form giving details of emergency contacts during the course dates, as well as details of any medical issues that affect your child. We also collect a photo of your child. This helps the course staff get to know the participants as quickly as possible at the start of the week.
We collect this:
So that we can offer the highest standards of pastoral care during the course
So that we can ensure you are contacted should any issue arise during the course that affects your child
This information will be distributed to house parents and will be accessible by all course staff during the course. If you are not willing to provide this information then your child will not be able to take part in our event as we will not be able to guarantee their safety.
This information will only be held for the duration of the course and will be destroyed at the end of the course. You will need to resubmit the information each year that your child attends a SScOT residential course.
Email Marketing
We would like to be able to contact you about upcoming SScOT activity, and therefore we are compiling an email mailing list through MailChimp which will be used to distribute information about upcoming events. Enrolling onto a SScOT course does not automatically lead to enrolment onto the mailing list and you will need to sign up directly so that we can show we have your consent to send you emails. Anyone may add themselves to the mailing list at any time using the link on our homepage or by emailing admin@sscot.org.uk.
You will remain on the mailing list until you choose to unsubscribe.
How is the information stored?
The personal information provided when you apply for a SScOT event is stored and processed by SScOT in the UK.
By signing up to our mailing list you are agreeing for your data to be transferred to and stored by MailChimp in the US. Mailchimp complies with EU data privacy rules.
Access to your information and correction
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. If you would like a copy of some or all of your personal information, please email us at admin@sscot.org.uk. We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. You may ask us to correct or remove information you think is inaccurate.
What if I want my data removed?
You can contact us by email at admin@sscot.org.uk and request to opt out of the mailing list, or request that all data that we hold on you and your child be deleted from our records. Please note that if your child is enrolled on an upcoming course we will need to retain their data until the end of that course.
Who else will see my data?
We promise never to share any personal information or contact details with any organisation outside of SScOT. Personal information will be passed to course staff where necessary in hard copy format only so that it can be collected and destroyed at the end of a course.
Other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites. This privacy policy only applies to this website so when you link to other websites you should read their own privacy policies.
Changes to our privacy policy
We keep our privacy policy under regular review and we will place any updates on our website. This privacy policy was last updated in February 2018.
Cookies
Like many websites we cookies in order to provide you with a more personalised web service. A cookie is a text only string of information that we pass to your computer’s hard disk through your web browser so that the website can remember who you are.
Cookies cannot be used by themselves to identify you. A cookie will typically contain the name of the domain from which the cookie has come, the ‘lifetime’ of the cookie, and a value, usually a randomly generated unique number. For more information about cookies, please see www.allaboutcookies.org.
We mainly use only one type of cookies on our website:
Per session cookies, which are temporary cookies that remain in the cookies file of your browser until you leave the site. More specifically we use the following cookies which carry out the functions described:
__utma – This is a Google Analytics cookie and tracks the number of times you have visited the website.
__utmb and __utmc – This is another Google Analytics cookie and acts to calculate how long you have spent on the website in each session.
__utmz – This Google Analytics cookie tracks what search engine you have visited the site from and which search terms you used to find the website.
The cookies we use are designed to help you get the most from our website but if you do not wish to receive cookies you can easily modify your web browser to refuse cookies, or to notify you when you receive a new cookie. To change your settings for your web browser you will need to go to your advanced preferences. However, you may not be able to use all the interactive features of our site if cookies are disabled, and so in order to enjoy the site to the full, we recommend that you leave them switched on. For further instructions on how to stop cookies being installed on your browser, please see: www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies.
Who can I contact if I have any concerns or complaints?
Please contact Kate Whitlock, Director, on admin@sscot.org.uk or write to SScOT, 5 Springwood Park, Edinburgh EH16 6JL.
If you are not satisfied with our response or believe we are processing your personal data not in accordance with the law you can complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO).