http://www.acegames.com/acegames/privacy.html
Ace Games Privacy Statement
Play games
Ace Video Poker
Ace Slots
Ace Blackjack
Leader Boards
Ace Video Poker
Ace Slots
Home Pages
Ace Games
Ace Video Poker
Ace Slots
Ace Blackjack
Info
Link to us
Awards
Ace Games has created this privacy
statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following
discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this
website: www.acegames.com
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and
to administer our Web site. Your IP address is used to help identify you
and your shopping cart. We use cookies to deliver content specific to your
interests and for other purposes.
This site contains links to other sites. acegames.com is not
responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Our online surveys ask visitors for contact information (like their
email address) and demographic information (like their zip code, age, or
income level). Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the
choice/opt-out section below. Demographic and profile data is also collected
at our site. This information is shared with advertisers on an aggregate
basis.
We use an outside ad company to display ads on our site. These ads may
contain cookies. While we use cookies in other parts of our Web site, cookies
received with banner ads are collected by our ad company, and we do not
have access to this information.
Public Forums
This site makes chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups
available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed
in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution
when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and
alteration of the information under our control.
Children's Guidelines
Ace Games' eb site meets the guidelines of TRUSTe's Children's program.
We do NOT collect online contact information without prior parental consent
or parental notification, which will include an opportunity for the parent
to prevent use of the information and participation in the activity. Without
prior parental consent, online information will only be used to respond
directly to the child's request and will not be used for other purposes
without prior parental consent
We do NOT collect personally identifiable offline contact information without
prior parental consent
We do NOT distribute to third parties any personally identifiable information
with out prior parental consent
We do NOT give the ability to publicly post or otherwise distribute personally
identifiable contact information without prior parental consent
We do NOT entice by the prospect of a special game, prize or other activity,
to divulge more information than is needed to participate in the activity
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications
from us and our partners at the point where we request information about
the visitor.
This site gives users the following options for removing their information
from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer
receive our service.
You can send email to class12345@yahoo.com
Correct/Update
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying
information previously provided.
email class12345@yahoo.com
Additional Info
This site serves advertisements through Adtegriy.com.
Adtegrity.com's Privacy Policy can be found at
Adtegrity Privacy Policy
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of
this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact: Marc
at class12345@yahoo.com
Home
-
Privacy Policy
- email: class12345@yahoo.com
Copyright © 1997-2002 Ace Games All rights reserved.