http://www.wildkingdom.com/privacy
Hi there! It looks like you’re using an outdated browser. Please upgrade to improve your Wild Kingdom experience.
Or continue forth, brave adventurer!
Privacy Policy
Welcome to the Wild Kingdom Web Site (the "Site"). We hope you find this Site entertaining and informative.
Privacy Policy StatementPlease read this carefully before you use this Site.
This Site is owned by Mutual of Omaha Insurance Company and its affiliates ("Mutual"). Mutual does not control, nor shall it be liable for any third party material contained on other web sites which may be linked to this Site. We encourage users to be aware of when they leave the Site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects information about you.
Information Collection and Use:
Mutual collects non-identifying information that is provided to it by visitors ("Users") in response to features on the Site. An example of this type of feature is a User survey. These types of activities do not involve the collection of personally identifying information from the User.
When a User arrives at the Site, Mutual s Web server automatically recognizes the User's domain name but not the User's e-mail address. Mutual collects and stores aggregate information on the web pages that Users access or visit. If applicable, the non-personally identifying information gathered in aggregate form may be used to improve the Site.
E-mail addresses collected to send an electronic post card or e-mail are deleted immediately when the requested postcard or e-mail is transmitted. Although the person receiving your e-mail card will see your e-mail address, Mutual does not provide personally identifying information to any third parties.
Although Mutual does not knowingly maintain personally identifying information collected online from children, if you believe it has collected or used such information, you may ask Mutual to delete the information or request that it does not collect or use the child's information.
If your child enters one of our contests or sends us an e-mail, Mutual will respond using his or her e-mail address, but will not store it for future use. Your child will be identified by first name, age and state. Before Mutual mails any prizes or share your child s personal information, Mutual will request your permission offline (mail, fax or phone).
If you have any comments, questions or concerns regarding this site or this policy, Mutual can be reached via e-mail at webmaster@wildkingdom.com, or by regular mail at postal address:Mutual of Omaha Insurance CompanyMutual of Omaha PlazaOmaha, NE 68175Attn: Web Master
ParentsFederal law provides that Mutual may not require a child to disclose more information on the Site than is reasonably necessary to participate in an activity as a condition of that participation.
TeachersThe teacher s e-mail newsletter is designed for use by adults only. Mutual uses the information submitted by teachers in order to deliver the e-mail newsletter and other information of interest to teachers. In the event Mutual learns that a child under the age of 13 has subscribed for the newsletter, Mutual will cease providing the newsletter to that child, delete the e-mail address from its mailing list, and maintain the e-mail address solely for the purpose of preventing a child from re-subscribing to the newsletter.
SecurityMutual takes reasonable precautions to keep your personal information secure and has put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard the information collected through the Site. Due to the nature of the Internet, however, Mutual cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose online, and you do so at your own risk.
GeneralMutual cooperates with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who use the Site for illegal activities. Therefore, Mutual responds to subpoenas, warrants or other court orders regarding information concerning users. Mutual will, at its discretion, disclose information if a) it believes it is required to do so by law; b) it believes that such disclosure is necessary to protect Mutual from legal liability; or c) it believes it should do so to protect someone s safety or the integrity of Mutual s services.
Notification of ChangesIf Mutual decides to change its privacy policy, Mutual will post those changes as soon as reasonably possible on the Site and on any pages in which it collects personally identifying information so that you are informed of what information is collected, how it is used, and under what circumstances, if any, it is disclosed. Therefore, please check the Site s privacy policy periodically.
International UsersPlease note: The laws and regulations in different countries impose different (and even conflicting) requirements on the Internet and data protection. Mutual is located in the USA, as are the servers that make this Site available worldwide. The laws of the State of Nebraska in the USA govern all matters relating to this Site. If you are located in the European Economic Area or are otherwise outside of the USA and you contact Mutual, please note that any information you provide will be transferred to the USA and by submitting the information you authorize this transfer.
Terms and Conditions of UseYour use of this Site is subject to certain Terms and Conditions of Use.