http://www.balloonhq.com/privacy.html
The Guide |
Photos |
Videos |
Columns |
Calendar
Artist Directory |
Classified Ads |
Who's Who
Entertainer Forum |
Decorator Forum |
Recipes
Privacy Policy
BalloonHQ.com maintains very little information about our users and their
use of our services. The following is the personal information kept by us
and how it is used:
Email addresses of users that have signed up for our
forums.
We never add anyone to our forums/mailing lists manually. Users must add
themselves via email or the web site. Double opt-in is required for all
email subscriptions.
Name, business name, and contact information (including but not
limited to email, phone, address) for all users that have chosen to list
themselves in the online directory of artists and suppliers.
Only
information provided by users expressly for the purpose of being listed in
this public directory ever appears here.
Content provided by users.
Content, including forum postings, event listings, classified ads,
photos and videos are maintained online and are viewable and searchable by
others. This is information provided by our users with the express intent
of sharing it. Whenever possible, shared content is listed with the contributor's
identifying information in order to credit and acknowledge the submission.
We do not accept anonymous contributions.
Except where expressly described above, we do not share our users'
information with others. In other words, if you contribute to the
community, we do our best to keep your name associated with your
contribution. Anyone can search the directory and site for info readily
shared by our users. We do not share/sell/distribute user contact
information in any other forms.
Tracking of users on our site
System logs. We maintain log files of activity on the
site that may identify information about the type of computer, browser, and
IP address you have used to connect to our system. This is used for
diagnostic purposes and to help us determine general use of the system for
troubleshooting, maintenance and development purposes only.
Browser cookies. Cookies are used to maintain user
sessions to ease use of the system by our users. We do not use these
cookies to track our users.
Google analytics. We make use of Google Analytics to
help us gather anonymized use of our system to help us understand general
usage and to share with our sponsors.
Contact Us |
Member Services |
BHQ History
Advertisers/Sponsors |
Editors |
Contributors
Privacy |
Content Copyright