http://www.pocketgamer.co.uk/articles/084188/adventures-of-pip-tips-to-help-you-in-the-world-of-pixels/
TIPS &AMP GUIDES |
WALKTHROUGH
Adventures of Pip: Tips to help you in the world of pixels
By Colin Mieczkowski
| Sep 22
Switch + iOS
| Adventures of Pip
Jump and Switch!
1/3
Adventures of Pip was first introduced to the world five years ago or so. It's a game that is really all about pixels, and although all games have pixels, Pip puts a unique spin on how we view them with this game being through the art of platforming. So in short, it's a platformer about pixels and the game has now been ported to the Nintendo Switch on its fifth year anniversary.
You play as a young hero who tries to turn everyone back to their normal 8-bit selves after an evil Queen (hilariously) turns everyone into a single pixel. This makes everyone look like little blocks including the King and Queen of the town. Pip himself was already a single pixel.
Our little red block goes on a quest to save the world and bring 8-bit peace back to the town. He will gain a magic power that will allow him to become 8-bit. So throughout the game, you will be able to switch back and forth between one pixel and 8-bit. A certain trick needs to be done to become your complete self though. We give you a few tips on how to tackle this unique adventure.
CLICK HERE TO VIEW THE LIST »
Try Not to Be Too Aggressive
One thing I will say about the Adventures of Pip is that there's no need to rush through each level. Take your time with it because it can be as much a puzzle game as it can a platformer. There's no time limit to worry about so definitely feel free to take it easy in tricky areas.
The reason why I say not to be too aggressive is that you'll be relying heavily on checkpoints. When you die, you start off at the most recent checkpoint. This is good of course because you don't need to worry about starting over from the beginning.
However, sometimes you'll find yourself taking a bit of a detour with no checkpoints nearby. And if you die without completing your hidden route and discovering what it has to offer, then you'll start back at the checkpoint, meaning you'll have go on a little trip to get back to where you were. But, if you got through the path and collected the rewards then great, you're all set to move forward.
Know When to Switch Your Size
This is something that may take a little time to get used to but, as mentioned, you will be able to almost freely change between 8-bit and a single pixel. In many areas, there will be these crystal-like creatures roaming around that, when you hit them, will turn Pip into an 8-bit character.
Just be careful not to run into them as they will take a heart away. Jump on top of them to crush them and transform yourself. The majority of the time when you see these creatures, it means that you may have to perform a little switcheroo.
So you might need to switch to a single pixel in mid-air for example. There will be obstacles such as blocks that will be in your way sometimes. Switching back to a single pixel will cause an explosion that will destroy the obstacles in your way. Being a single-pixel also allows you to jump higher on objects that make you bounce. But knowing when to properly switch can be key to success in grabbing treasures among other things. And don't worry, the crystal creatures respawn, so if you need to change back to a more humanoid appearance then you can do so.
Head to The Shop
Adventures of Pip is full of treasures if you're observant and curious enough. There are chests that are scattered around each level just waiting to be opened. Some are pretty easy to get while others require you to make some moves and go through secret areas (kind of like we talked about).
After you've filled Pip's pockets with gold, head to the shop and purchase that platinum chain you always wanted (just kidding). But no, the store is open for you to buy things that can help you out on your adventure through the various levels of the game.
You can visit the town where you started from to get to the store. You'll need to make sure you're not playing on a level so make sure to make a visit before advancing as you would need to quit the level in order to go to the city. And fortunately, our friend in the shop still is his 8-bit self so the evil queen did not turn him into a single-pixel (lucky fellow indeed).
1/3
SEE COMMENTS
Grand Alliance, Crunchyroll Games' original, anime-inspired action-RPG, is available now for iOS and Android
Sep 22
Android + iOS
Terafyn review - “An enchanting card RPG with a powerful, vivid narrative”
Sep 23
Android + iOS
RELATED STORIES
Evolving pixel platformer Adventures of Pip goes on sale for its lowest price since launch
iOS
Adventures of Pip is the platforming quest of an evolving pixel hero
iOS
Pocket Gamer Podcast: Episode 528 - World's End Club, Unfinished Swan
Android + iOS + Steam ...
Comments
ADVERTISEMENT
Latest Tips & Guides
Hollow Knight: A few tips to take note of playing this tricky RPG
Switch
The complete guide for Yasuo in League of Legends: Wild Rift & everything you need to know
Android + iOS
The complete guide for Ahri in League of Legends: Wild Rift & everything you need to know (Updated)
Android + iOS
ADVERTISEMENT
Popular Stories
1
Just Cause: Mobile is an upcoming top-down shooter from Square Enix that's heading for iOS and Android next year
Android + iOS
2
SteamWorld Quest: Hand of Gilgamech, the card-based RPG, is now available for iOS
iOS
3
Cyberpunk 2077 is available to play on mobile on Google Stadia
Android
4
Pokemon Masters Ex is celebrating the festivities with two holiday-themed Sync Pairs
Android + iOS
5
Battlepalooza is a new battle royale that uses real world locations as game maps
Android + iOS
Latest Videos
5 best mobile shooters that aren't Fortnite or PUBG Mobile
XCOM 2 Collection - video review
Top 5 Games of the Week video - December 4th 2020
ADVERTISEMENT
Latest News
Just Cause: Mobile is an upcoming top-down shooter from Square Enix that's heading for iOS and Android next year
Android + iOS
PUBG Mobile's Frost Festival game mode has arrived, covering Erangel in snow and inviting players to explore Frost Castles
Android + iOS
Marvel Contest of Champions is celebrating its sixth anniversary with the arrival of Spider-Ham and a retrospective video
Android + iOS