http://www.hairboutique.com/static/static.php?page=privacy
Banishing Bad Hair Days since 1997!™
Search HairBoutique
Articles
Blog
HairTalk®
Ask Karen™
Gallery
Salon Directory
Glossary
News
Press
Privacy Statement for HairBoutique.com
The HairBoutique.com has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy.
The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: The Hair Boutique.
Privacy Policy
Information we collect
Some of our services require you to sign up for an Account.
When you do, we will ask for some of your personal information such as name,
email address, phone number or credit card to store with your account.
We may collect information about your device such as hardware model, operating system, and other device specific information.
We may log certain information regarding your experience with us for possible review of the quality of service we are providing.
We may collect location information such as IP address and GPS.
We may collect and store information on your device use browser web storage and application data caches.
We and advertisers may use technologies such as cookies to collect and store information.
Our site's registration form requires users to give us contact information (like their name and email address).
We use customer contact information from the registration form to send the user information about our company. The customer's contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
This site contains links to other sites. HairBoutique.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Our online surveys ask visitors for contact information (like their email address) and demographic information (like their zip code, age, or income level). We use contact data from our surveys to send the user information about our company. The customer's contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site. We use this data to tailor our visitor's experience at our site, showing them content that we think they might be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences. This information is shared with advertisers on an aggregate basis.
We run contests on our site in which we ask visitors for contact information (like their email address) and demographic information (like their zip code, age, or income level). We use contact data from our contests to send users information about our company. The customer's contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site. We use this data to tailor our visitor's experience at our site, showing them content that we think they might be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences. This information is shared with advertisers on an aggregate basis.
How we use information we collect
We may use collected information to provide, maintain, protect, and improve our services.
We will never knowingly share any information directly collected by us with any other company.
Any intentional sharing of information with another company will only be done with your full consent.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here: http://networkadvertising.org/consumer/opt_out.asp.
Public Forums
This site makes chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
Supplementation Information
This site supplements the information that you provide with information that is received from third parties.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from our partners at the point where we request information about the visitor.
This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service. To be removed from HairBoutique.com's mailing list you can send email to
webmaster@hairboutique.com
Correct/Update
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided. To change any of the personal information collected in the past email
webmaster@hairboutique.com
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact
Quick Poll
Daily Hair Tip
To create retro-look hair waves liberally apply a good setting gel, then use massive clips to hold hair in desired shape. Use gentle hairdryer heat, release clips and enjoy lots of new waves.
Copyright 1997-2020, hairboutique.com, All Rights Reserved.
Terms of Service,
Privacy Statement,
Advertise,
Contact Us,
Press,
Disclaimer