http://www.dearsanta.com/legal/index
Login |
Create account
Welcome
|
Learn more
|
Retailer Partnerships
Legal Information
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Credits
play
pause
stop
min volume
max volume
previous
next
DearSanta.com legal information
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting our web site. This privacy policy tells you how we use personal information collected at this site. Please read this privacy policy before using the site or submitting any personal information. By using the site, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. These practices may be changed, but any changes will be posted and changes will only apply to activities and information on a going forward, not retroactive basis. You are encouraged to review the privacy policy whenever you visit the site to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used.
Note: the privacy practices set forth in this privacy policy are for this web site only. If you link to other web sites, please review the privacy policies posted at those sites.
Collection of InformationWe collect personally identifiable information, like names, postal addresses, email addresses, etc., when voluntarily submitted by our visitors. The information you provide is used to fulfill you specific request. This information is only used to fulfill your specific request, unless you give us permission to use it in another manner, for example to add you to one of our mailing lists.
Cookie/Tracking TechnologyThe Site may use cookie and tracking technology depending on the features offered. Cookie and tracking technology are useful for gathering information such as browser type and operating system, tracking the number of visitors to the Site, and understanding how visitors use the Site. Cookies can also help customize the Site for visitors. Personal information cannot be collected via cookies and other tracking technology, however, if you previously provided personally identifiable information, cookies may be tied to such information. Aggregate cookie and tracking information may be shared with third parties.
Distribution of InformationWe may share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when: (1) permitted or required by law; or, (2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or, (3) investigating fraud which has already taken place. The information is not provided to these companies for marketing purposes.
Commitment to Data SecurityYour personally identifiable information is kept secure. Only authorized employees, agents and contractors (who have agreed to keep information secure and confidential) have access to this information. All emails and newsletters from this site allow you to opt out of further mailings.
Privacy Contact InformationIf you have any questions, concerns, or comments about our privacy policy you may contact us using the information below:By e-mail: privacy@dearsanta.com
We reserve the right to make changes to this policy. Any changes to this policy will be posted.
Terms and Conditions
Use of this website you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern DearSanta LLC's relationship with you in relation to this website.
The term 'DearSanta LLC' or 'us' or 'we' refers to the owner of the website whose registered office is P.O. Box 502, Baldwinsville, NY 13027. The term 'you' refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
All trade marks reproduced in this website which are not the property of, or licensed to, the operator are acknowledged on the website.
Unauthorized use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offense.
From time to time this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
You may not create a link to this website from another website or document without DearSanta LLC's prior written consent.
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of the United States.
Credits
We are grateful to Mark James who created the Silk Icons and to Pixel-Mixer for the icons we use on our site.
Christmas Music - Courtesy of Kevin MacLeod at Incompetech.com, Licensed under Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 (Pulled from here).
Copyright (c) 2003 - 2017 DearSanta LLC.
Privacy Policy -
Unsubscribe -
Terms and Conditions -
Credits
Version 2.3.5