http://www.lookandlearn.com/about/legal.php
General terms & conditions
Privacy policy
Cookie policy
Licensing terms & conditions
Log in / register
Home
Picture archive
Curated searches
Licensing
Prices
Free images
Illustrated articles
Children’s Newspaper
Comic characters
About us
Contact us
General Terms and Conditions
The Look and Learn website (the "Website") has been created by Look and Learn Ltd ("LL"). The company, which is registered in England and Wales no. 5294671, has its registered office (not for general correspondence) at 3rd Floor, 24 Chiswell Street, London EC1Y 4YX, United Kingdom. LL's business address is Office 370, 19-21 Crawford Street, London W1H 1PJ, United Kingdom.
If you use the Website you are considered to have accepted the following general Terms and Conditions ("Terms and Conditions"):
Intellectual Property
1. This Website features Content owned or licenced by LL, including but not limited to illustrations, pictures, images, photographs, comic strips and text ("the Content").
2. Unless indicated in the material itself or otherwise self-evident, Content included on the Website is, to the best of LL's knowledge, the copyright and property of LL and is protected by international copyright laws.
3. You may not download, copy, publish, reproduce, transmit, distribute, store, sell, or re-use in any form or by any means any Content from the Website without the specific prior written permission of the copyright holder and subject to payment.
4. You may not alter, modify, manipulate or add to any of the Content or use it for any purpose other than as set out in these Terms and Conditions. You may not circumvent copy protection technologies.
5. For the protection of LL, Content may be digitally watermarked. Unauthorised use may be detected electronically.
6. "Look and Learn" is a registered trademark of LL.
Liability Disclaimer
7. LL provides this Website in good faith on an "as is" and "as available" basis. LL makes no representations or warranties of any kind, expressed or implied, as to the operation of the Website or the information or Content provided on this Website. LL does not guarantee that the Website will always function as intended. LL does not warrant that the Website, its servers, or e-mail sent from lookandlearn.com are free from infection by viruses or anything else that may be harmful or destructive.
8. You expressly agree that use of the Website is at your sole risk.
9. LL does not, and nothing in these Terms and Conditions shall act to, exclude or limit LL's liability for death or personal injury resulting from its negiligence, fraud or any other liability which may not by applicable law be excluded or limited.  Your statutory rights as a consumer are not affected by any of these terms.
10. Subject to clause 9, in no event shall LL be liable (whether for breach of contract, negligence or for any other reason) for any loss of profits, exemplary or special damages, loss of sales, loss of revenue, loss of goodwill, loss of any software or data, loss of or waste of management or other staff time, or for any indirect, consequential or special loss, however arising.
11. Subject to clauses 9 and 10, LL's liability to you whether in contract, tort, or otherwise is limited to the amount paid by you in the previous 12 months in respect of any membership to this Website or, if this is less than £250 or cannot be ascertained at the time LL's liability arose, to £250.
Hyperlinks
12. The Website may have links that are controlled or maintained by third parties. These links are included for your convenience and do not constitute any endorsement by us of the websites linked or referred to. LL has no control over the content of any such websites.
Changes to these Terms and Conditions
13. LL reserves the right to add to or change these Terms and Conditions and our Privacy Policy. Any changes will be posted to the Website and will become effective 24 hours after first posting. You will be deemed to have accepted any change if you continue to use the Website after that time.
Severance
14. If any part of these Terms and Conditions is held to be invalid or unenforceable, these Terms and Conditions shall be deemed to be amended by the addition or deletion of wording as appropriate to remove the invalid part or provision but otherwise to retain the provision and the other provisions of these Terms and Conditions, to the maximum extent permissible under applicable law.
Applicable Law
15. These Terms and Conditions are governed by English law. Any grievance or dispute is subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
Enquiries
16. Any enquiries about these Terms and Conditions should be addressed to: Managing Director, Look and Learn Ltd, Office 370, 19-21 Crawford Street, London W1H 1PJ; info@lookandlearn.com; tel: +44 (0)20 7723 7732.
Last updated: 8 January 2016
We would like your permission to use third party cookies. These help us understand and improve your and other users’ experience with the website, and make it easy for you to share pages. You can read more detail in our cookie policy to help you decide.