http://www.takeoverradio.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Home
Schedule
About
Advertise
News
Support Us
Contact
Listen Live
Privacy Policy
Overview
Here at Takeover Radio, we’re serious about privacy. We’re not in the business of selling or trading email lists with other organisations; all of our relationships are based on trust and confidence. Just in case you’re interested, this privacy policy provides lots of information about how and when we collect personal data, how we use it and the limited conditions under which we may share it.
Cookie Policy
Like most websites, takeoverradio.com uses cookies to collect information.  Cookies are small data files which are placed on your computer or other devices (such as smart ‘phones or ‘tablets’) as you browse this website.  They are used to ‘remember’ when your computer or device accesses our websites.  Cookies are essential for the effective operation of our websites and to help improve your experience whilst browsing our site.
Information collected
Our cookies collect information about browsing behaviour when you access this website via the same computer or device.  This includes information about pages viewed, and your journey around a website.  We do not use cookies to collect or record personal information such as your name, address or other contact details.  Takeover Radio can use cookies to monitor your browsing and behaviour whilst on the site. When someone visits https://takeoverradio.com we use a third party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make, and do not allow Google to find out the identities of those visiting our website.
How are cookies managed?
The cookies stored on your computer or other device when you access our websites are designed by:
– On behalf of Takeover Radio
– Third parties who have assets on our site (such as Youtube or TuneIn)
What are cookies used for?
The main purposes for which cookies are used are: –
For technical purposes essential to effective operation of our websites.
To enable us to collect information about your browsing patterns, including to monitor the success of website design updates.
How do I disable cookies?
If you want to disable cookies you need to change your website browser settings to reject cookies. Further details on how to disable cookies for the most popular browsers are set out below: –
For Microsoft Internet Explorer:
Choose the menu “tools” then “Internet Options”
Click on the “privacy” tab
Select the setting the appropriate setting
For Google Chrome:
Choose Settings> Advanced
Under “Privacy and security,” click “Content settings”.
Click “Cookies”
For Safari:
Choose Preferences > Privacy
Click on “Remove all Website Data”
For Mozilla Firefox:
Choose the menu “tools” then “Options”
Click on the icon “privacy”
Find the menu “cookie” and select the relevant options
What happens if I disable cookies?
This depends on which cookies you disable, but in general the website may not operate properly if cookies are switched off.
Email
When you email Takeover Radio, using either our online contact form or directly from your email software or webmail, you are agreeing that we may collect and hold any personal information that you share with us. This may include but not be limited to:
Your email address
Your name
Your phone number(s)
We will only use this data to get in touch with you within the confines of potential, upcoming, current or past dealings between you and Takeover Radio. This data is stored on secure, EU-based servers and may be retained for as long as deemed necessary whilst you continue to engage Takeover Radio’s services.
You are entitled to view, amend, or delete the personal information that we hold. Email your request to compliance@takeoverradio.com
Or contact us in writing at:
Takeover Radio, Lodge 1, Abbey Park, Abbey Park Road, LE4 5AQ
This privacy policy was last updated on the 29th February 2020.
DJ HIT THAT
Pick up the mic!
We're hungry for talent at Takeover Radio, so we're actively looking for child and adult radio volunteers. Why not find out a little more?
Enquire Now