http://www.tabarron.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: January 30, 2015
TABarron.com Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting the T. A. Barron website located at www.tabarron.com (the “Site”). The Site is an Internet property of Thomas A. Barron, LLC (“TAB,” “we” or “us”). This TABarron.com Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) covers our treatment of personal information and other information that we collect when you: (a) access or use the Site; (b) access and/or download any of the text, essays, games, book reviews, audio, video, photographs, graphics, artwork, testimonials, press kit, maps and other content featured on the Site including, without limitation, the “Educator’s Gift Box” (collectively, “Content”); (c) register to participate in one or more of the contests, promotions and/or sweepstakes featured on the Site from time-to-time (collectively, “Promotions”); (d) register to receive the T. A. Barron newsletter (“Newsletter”); and/or (e) utilize the Site’s many interactive features designed to facilitate interaction between you, T. A. Barron and other Site users including, but not limited to, blogs, comment sections, reviews and question and answer options located in designated areas of the Site (collectively, the “Interactive Services” and together with the Site, Content, Promotions and Newsletter, the “T. A. Barron Offerings”). Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning set forth in the TABarron.com Website Terms and Conditions (“Terms and Conditions”). IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY IN THEIR ENTIRETY, YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR OTHERWISE USE THE T. A. BARRON OFFERINGS.
Personal Information Collected
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, “personal information” shall mean individually identifiable information from or about an individual. We collect personal information when you register for certain of the T. A. Barron Offerings. The information that we may request when you attempt to access T. A. Barron Offerings, may include, but is not limited to: (a) your full name; (b) your mailing address; (c) your e-mail address; (d) your telephone number; (e) school/company name (if applicable); and/or (f) any other information requested by us on the Form. We may also collect your personal information when you otherwise agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, but do not complete the applicable registration process in full.
Use of Personal Information
TAB will never sell, rent, exchange or barter your personal information to or with any third party for financial gain or marketing purposes. Where you register to access any of the T. A. Barron Offerings, we use the personal information that you make available to personalize your experience with the Site, facilitate the delivery of the applicable T. A. Barron Offerings to you and for verification purposes. You also agree that we may contact you at any time with updates and/or any other information that we may deem appropriate for you to receive in connection with your continued use of the T. A. Barron Offerings, and to keep you informed of our other literary works, products and/or services.
In addition, if you identify yourself to us by sending us an email or some other communication with questions or comments, we may use such information (including personal information) to respond to your questions or comments, and we may file your questions or comments for future reference.
The personal information that you submit to TAB remains your property, but by making that personal information available to TAB, you grant TAB the right, subject to applicable state and federal law, to use that personal information to send you our Newsletter and other email communications that contain certain promotional offers from TAB, T. A. Barron and certain third party partners that TAB believes may be of interest to you. If you wish to stop receiving future communications from us, please see the Opt-Out/Unsubscribe section below.
We may permit our third-party agents, service providers, vendors and subcontractors to access your personal information, but they are only permitted to do so in connection with performing services for us and/or to operate the T. A. Barron Offerings. They are not authorized to use that personal information for their own benefit.
We may also supplement the information that we collect with information from other sources to assist us in evaluating and improving the T. A. Barron Offerings, and to determine your preferences so that we can tailor the T. A. Barron Offerings to your needs.
We reserve the right to release current or past personal information: (a) in the event that we believe that the T. A. Barron Offerings are being, or have been, used in violation of the Terms and Conditions, the rules applicable to any Promotion or to commit unlawful acts; (b) if the information is subpoenaed; provided, however, that, where permitted by applicable law, we shall provide you with e-mail notice, and opportunity to challenge the subpoena, prior to disclosure of any personal information pursuant to a subpoena; or (c) if we are sold, merged or acquired; provided, however, that if we are involved in a merger, acquisition or sale of all or a portion of our assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on the Site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices that you may have regarding your personal information.
Interactive Services/Social Media Sites
If you post Feedback, or otherwise provide personal information by and through the Interactive Services, and/or any applicable third party social media website such as Facebook® (collectively, “Social Media Sites”), you should be aware that any personal information that you submit using such forums can be read, collected or used by other users of these forums (depending on your privacy settings, in the case of Social Media Sites), and could be used to send you unsolicited messages or otherwise contact you without your consent or desire. We are not responsible for the personal information that you choose to submit in these forums.
Further, by submitting Feedback and/or other material via the Interactive Services and/or Social Media Sites, you: (a) represent and warrant that TAB’s use of your submission does not and will not breach any agreement, violate any law, violate any Social Media Site’s terms of service or infringe upon any third party’s rights; (b) agree that TAB is free to use in any manner all or part of the Feedback and/or other material on an unrestricted basis without the obligation to notify, identify or compensate you or anyone else; and (c) grant TAB all necessary rights, including a waiver of all copyright, trademark, privacy and moral rights, to use all Feedback and/or other material, in whole or in part, or as a derivative work, without any duty of TAB to anyone whatsoever.
Facebook® is a registered trademark of Facebook Inc. Please be advised that neither TAB nor T. A. Barron is in any way affiliated with Facebook Inc., and the T. A. Barron Offerings (including the Promotions) are neither endorsed, nor sponsored, by Facebook Inc.
Non-Personal Information Collection and Use
IP Addresses/Browser Type
We may collect certain non-personally identifiable information about you when you visit many of the pages of the Site. This non-personally identifiable information includes, without limitation, the type of browser that you use (e.g., Safari, Chrome, Internet Explorer), your IP address, the type of operating system that you use (e.g., Windows or iOS) and the domain name of your Internet service provider (e.g., Verizon, AT&T). We use the non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the design and content of the Site and to enable us to personalize your Internet experience. We also may use this information in the aggregate to analyze Site usage, as well as to offer you products and services.
Cookies
When an end-user visits the Site, we send one (1) or more cookies and/or gif files (collectively, “Cookies”) to assign an anonymous, unique identifier to the applicable end-user’s computer or other device. A Cookie is a piece of data stored on your hard drive containing non-personally identifiable information about you. Cookies have many benefits to enhance your experience at the Site. To find out more about Cookies, please visit www.cookiecentral.com. We use Cookies to improve the quality of the T. A. Barron Offerings, including for storing user preferences, improving ad selection and tracking Site-user trends (such as pages opened and length of stay at the Site).
Most Internet browsers are initially set up to accept Cookies, but you can reset your browser to refuse all Cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. To disable and reject certain Cookies, follow the instructions associated with your Internet browser. Even in the case where a user rejects a Cookie, he or she may still use the Site; provided, however, that certain functions of the T. A. Barron Offerings may be impaired or rendered inoperable if the use of Cookies is disabled. We reserve the right to retain Cookie data indefinitely.
Aggregate Data
TAB reserves the right to transfer and/or sell aggregate or group data about users of the T. A. Barron Offerings for lawful purposes. Aggregate or group data is data that describes the demographics, usage or other characteristics of T. A. Barron Offerings users as a group, without disclosing personally identifiable information.
Third-Party Websites
This Site may contain links to third-party owned and/or operated websites. Neither TAB nor T. A. Barron is responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. In some cases, you may be able to make a purchase through one of these third-party websites. In these instances, you may be required to provide certain information, such as a credit card number, to register or complete a transaction at such website. These third-party websites have separate privacy and data collection practices and neither TAB nor T. A. Barron has any responsibility or liability relating to them.
Security
We endeavor to safeguard and protect our end-users’ personal information. When end-users make personal information available to us, their personal information is protected both online and offline (to the extent that we maintain any personal information offline). The privacy of your personal information is very important to us. When our registration process asks users to submit sensitive personal information (if any), and when we transmit such sensitive information, that information is encrypted and is protected with SSL encryption software.
Access to your personal information is strictly limited, and we take reasonable measures to ensure that your personal information is not accessible to the public. The servers that we store personal information in are kept in a secure physical environment. We also have security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of personal information under our control. Please be advised, however, that while we take every reasonable precaution available to protect your data, no storage facility, technology, software, security protocols or data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Computer hackers that circumvent our security measures may gain access to certain portions of your personal information, and technological bugs, errors and glitches may cause inadvertent disclosures of your personal information; provided, however, that any attempt to breach the security of the network, our servers, databases or other hardware or software constitutes a crime punishable by law. For the reasons mentioned above, we cannot warrant that your personal information will be absolutely secure. Any transmission of data at or through the Site is at your own risk.
All of our end-users’ personal information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees or third party agents who need the personal information to perform a specific job are granted access to personal information. Our employees are dedicated to ensuring the security and privacy of all user personal information. Employees not adhering to our firm policies are subject to disciplinary action. In compliance with applicable federal and state laws, we shall notify you and any applicable regulatory agencies in the event that we learn of an information security breach with respect to your personal information. You will be notified via e-mail in the event of such a breach. Please be advised that notice may be delayed in order to address the needs of law enforcement, determine the scope of network damage, and to engage in remedial measures.
Minors
You must be thirteen (13) years old or older to submit the requisite personal information in order to access the T. A. Barron Offerings. If you are not yet thirteen (13) years old, you may not submit personal information by and through the Site and/or access the T. A. Barron Offerings. If you are at least thirteen (13) years old but not yet eighteen (18) years of age, please have your parent(s) or legal guardian(s) review this Privacy Policy with you, discuss any questions that you may have and give you their permission to submit personal information by and through the Site and access the T. A. Barron Offerings.
If you are a parent or a guardian, you are responsible for exercising supervision over your children’s online activities. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, do not let your child submit personal information by and through the Site and/or access the T. A. Barron Offerings.
If you are the parent or guardian of a child under the age of thirteen (13) and you believe that your child has submitted personal information by and through the Site without your authorization, please Contact Us.
Opt-Out/Unsubscribe
To opt-out of receiving the Newsletter or any other e-mail communications from us, you can follow the instructions at the end of the applicable e-mail message or e-mail us at: fanmail@tabarron.com.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, we may continue to contact you for the purpose of communicating information relating to your request for T. A. Barron Offerings, as well as to respond to any inquiry or request made by you. To opt-out of receiving T. A. Barron Offerings-related and inquiry response-related messages from TAB, you must cease requesting and/or utilizing the T. A. Barron Offerings and cease submitting inquiries to TAB, as applicable.
Deleting, Modifying and Updating Your Information
At your request, we will: (a) inform you of what personal information we have on file for you; (b) amend the personal information that we have on file for you; and/or (c) remove personal information that you have provided to us, or that we have collected. You may do so by e-mailing us at: fanmail@tabarron.com. We ask individual users to identify themselves and the information requested to be accessed, corrected or removed before processing such requests, and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, we may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic, require disproportionate technical effort, jeopardize the privacy of others or would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backup tapes).
Please be advised that deleting your personal information may terminate your access to certain of the T. A. Barron Offerings. If you wish to continue using the full complement of T. A. Barron Offerings, you may not be able to delete all of the personal information that we have on file for you.
Please be further advised that, after you delete your personal information, residual copies may take a period of time before they are deleted from our active servers and may remain in our backup systems.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
TAB reserves the right to change or update this Privacy Policy at any time by posting a notice on the Site that we are changing our Privacy Policy. If the manner in which we use personal information changes, TAB will notify end-users by: (a) sending the modified policy to our end-users via email; and/or (b) by any other reasonable means acceptable under applicable state and federal law. You will have a choice as to whether or not we use your information in this different manner and we will only use your information in this different manner where you opt-in to such use.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please e-mail us at fanmail@tabarron.com.
Filing a Complaint with the Federal Trade Commission
To file a complaint regarding our privacy practices, please Click Here.
Search The Site
Featured Book
From The Blog
Giving Hope for the Holidays
Getting the Most out of Gratitude
How to Become a Better Writer Using Villains
Once Upon a Villain
How Do You Spread Kindness?
Congratulations to 2020’s Barron Prize Winners!
What is Your Labor of Love? 8 Simple Ideas To Make the World Better
Buy Books
WELCOME! I’m delighted that you have discovered my website — the home of my books as well as my musings on writing, nature, the magic of Merlin, the power of myth, and the hero in us all.
Whether you’re a longtime reader of the Merlin Saga or the Adventures of Kate books, a nature lover, an aspiring writer, a new fan (perhaps of my latest trilogy, the Atlantis Saga), or a parent who enjoys reading my picture books to your children — I hope you’ll find great treasures in these pages.
As you explore this site, you’ll discover resources, enduring characters, magical places—and, I hope, a touch of the inspiration that helps me create new stories. I look forward to connecting with you via social media or my contact page. Enjoy the journey!
Connect with T. A. Barron
For Readers | For Educators | For Writers | For Nature Lovers
Books | About | Events | Young Heroes | Blog | Contact
PRIVACY POLICY
|
Terms of Service | Copyright Warning
|
Contest Rules
Copyright 2008-2020, Thomas A. Barron, LLC. All rights reserved worldwide.