http://www.hairboutique.com/static/static.php?page=terms
Banishing Bad Hair Days since 1997!™
Search HairBoutique
Articles
Blog
HairTalk®
Ask Karen™
Gallery
Salon Directory
Glossary
News
Press
Terms Of Service
Welcome to the HairBoutique.com ("Site"). Please review the following basic rules that govern your use and purchase of products (collectively, "Use") of our Site (the "Agreement"). Please note that your Use of our Site constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by those rules.
General
We may from time to time change the rules that govern your Use of our Site. Your Use of our Site following any such change constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by the rules as changed.
We may change, move or delete portions of, or may add to, our Site from time to time.
Site Contents
Unless otherwise noted, the design of and all materials, including images, illustrations, designs, icons, photographs, music, video clips, and written and other materials that are part of this Site (collectively, the "Contents") are copyrights, trademarks, trade dress and/or other intellectual properties owned, controlled or licensed by
HairBoutique.com and/or its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively,
"HairBoutique.com"). The Site as a whole is protected by copyright and trade dress, all worldwide rights, titles and interests in and to which are owned by
HairBoutique.com.
HairBoutique.com™, Banishing Bad Hair Days™, Banish
Bad Hair Days™, HairTopia™ and All other
HairBoutique.com products, and trademarks appearing at this Site are trademarks of
HairBoutique.com and its subsidiaries.
The Contents of our Site, and the Site as a whole, are intended solely for personal, noncommercial use by the users of our Site. No right, title or interest in any downloaded materials or software is transferred to you as a result of, any such downloading or copying. You may not reproduce, publish, transmit, distribute, display, modify, create derivative works from, sell or participate in any sale of, or exploit in any way, in whole or in part, any of the Contents, the Site, or any related software.
Hairboutique.com.com Photograph Submission Policy
By accessing Hairboutique.com or the "WebSite" and submitting a photograph to be uploaded, you agree to the following terms and conditions for submission of your photograph:
We encourage all users to submit their favorite hair and beauty related photos, so that other members of HairBoutique.com can share image with one another.
We also encourage you to upload images from special events such as Proms, Weddings, Party Events and related events.
Use of myHairBoutique and photo submission is restricted to persons 14 years of age or older.
Any photo containing cartoons, comics, celebrities, nudity, pornography, sexually explicit images or any copyrighted image (unless you own the copyright) is not permitted. Please note that photos of celebrities, cartoon and/or comic images are generally copyrighted by the owner.
For security and privacy reasons, any photo that contains personally identifiable contact information such as name, phone number, email address or web site URL is not permitted and will be immediately removed by HairBoutique.com.
Uploading any photos or images of people without their permission is also prohibited and will be removed by HairBoutique.com.
Submitted photos are limited to a size of 2MB and must be in GIF,JPG, or PNG format.
This photo submission policy applies only to HairBoutique.com users.
Hairboutique.com.com reserves the right to review all photos and to remove any photo for any reason at our sole discretion.
If you see a photo on HairBoutique.com that you believe does not conform to the Submission Policies listed above, please send the link here with a short explanation of why the photo does not conform to HairBoutique.com submission policies.
User Comments, Feedback and Other Submissions
While we welcome your comments and feedback regarding our Site, our products and our services, we do not want to receive
and do not accept confidential or proprietary ideas, suggestions, materials or other information. Accordingly, please note
that all comments, feedback, postcards, ideas, suggestions, materials, information, and other submissions disclosed,
submitted or offered to HairBoutique.com on or by this Site or otherwise (collectively, "Comments") shall be and remain
HairBoutique.com's property.
Any such disclosure, submission or offer of any Comments shall constitute an assignment to
HairBoutique.com of all worldwide rights, titles and interests in all copyrights and other intellectual properties in the
Comments. Thus, HairBoutique.com will own exclusively all such rights, titles and interests in, and shall not be limited
in any way in its use, commercial or otherwise, of any Comments.
HairBoutique.com is and shall be under no obligation (1) to maintain any Comments in confidence; (2) to pay to user
any compensation for any Comments; or (3) to respond to any user Comments.
You agree that no Comments submitted by you to HairBoutique.com through the Site or otherwise will violate any right
of any third party, including copyright, trademark, privacy or other personal or proprietary right(s).
You further agree that no Comments submitted by you to the Site will be or contain libelous or otherwise unlawful,
abusive or obscene material. You are and shall remain solely responsible for the content of any Comments you make.
You agree that HairBoutique.com may use and/or disclose information about your demographics and use of the Site
in any manner that does not reveal your identity.
The views and opinions expressed herein do not necessarily state or reflect those of HairBoutiqe.com, any agency, or
entities thereof including but not limited to employees, contractors, partners, affiliated companies and networks.
Neither HairBoutique.com nor any other agency or entities thereof, assumes any legal liability or responsibility for
the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any information, product or process disclosed on this website.
Product Information
The products displayed on the HairBoutique.com Online store can be ordered and delivered anywhere in the world.
The prices displayed at the Site, however, are quoted in U.S. Dollars and are valid and effective only in the United States.
Colors
We have made every effort to display as accurately as possible the colors of our products that appear at the Site. However, as the actual colors you see will depend on your monitor, we cannot guarantee that your monitor's display of any color will be accurate.
Links to Other Websites and Services
To the extent that this Site contains links to outside services and resources, the availability and content of which
HairBoutique.com does not control, any concerns regarding any such service or resource, or any link thereto, should be directed to the particular outside service or resource.
Disclaimer
Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, this site, all contents of the site,
and all products and services offered in connection with the site are provided on an "as is" basis, and,
to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, hairboutique.com disclaims all warranties of any kind
in connection therewith, either express or implied, including without limitation implied warranties
of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.
In addition, hairboutique.com does not warrant that your use of this site, or the operation or function
of this site, any component thereof, or any services offered in connection therewith, will be uninterrupted
or error free; That defects therewith will be corrected; or that this site or its server are free of viruses
or other harmful elements.
Although hairboutique.com endeavors to provide current, accurate and reliable information on this site, it
does not warrant or make any representations regarding the accuracy, reliability or any use of information
on this site.
You acknowledge, by your use of the site, that your use of the site is at your sole risk, that you assume
full responsibility for all costs associated with all necessary servicing or repairs of any equipment you
use in connection with your use of our site, and that hairboutique.com shall not be liable for any damages
of any kind related to your use of or inability to use this site, including without limitation, direct,
indirect, special, compensatory or consequential damages, lost profits and/or loss of or damage to property,
even if hairboutique.com has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold HairBoutique.com
harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, costs and expenses, including attorneys' fees, arising from or related to your use of the Site.
Miscellaneous
Unless otherwise specified, this Site and the Contents thereof are displayed solely for the purpose of marketing and promoting
HairBoutique.com's products and services available in the United States and select foreign markets. This Site is controlled and operated by
HairBoutique.com from its offices in Richardson, Texas USA.
This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of
Texas, without regard to any conflict of law provisions. Any dispute arising under this agreement shall be resolved by arbitration before a single arbitrator of the American Arbitration Association and shall be held in
Richardson, Texas.
Termination
This Agreement is effective unless and until terminated by either you or
HairBoutique.com. You may terminate this Agreement at any time.
HairBoutique.com also may terminate this Agreement at any time and may do so immediately without notice, and accordingly deny you access to the Site, if in
HairBoutique.com's sole discretion you fail to comply with any term or provision of this Agreement. Upon any termination of this Agreement by either you or
HairBoutique.com, you must promptly destroy all materials downloaded or otherwise obtained from this Site, as well as all copies of such materials, whether made under the terms of this Agreement or otherwise.
Quick Poll
Daily Hair Tip
To create retro-look hair waves liberally apply a good setting gel, then use massive clips to hold hair in desired shape. Use gentle hairdryer heat, release clips and enjoy lots of new waves.
Copyright 1997-2020, hairboutique.com, All Rights Reserved.
Terms of Service,
Privacy Statement,
Advertise,
Contact Us,
Press,
Disclaimer