https://www.olympic.org/privacy-policy
skip to content
Documents
Privacy Policy
International Olympic Committee - Privacy Policy
A FEW WORDS ABOUT OUR USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION…
We recommend that you read this privacy policy (and our cookie policy) in its entirety, but here are already a few important things you should know:
Your privacy is very important to us and we believe that you should always keep the control over your personal data. This privacy policy informs you about how we, the International Olympic Committee (“IOC”), access and use the information related to your use of the services offered on (i) the www.olympic.org website and all of its sections (including the Athlete 365 platform); (ii) the Olympic Channel website www.olympicchannel.com, mobile application and connected TV application; (iii) the Olympic Games Tokyo 2020 official website www.tokyo2020.org and mobile application; or (iv) the other digital properties we manage, alone or in cooperation with our affiliates and the other organisations we partner with (the “IOC Associates” as defined below).
WHO WE ARE: According to the Olympic Charter, the mission of the IOC is to promote Olympism throughout the world, to lead the Olympic Movement and to ensure the regular celebration of the Olympic Games. IOC Associates, as referred in this document, are either affiliates of the IOC, namely the Olympic Foundation for Culture and Heritage (the “Foundation”), the Spanish entity Olympic Channel Services S.L. (“OCS”), or other Olympic Movement constituents, in particular the Tokyo 2020 Organising Committee for the Olympic and Paralympic Games (“Tokyo 2020”). The IOC and the Foundation are based in Lausanne, Switzerland; OCS S.L. is based in Madrid, Spain and Tokyo 2020 is based in Tokyo, Japan.
SERVICES COVERED BY THIS PRIVACY POLICY: This Privacy Policy applies to all processing of personal data carried out by, or on behalf of, the IOC and IOC Associates in the context of digital services such as websites, mobile applications, connected TV applications, newsletters, registration systems, online professional services and other business resources created and operated by the IOC, alone or in cooperation with any IOC Associates (collectively the “Services”).
REGISTRATION: Our content is generally available on the Services without registration. However, our professional services, business resources and event registration services as well as certain personalization options, transactions, functionalities or activities (e.g. games, contests, sweepstakes, newsletters, e-commerce,…) offered on our websites, mobile applications and other digital properties require that you register with us and provide certain information about you. Registration is governed by the terms of service of our websites and digital properties and any additional terms applicable to our different Services (together, the “Terms of Service”). If you create a user account with us, you will in principle be able to use this account for all Services, although user accounts for professional services and other business resources (B2B services) differ from accounts created for our engagement and information services (B2C services). Age limits to register may vary to reflect laws applicable in your country of residence. Most of our Services are available to the general public but access and use of certain B2B online services may be limited to IOC’s and IOC Associates’ collaborators, consultants, Olympic movement stakeholders and other authorised third parties.
THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT: We will collect information about you in different situations, for instance when you register on our Services, when you contact us or when you request a service from us. We may also collect certain information when you visit our Services (also as non-registered user), through cookies, pixels and similar technologies. Information collected includes biographical information necessary to identify you and communicate with you (e.g. first name, last name, email address, phone number, physical address or country of residence, language,…), information about your use of the Services (IP address, device identification number, connection data and content visited, user activities such as screenviews, videoviews, registration with certain functionalities) and personalisation options (e.g. favourite sport, favourite team,…).
HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION: We use the personal data we collect to deliver and promote our Services in conformity with the Terms of Service, to personalize your experience on our Services based on your interests and make sure our Services are in a safe and secure environment, to communicate with you and to provide you with the information, goods or services which you have requested. We also make available our content on a variety of third-party platforms such as Facebook, Twitter or YouTube. These platforms are governed by their own terms of service and privacy policies that we strongly recommend you read.
WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION WITH:  the IOC and the IOC Associates may share your information among them for operating the Services and more generally for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. We may only provide your information to third parties in the following circumstances: (1) with our service providers who work with us in connection with the Services; (2) with authorities or third parties when we believe that we have a legal obligation to do so or that it is necessary to protect our legal interests or exercise our rights; and (3) when you have given us your prior authorisation to do so, or if we believe we have another legal justification, for instance when you use our Services via third-party platforms. Our Services may include the publication or other forms of public communication of information manifestly made public about athletes, coaches and other relevant personnel involved in the Olympic Games, Youth Olympic Games and other major sports competitions, such as competition results, schedules, and biographies.
WHAT YOU CAN DO TO LIMIT OR DELETE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION: if you have registered with us, you can limit the information you share with us or delete your account by going to your account settings. You can also disable all or part of the cookies and similar technologies through our cookie settings (where available) and/or by configuring the functionalities of your internet browser.
HOW YOU CAN CONTACT US AND YOUR RIGHTS: If you would like to access, rectify or erase your personal data, you can do so via your account settings or by contacting our data protection officer: Data Protection Officer, International Olympic Committee, Château de Vidy, 1007 Lausanne, Switzerland through IOC’s dedicated portal or at the following address: privacy @olympic.org.
PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy, as updated from time to time, explains what personally identifiable information about you is collected and how it is processed when you use the Services. In this Privacy Policy, the term “Services” refers to all digital services such as websites, mobile applications, connected TV applications, newsletters, registration systems, online professional services and other business resources available via (i) the www.olympic.org website and all of its sections (including the Athlete 365 platform), (ii) the Olympic Channel website www.olympicchannel.com, mobile application and connected TV application, (iii) the Olympic Games Tokyo 2020 official website www.tokyo2020.org and mobile application, or (iv) the other digital properties managed by the International Olympic Committee (the “IOC”), alone or in cooperation with its affiliates and other organisations the IOC partners with (“IOC Associates”, as defined below in WHO ARE WE?).
Our Services are governed by Terms of Services and any additional terms applicable to our different Services (together, the “Terms of Service”). Specific rules and additional terms may apply due to the nature and purpose of certain of our Services. This is for instance the case for certain online professional services and other business resources, systems for event registration (“B2B services”) or reporting mechanisms managed by the IOC. In such cases, these specific terms will be brought to your attention before you use the relevant Services and shall prevail over this Privacy Policy in case of any inconsistency or contradiction.
Other organisations may launch and operate websites, newsletters, e-commerce platforms or other services that are related to the Olympic Games, Youth Olympic Games or to the Olympic Movement’s activities. Such websites are operated independently from the IOC and, we encourage you to read their terms of services and privacy policies. If we collect personally identifiable information through these services, this will be indicated in their privacy policies and terms of service.
WHO ARE WE?
When we refer to ‘’we’’, ‘’our’’ or “us” in this Privacy Policy, we are referring to the IOC and, where applicable, to the IOC Associates. When we refer to “you” or “your” we refer to you as user of the Services.
The IOC is a private, not-for-profit, international organisation recognized to be of public interest by the Swiss authorities and constituted in the form of a Swiss law association, having its registered office in Château de Vidy 1007 Lausanne, Switzerland. The mission of the IOC is to promote Olympism throughout the world, to lead the Olympic Movement and to ensure the regular celebration of the Olympic Games. To know more about the IOC, our goals and our activities, please consult the Olympic Charter and information provided on our website https://www.olympic.org/about-ioc-olympic-movement.
IOC Associates are either affiliates of the IOC, namely the Olympic Foundation for Culture and Heritage (the “Foundation”), the Spanish entity Olympic Channel Services S.L. (“OCS”) or other Olympic Movement constituents including in particular the Tokyo 2020 Organising Committee for the Olympic and Paralympic Games (“Tokyo 2020”).
The Foundation was created by the IOC to promote Olympism in the areas of culture, heritage and education and it manages the Olympic Museum and the Olympic Studies Centre, in Lausanne, Switzerland.
OCS is an IOC affiliate which operates the Olympic Channel from Madrid, Spain.
Tokyo 2020 is the Organising Committee for the 2020 Olympic and Paralympic Games, as established by the Tokyo Metropolitan Government and the Japanese Olympic Committee with the specific mission to organise the Olympic and Paralympic Games Tokyo 2020 in Tokyo, Japan.
OUR SERVICES AND ROLES
When Services relate to the www.olympic.org website, the Athlete 365 platform or to other digital properties not expressly listed below, the IOC will be the sole data controller.
When Services relate to the Olympic Museum (in particular https://www.olympic.org/museum, http://shop.olympic.org/en); the Olympic Studies Centre (in particular https://www.olympic.org/olympic-studies-centre, https://library.olympic.org/) and other activities of the Foundation, your personal data will be processed by the IOC and the Foundation, acting as joint controllers.
When Services relate to the Olympic Channel, (in particular the website www.Olympicchannel.com; the Olympic Channel mobile application and connected TV application), your personal data will be processed by the IOC and OCS, acting as joint controllers.
When Services relate to the official website https://tokyo2020.org/en/ and mobile application of the Olympic and Paralympic Games Tokyo 2020, your personal data will be processed  by Tokyo 2020 and the IOC acting as joint controllers for the Tokyo 2020 Olympic Games, and, for what concerns the 2020 Paralympic Games, the International Paralympic Committee (IPC) may process your personal information as a separate data controller in case you decide to subscribe to IPC’s promotional communications. This Privacy Policy defines the personal data processing activities regarding users accessing the Tokyo 2020 official website and mobile application of Olympic and Paralympic Games Tokyo 2020. For more information on how Tokyo 2020 collects and uses your personal information, please see Tokyo 2020 privacy policy available on the following link. Tokyo 2020 will process your personal information in accordance with the terms of its privacy policy.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
Information that you provide to us
You may provide us with information, including personally identifiable information, when you use the Services and in particular when you register on the Services and create a user account, communicate with us, request a service from us or ask us a question, complete certain transactions or subscribe to B2B Services, promotional communications or media alerts.
Account data
If you create a user account, we will ask you to provide us with your email address, country of residence, age information, login information, and password. If you create a user account with us, you will in principle be able to use this account for all Services, although user accounts for B2B Services differ from accounts created for our engagement and information services (B2C services). Certain Services, like Athlete 365 (https://www.olympic.org/athlete365/) are focused on athletes and we may ask you to provide information about the sports you practice, your team or your participation in the Olympic Games or Youth Olympic Games.
This information will allow us to create and maintain your user account, identify you as one of our registered users and, if you have opted-in or can lawfully receive promotional communications, to send you such communications about the IOC, the IOC Associates and the Olympic Movement’s activities. In the registration process or at a later stage, we may also invite you to provide us with additional information in particular by indicating your interest in certain athletes, teams, sports or events, so that we can complement your user account information and personalise your use of the Services.
Data necessary to provide you certain Services
Certain Services may require that you provide additional information about you. This is the case for instance for the B2B Services we make available to other Olympic Movement stakeholders or for Services giving you the possibility to apply for registration or accreditation to the Olympic Games, Youth Olympic Games or other events organised by us, or to book travel and accommodation related to these events. Additional information may also be required to use Services allowing you to procure goods or services from us or to participate in any game, contest, sweepstake or other fan engagement opportunity.
In these different situations, we will inform you specifically about the information we need to collect in order to provide you the requested goods or services and of any other conditions applicable to the processing of this personal data. The additional information needed will vary depending on the nature of the Services. It may include information such as: first name, last name, business organisation, job title, physical address, phone number, nationality, travel and accommodation details, passport or ID card number, credit card information, height and weight information, size of garments or shoes, allergies and food habits.
Communications data
If you communicate with us and/or request any information or service from us, we will use your account information and any other information you may provide us (such as email address, phone number, and any information you disclose to us) to answer your queries.
Collection of data through third parties
You can register with us by using the information of an account you hold with a third-party service such as Facebook, Google, VKontakte, Line. If you choose this option, you will authorize these organisations to provide us with some personal data they hold about you so that we can use this information to create your user account with us. This information will depend on the third-party services used to register with us and on the scope of the information you granted but typically this includes your first name and last name, user name, phone number, unique identifiers and access tokens, e-mail address, date of birth and preferences (e.g. pages you have favourited or saved).
We may authorise third parties to launch and operate Olympic-themed digital services and to use out brands. In such cases, it may happen that these third parties share information that they collect about you with us where necessary or appropriate to provide you with their services. In such cases, this will be specified in the relevant privacy policies and terms of services, issued by these third parties.
Information that is collected automatically when you use the Services
a) Device and system information
We collect information about the device(s) you use to access and use the Services, in particular we collect:
Device attributes, including operating system, hardware and software versions, browser type, language
Unique device identifier (UID)
Network connections (information such as your Internet Service Provider, language, time zone, IP address)
general location (country, city).
b) Cookies
We use automatic tracking mechanisms (including cookies) to collect certain data while you are browsing our Services. A cookie is a small file, stored on your browser or computer hard drive, which is used to collect data about your interactions with our websites and digital properties, such as browser type, operating system, IP address, device type, location, date and time of access. The cookie does not collect any data from your computer or access your personal files. We use cookies to distinguish you as a user, either for the duration of your visit (“session cookie”) or when you return (“persistent cookie”). These cookies are placed on your device by us (“first party cookies”) or by third parties providing certain services to us such as analytics and advertising (“third party cookies”).
We use first party and third party cookies to improve the content of our Services, customise them according to user preferences, conduct traffic and audience research and provide relevant advertising to you.
You can disable the cookies or manage the cookies through the cookie settings (where available) and/or by configuring the functionalities of your internet browser.
To know more about our use of cookies, please consult our Cookie Policy
At this time, we do not respond to Do Not Track browser settings or signals. For more information about Do Not Track, visit https://allaboutdnt.com/.
Information manifestly made public
Content offered on our Services may include information manifestly made public such as competitions and results, biographies about Olympians and other athletes, coaches and other persons involved in the Olympic Games, Youth Olympic Games and other major sports competitions, who are newsworthy and whose stories contribute to the mission of the IOC and the Olympic Movement. This information was disclosed by athletes and other concerned persons in the context of their participation in Olympic Games, Youth Olympic Games and other sports competitions, interviews and other media events, media publications or through other means and was compiled by us, in cooperation with International Federations, National Olympic Committees, Organising Committees for the Olympic Games and Youth Olympic Games and other Olympic Movement stakeholders.
HOW DO WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT?
We use the information we collect about you and your use of the Services to:
facilitate your use of the Services, enable your registration and authentication, and manage your user account;
maintain and develop the Services;
gather statistics to help diagnose problems, enhance your experience of the Services and improve the quality of the Services;
ensure the security of the Services and make sure that the Services are used in compliance with our Terms of Service and applicable laws;
offer you a personalized experience, for instance by analysing your activity on our Services (including communications we send to you), advertising and services offered by select partners where allowed by their relevant privacy policies and terms of services, in order to suggest you content or offers based on preferences (e.g. sports, teams, athletes, types of content) which you have indicated or express through your previous choice of content, determine when and how you might like us to show content to you, deliver relevant advertising to you including offering you good and services which we think may be of interest to you and letting you participate in any game, contest, sweepstake or other fan engagement opportunity which we may make available through the Services (assessing and confirming the eligibility to be entitled to receive prizes, awarding prizes to the winners etc.) ;
provide you goods, services, information, or content that you have requested;
communicate with you, including by answering your questions and requests, sending you communications related to your user account and our Terms of Service and, if you have opted-in to this service or qualify for it according to the law, send you promotional communications (including by email and other electronic channels) about the Services, our activities and the activities of the Olympic Movement and its partners, while offering you the possibility to opt-out from such communications at any time; and
show and measure advertisements, on the Services and, on third party services like Google, Facebook, You Tube and Twitter. If you own an account both on the Service and on these third-party services, we may, by sharing information with these companies, identify you as user of these third-party services and serve you our advertisements on such services.
As the data controller for all the personal data processing activities carried out in the context of the Services, the IOC will use the personal data for the purposes mentioned above.
When the Services relate to the Olympic Museum or the Olympic Studies Centre, the responsibility is shared with the Foundation for the purposes mentioned in paragraphs (a), and (f).
When the Services relate to the Olympic Channel, the responsibility is shared with OCS for the purposes mentioned in paragraphs (a), (b), (c), (d), (e), (f), and (h).
When the Services relate to the official website and mobile application of the Olympic and Paralympic Games Tokyo 2020, the joint use of personal data between the IOC and Tokyo 2020 for the Olympic Games, and for what concerns, the Tokyo 2020 Paralympic Games, Tokyo 2020 and the IPC, covers the purposes mentioned in paragraphs (e) and (g).
WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION WITH?
Information you decide to make public
Through functionalities of the Services, we may allow you to make certain information available to other users of the Services. You decide what information you want to make public.
The IOC and the IOC Associates
The Services are provided by the IOC and, where applicable, the IOC Associates. We are also assisted by our affiliates who provide services to us and help us deliver the Services to you, in particular IOC Television & Marketing Services SA, which provides marketing and CRM services to us and OCS, who in addition to its role in managing the Olympic Channel, assists the IOC in developing and operating other Services covered by this Privacy Policy. We share your personal data among us and our affiliates, where necessary for the purposes and legal basis for processing highlighted in this Privacy Policy.
Our vendors and service providers
We rely on a network of professional vendors and service providers who are working on our behalf and help us operate, develop, secure, promote and measure the Services and our advertisements. Services provided by these partners include, in particular:
customer data infrastructure, platform development services and general IT services
hosting services
cloud-based services for customer identity and access management
customer services, customer relationship management and other communication and marketing services, such as gamification
analytics, audience and advertising measurement services
email communications and push notification services
third party web and social media services on which we serve our advertisements
services to manage user access requests, cookie consents
We may delegate part of the processing of personal data you provided to us to these companies and transfer such personal data you provided through the Services to these companies immediately upon their collection; automatically transferred via telecommunications network where necessary for them to provide to us their services and for the purposes and legal basis for processing highlighted in this Privacy Policy. These service providers are bound to strict confidentiality obligations under our agreements, ensuring the respect of this Privacy Policy. The service providers will retain and use such personal data as long as they are working for us and until you decide to delete your account or unsubscribe from our service. A list of our main service providers (including for each service provider, the country in which the personal data will be transferred and the contact information) is provided in Annex 1 of this Privacy Policy.
Events-related services, contests, sweepstakes and other services
Our Services can be used to apply for participating in games, contests, sweepstakes or other fan engagement opportunities, or to apply for registration or accreditation to attend the Olympic Games or other events organised by us, or for booking travel and accommodation in relation to these events and services.
In certain situations, the provision of the services requested by you may require us to share your personal data with third parties (e.g. CarlsonWagonlits Travel and other travel or accommodation providers, organising committees, or governmental agencies…). We may also share your information with third-parties when some Services such as game, contest, sweepstakes or other fan engagement opportunity that we provide you with are available on third-party platforms, notably for the delivery of prizes. Other services that you may request from us may also require that we share your information with third parties assisting us in the delivery of such services, such as Olympic Movement entities (such as international federations, national Olympic committees or organising committees), academic institutions, or other delivery partners. We will specify in the relevant Terms of Service or otherwise the categories of third parties with whom your personal data may have to be shared and other conditions applicable to such sharing of information in relation to the Services requested.
Offers and services from our partners
From time to time, we may offer you the possibility to receive communications (including communications related to products and services) from selected third parties, such as our commercial partners and constituents of the Olympic Movement. In case you opt-in or can otherwise lawfully receive such communications, we may share your information with the relevant third parties, while giving you the possibility to opt-out at any time.
In this regard, upon your consent, we transfer your e-mail address to IPC for the purpose of promotional communications about the Paralympic Games, the Paralympic Movement and the related initiatives of IPC partners.
Legal disclosure
We reserve the right to disclose personal data we hold about you if we are required to do so under applicable laws or pursuant to any judicial or administrative process, and to the extent necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding unlawful activities, or violation of our Terms of Service under the legal basis described in this Privacy Policy.
HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Data security
We use technical and organisational measures to protect your personal data against the risks of damage, destruction, loss or unauthorised access, in accordance with applicable laws.
International transfer
While the information we collect will usually be processed in the European Union or in Switzerland (which provides a level of protection equivalent to the European Economic Area according to the Commission Decision of 26 July 2000), we may also transfer your information for the purposes and legal basis for processing highlighted in this Privacy Policy to the above-mentioned recipients (see above “WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION WITH?”), some of which may be based in countries that, like the United States of America, do not provide in their laws for a level of protection of your privacy equivalent to the one applied within the European Union and Switzerland. This will happen when some of the companies helping us operate the Services (see above “Our vendors and service providers”) access your information from countries located outside Europe. Before transferring data from Switzerland or the European Union to other countries, we implement safeguard mechanisms recognized by Swiss and European regulators particularly standard contractual clauses.
Age limitation
We will not knowingly collect personal data about users under 13 years old. Services are intended for users who are of legal age for data protection purposes under the laws of their country of residence (SEE PAGE WITH AGE LIMITS). If we become aware that a child under that age has provided us with personal data, we will take steps to delete this information and close the child’s account. If you become aware that your child has provided us with personal data without your consent, please contact us.
Data retention
We will retain your information only for the duration necessary for the purposes identified in this Privacy Policy or as required to meet our legal requirements.
When the Services relate to the to the official website and mobile application of the Olympic and Paralympic Games Tokyo 2020 and where necessary to achieve its long-term mission to promote Olympic Movement and preserve the legacy of the Games and maintain user engagement, the IOC may process personal data even after such processing by Tokyo 2020 has ended and will then process your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy
LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION AND YOUR RIGHTS
We mainly process your information to perform our obligations under our Terms of Service but in certain cases, we also rely, on top of what we have already described, on other justifications.
Contractual necessity
Contractual necessity applies for all users who are of age to enter into a contract by accepting our Terms of Service and justifies the following uses of user personal data:
Providing the Services and personalizing your experience of the Services by customizing certain features based on your interests
Letting you participate in any game, contest, sweepstake or other fan engagement opportunity which we may make available through the Services
Managing registration and user account
Securing and developing the Services
Communicating with you in relation to the Services
Providing you goods, services, information, or content that you have requested
Sharing data with our partners who may offer you their services
Transferring, storing or processing your data outside Switzerland or the European Union, including within the United States of America and other countries
Providing you with accreditation, accommodation, transports and other services or information which you have requested from us
In these cases, you have the right to port your data.
Consent
We may also process certain data based on your explicit consent, which you can withdraw at any time, for the following activities:
Send you certain marketing communications
In these cases, you have the right to port your data and to withdraw your consent.
Legitimate interests
We also rely on our legitimate interests, especially for our users who may not be of age to enter into a contract, to provide secure and efficient Services that are consistent with our Terms of Service so that our visitors, partners and fans may receive high quality Services and may enjoy Olympic-related content corresponding to their interests. Legitimate interests constitute a basis for the following activities:
Making available through the Services publicly available information related to the Olympic Games, Youth Olympic Games, Olympians and other athletes, sports and news stories
Providing the Services and personalizing your experience of the Services by customizing certain features based on your interests
Managing registration and user accounts
Securing and developing the Services
Communicating with you in relation to the Services
Providing you goods, services, information, or content that you have requested
Transferring, storing or processing your data outside Switzerland or the European Union, including to or within the United States of America and other countries
Sending you marketing communications, including via emails, if you have opted-in or can lawfully receive such communications
Sharing data with our partners who may offer you their services
Sharing your information with third parties including law enforcement authorities where we suspect an unlawful activity.
In these cases, you have the right to object to the processing of your information or ask us to restrict such processing.
Compliance with our legal obligations
We may also invoke our legal obligations as a valid ground for sharing your information with judiciary or law enforcement authorities, if we are ever obliged to do so.
In such case, you have the right to object to the processing of your information or ask us to restrict such processing.
YOUR RIGHTS AND HOW TO EXERCISE THEM
YOUR RIGHTS
You can exercise your rights of access, rectification, deletion and portability of your personal data, limitation and opposition to its processing, as well as not being the subject of decisions based solely on the automated processing of your personal data, where appropriate, before us. You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any given moment. We may require evidence of your identity before we are able to respond to your request. We reserve the right to decline a request where the legal conditions are met and in particular where the request made to us is manifestly unfounded or excessive.
HOW TO EXERCISE THEM
2.1 User account parameters
To withdraw your consent, access or rectify your personal data, you can use the Settings functionality to adjust the parameters of your user account
2.2 Unsubscribe from our marketing communications
To unsubscribe from marketing communications, you can adjust your settings in your user account or click on the link displayed at the bottom of any of our marketing communications
2.3 Contact us
To exercise your rights or the rights of your child mentioned above in section 1 YOUR RIGHTS, or for any question related to this Privacy Policy, you can contact us through IOC’s dedicated portal or at the following address: privacy @olympic.org.
When the Services relate to the Olympic Channel, you can also contact us at the following address: privacy @olympicchannel.com
When the Services relate to the to the official website and mobile application of the Olympic and Paralympic Games Tokyo 2020, you can also contact the below enquiry desk:
Tokyo 2020 Enquiry Desk
Web enquiry form
2.4 Data Protection Officer
You can contact our Data Protection Officer at the following address
Data Protection Officer
International Olympic Committee
Château de Vidy
1007 Lausanne
Switzerland
Privacy @olympic.org
contact us
2.5 Lodge a complaint
In cases where the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) applies, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a European Union supervisory authority, in particular, in the country of your habitual residence, place of work or place of the alleged infringement.
2.6 European Union representative
The IOC has appointed Olympic Broadcasting Services S.L. Calle Torrelaguna 75, Madrid, Spain as a European Union representative pursuant to Article 27 GDPR.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
When we make changes to this Privacy Policy, we will adequately inform you in advance where such changes impact your rights as a user of the Services or where required by law, for example by posting a notice on the Services or by sending you an email communication, so you can review our revised policy and decide whether to continue to use the Services or not. Your continued use of the Services after the entry into force of the revised Privacy Policy will constitute your confirmation of your reading and understanding of such changes. We encourage you to review our Privacy Policy regularly.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on 25 February 2020
International Olympic Committee, Château de Vidy, 1007 Lausanne, Switzerland,
Olympic Foundation for Culture and Heritage, Quai d’Ouchy 1, 1006 Lausanne, Switzerland
Olympic Channel Services S.L., Calle Torrelaguna 75, 28027 Madrid Tax identification number B-87320867
The Tokyo Organising Committee of the Olympic and Paralympic Games
ANNEX 1: List of our main service providers
USER EXPERIENCE:
Alicloud
(European Union)intlcompliance@service.aliyun.com
Alooma
(USA)privacy@alooma.com
AWS
(European Union, USA, Singapore, Japan)Contact us
Google Analytics
(USA, European Union, Chile, Singapore)Contact information
IOC Television & Marketing Services SA
(Switzerland)privacy @olympic.org
Olympic Channel Services S.L.
(Spain)privacy @olympicchannel.com
Satismeter
(European Union)support@satismeter.com
Segment
(USA)privacy@segment.com
Stitch
(USA)privacy@talend.com
Wunderman A/S
(Denmark/Switzerland)privacy@wunderman.dk
COMMUNICATIONS AND MARKETING:
Salesforce.org EMEA Ltd/Salesforce.com Inc.
(USA, European Union, Switzerland, Japan)Contact information
VIDEO SERVICE MANAGEMENT:
Nice People at Work
(Spain)dataprotection@nicepeopleatwork.com
USER Access REQUESTS and COOKIE CONSENTS MANAGEMENT:
OneTrust
(European Union, Germany)dpo@onetrust.com
CUSTOMER IDENTITY AND ACCESS MANAGEMENT:
SAP/Gigya
(European Union, Switzerland)privacy@sap.com
TRANSACTIONAL EMAILS AND PERFORMANCE SUMMARIES:
FanHub Media Trading Pty Ltd
(Australia)Contact information
CUSTOMER SERVICES:
ServiceNow
(USA, Canada, Australia, European Union, Switzerland)privacy@servicenow.com.
MANAGEMENT AND PRODUCTION OF COMMUNICATIONS, SECURITY:
Microsoft Inc.
(USA, European Union, Switzerland)Contact information
back to top
Share this!
Fr