http://www.girlguidinglaser.org.uk/terms-and-conditions
These terms and conditions apply to the Girlguiding website, www.girlguidinglaser.org.uk (the Website).
Access to GO (Girlguiding's membership platform) is subject to additional terms and conditions, which can be found within GO.
These terms and conditions, together and our privacy policy and cookies policy (together, the Terms) govern your use of the Website and your relationship with Girlguiding London and South East. By using the Website you agree to the Terms. Please read these Terms carefully.
1. Who we are and how to contact us
2. Changes to the Website and these Terms
3. Accessing the Website
4. Keep your log-in information safe
5. Using content from the Website
6. Linking to our Website
7. Third party links and resources on our Website
8. No reliance on information
9. Responsibility for use of the Website
11. How we will use your personal information
12. Responsible use policy
13. General
1. Who we are and how to contact us
We are The Guide Association London and South East England Region (known as Girlguiding London and South East England or Girlguiding LaSER), a registered charity incorporated by Royal Charter, with charity no. 308268 (in England) and our principle address is:
3 Jaggard Way, Wandsworth Common, London, SW12 8SG
You can contact us by telephoning on 020 8675 7572 or by writing to us through our contact form
or at 3 Jaggard Way, Wandsworth Common, London, SW12 8SG.
2. Changes to the Website and these Terms
We may update our Website from time to time and change the content from time to time to reflect changes in our offering and Girlguiding LaSER’S priorities. We will take reasonable steps to notify you of any major changes.
We may amend these Terms from time to time. Every time you wish to use any of our Website, please check these Terms to ensure you understand the terms that apply at that time. We will take reasonable steps to notify you of any major changes, for example by placing a notice on the Website. These Terms were most recently updated on the date at the bottom of the page.
3. Accessing the Website
You may only use the Website in accordance with these terms and conditions and for lawful and proper purposes.
We do not guarantee that our Website, or any content contained on the Website, will always be available. We may suspend, withdraw, change or discontinue any part of our Website for business and operational reasons without notice.
You are responsible for ensuring that any persons who access our Website through your internet connection are aware of our terms and that they comply with them.
The downloading or other use of the material on the Website is done at your own discretion and risk, and with your agreement that you will be solely responsible for any damage to your computer system, loss of data or other harm that may result from such activities. Girlguiding LaSER will not be liable to you for any such damage or loss that may arise in connection with or as a result of your use of the Website, or in connection with your use of other sites linked to the Website.
We may suspend, block or end your access to the Website if you do not comply with these Terms (including the Reasonable use policy - see point 12.).
While we welcome all visitors to the Website, we cannot guarantee that the Website is appropriate or available for use in any territory. Those who visit the Website from outside the UK are responsible for complying with all applicable laws. If use of the Website breaches any law in your jurisdiction(s), you may not use the Website.
We also welcome visitors of all ages to our Website, but if you wish to purchase an item, make a donation or book an activity, you must be over the age of 18. If you are not over the age of 18, please check with your parent or guardian first.
4. Keep your log-in information safe
If you choose or are provided with a user identification code, password or any other information as part of our security procedures or for any of our services, you must treat this information as confidential. You must not disclose it to anyone else.
We have the right to disable any user identification code, password, whether chosen by you or allocated by us, at any time if in our reasonable opinion you have failed to comply with any of our Terms (including the Reasonable Use Policy.
If you know or suspect that anyone, other than you, knows your user identification code or password, please let us know by emailing info@girlguidinglaser.org.uk.
5. Using content from the Website
We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in our Website, and in the material published on it. Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved.
You cannot copy, use or reproduce any content from our Website without our prior consent except:
where extracts are downloaded or printed for personal and non-commercial use; or
where text is reproduced for the purpose of reporting in news publications provided that the text is reproduced accurately and fairly and not in a manner that could confuse or mislead others or cause damage to Girlguiding LaSER or its reputation and provided that Girlguiding LaSER is acknowledged as the source of the information.
However, under no circumstances may you use graphics, trade marks, logos, designs, images or photographs from the Website except with our prior written consent. Please send your written requests to use such content to: info@girlguidinglaser.org.uk.
6. Linking to our Website
You may link to our Website, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it.
You must not create a link to our Website in such a way that it suggests any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part without prior written consent.
7. Third party links and resources on our Website
Where our Website contains links to other sites, these links are provided for your information only. We have no control over the contents of those sites.
This Website may include information and materials uploaded by third parties. This information and these materials have not been verified or approved by us. The views expressed by others on our site do not necessarily represent our views or values.
If you wish to complain about information and materials uploaded by other users please contact us.
8. No reliance on information
The content of the pages of the Website is for your general information and use only. We try to ensure that our Website is accurate and up-to-date. We may sometimes make mistakes and cannot guarantee the accuracy of the information on our Website.
9. Responsibility for use of the Website
We cannot guarantee that the Website will be uninterrupted or error free, or that your use of it (or any material you download from it) will be free of viruses or harmful material. You are responsible for ensuring that your computer, mobile device and operating system are suitable to use, and compatible with, the Website.
It is your responsibility to ensure that (as applicable) your computer or mobile operating system (including, but not limited to, your hardware, software and data) is not damaged by your use of the Website.
You must not misuse our Website by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material that is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our Website, the server on which our site is stored or any server, computer or database connected to our Website. You must not attack our Website via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack. By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use our Website will cease immediately.
11. How we will use your personal information
We will only use your personal information as set out in the Girlguiding
Privacy policy.
12. Responsible use policy
You may use our Website only for lawful purposes. You may not use our Website:
in any way that breaches any applicable local, national or international law or regulation;
in any way that is unlawful or fraudulent or has any unlawful or fraudulent purpose or effect;
in a way that is malicious, offensive, threatening, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, harassing, false, misleading or unreliable, or that brings or is likely to bring the Girlguiding LaSER into disrepute;
for the purpose of harming or attempting to harm minors in any way;
to send, knowingly receive, upload, download, use or re-use any material which does not comply with our content standards;
to transmit, or procure the sending of, any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising or promotional material or any other form of similar solicitation (spam);
to knowingly transmit any data, send or upload any material that contains viruses, or any other harmful programmes or similar computer code designed to affect the operation of any computer software or hardware.
13. General
Nobody else has any rights under this contract. This contract is between you and us.; No other person shall have any rights to enforce any of its terms.
If the court finds part of this contract illegal, the rest will continue in force. Each of the paragraphs of these terms operates separately. If any court or relevant authority decides that any of them are unlawful, the remaining paragraphs will remain in full force and effect.
Even if we delay in enforcing this contract, we can still enforce it later. If we do not insist immediately that you do anything you are required to do under these terms, or if we delay in taking steps against you in respect of your breaking this contract, that will not mean that you do not have to do those things and it will not prevent us taking steps against you at a later date. For example, if you miss a payment and we do not chase you but we do not cancel a booking, we can still require you to make the payment at a later date.
Which country’s laws apply to disputes. English law and the jurisdiction of the English Courts will apply to these terms and conditions, save where you live in any other part of the United Kingdom, in which case the law and courts of that place shall apply.
Your browser is out-of-date!
Update your browser to view this website correctly. Update my browser now
×