https://www.camptimberlake.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy was developed as an extension of our commitment to combine the highest-quality products and services with the highest level of integrity. It is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect, use and safeguard the personal information you provide and to help you in making informed decisions when using our site, products and services. This Privacy Policy will be continually assessed against new technologies, business practices and our customers’ needs.
Access to and use of this web site is available only to United States residents who can form legally binding contracts under applicable law. If you do not qualify, you may not use the web site. In compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998, no one under 13 years of age can use the web site. If you are a minor between the ages of 13 and 18, you may use the site only in conjunction with your parent, legal guardian or other responsible adult.
As described below, some of your personally identifiable information may be used by us for the purpose of contacting you regarding the information that you have requested. By using the web site, you expressly consent to our use of your personal information and also to the disclosure to and use of this information in our efforts contact you and for continued marketing effort by our programs and agents charged with communicating with our customers and potential customers. You acknowledge that communications to, from and through this web site are not confidential. You agree that by submitting communications through this web site, no confidential, fiduciary, contractually implied or other relationship is created between you and this web site other than pursuant to this Privacy Policy.
What information do we collect?
We collect personally identifiable information you voluntarily choose to disclose and aggregate information that is automatically collected when you visit the web site.  Personally identifiable information refers to information that tells us specifically who you are and is collected when you choose to request information from our camp. This information can include your name, address, phone number, current email address, programs of interest and other information you choose to provide. If you choose to correspond with us through email, we may retain your email address and messages together with our responses.
Like many websites, we use “cookies.” Cookies are small programs that we transfer to your hard drive that allow us to recognize you and to pass information about your website visit to different portions of this web site. If you do not want us to use cookies, you can easily disable them by going to the toolbar of your web browser, and clicking on the “help” button. Follow the instructions that will prevent the browser from accepting cookies, or set the browser to inform you when you receive a new cookie. In addition, you may visit this and other websites anonymously through the use of utilities provided by other private companies.
Aggregate information is automatically provided by your computer and cannot be tied back to you as a specific individual. Examples include:
referral data (the web sites you visited just before and just after the web site)
date and time of your visits
pages viewed and time spent at the web site
browser and platform type (e.g., a Netscape browser on a Macintosh platform)
Internet Protocol (IP) address. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer on the Internet.
How do we use the personal information that you provide to us?
Broadly speaking, your personal information is used to contact you regarding opportunities and products offered by our camp. We may store your information for the purpose of communicating with you about the programs and services offered by our camp and send you updates if and when they become available. We also use personal information for purposes of administering our business activities, providing customer service, and making other products and services available to our customers and prospective customers. Occasionally, we may also use the information we collect to notify you about important changes to the web site, new services and special offers we think you will find valuable. If you provide us with full address information you may be added to one of our mailing lists from which you may opt out at any time by emailing: mail@merri-mac.com.
Sharing information with third parties
We may share your information with third party service providers for the sole purpose of communicating with you regarding the educational programs and services offered by our company. We cannot and do not make any representations about the practices and policies of these companies, and they are not subject to our Privacy Policy. Our online data management is handled by our professional partners at CampMinder. The full text of their privacy policy is available here.
How do we protect your information?
We utilize encryption/security software to safeguard the confidentiality of personal information we collect. This software provides a limited degree of protection against unauthorized access or disclosure, as well as accidental loss, alteration or destruction.
Do we comply with legally compelled disclosure of information?
We may release any private information about you that we possess when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law; to enforce or apply our Privacy Policy and/or other agreements; or to protect the rights, property or safety of us, the site users or others.
What about other sites linked to this one?
Please be aware that once you leave the site and enter another web site, our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. We are not responsible for the privacy practices employed by these sites, nor the information or content contained therein. Please read over the rules and policies of these sites before proceeding.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy, we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Contact Us
If you would like to learn more about our privacy policy, or to access your personally identifiable information contained on our website, you may contact us at:
Adam Boyd, Camp Director
Merri-Mac/Timberlake, LLC
1123 Montreat Road
Black Mountain, NC 28711
Email: mail@merri-mac.com
By Phone: 828-669-8766
You will be required to provide identification information to assure that this information is not released to others. We reserve the right to modify this policy at any time without prior notification.