http://www.nhdeca.org/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy - NH DECA
About NH DECABecome a MemberApply for ScholarshipsConferences & EventsResource CenterHow To Contact UsSearch
Privacy Policy
Information That We Collect
In running and maintaining our website we may collect and process the following data about you: * Information about your use of our site including details of your visits such as pages viewed and the resources that you access. Such information includes traffic data, location data and other communication data. * Information provided voluntarily by you. For example, when you register for information or make a purchase. * Information that you provide when you communicate with us by any means. * NH DECA will NEVER sell any information collected to third party vendors.
Use of Cookies
Cookies provide information regarding the computer used by a visitor. We may use cookies where appropriate to gather information about your computer in order to assist us in improving our website. We may gather information about your general internet use by using the cookie. Where used, these cookies are downloaded to your computer and stored on the computer’s hard drive. Such information will not identify you personally; it is statistical data which does not identify any personal details whatsoever.
You can adjust the settings on your computer to decline any cookies if you wish. This can be done within the “settings” section of your computer.
Third Party Links
On occasion we include links to third parties on this website. Where we provide a link it does not mean that we endorse or approve that site’s policy towards visitor privacy. You should review their privacy policy before sending them any personal data.
Contacting Us
Please do not hesitate to contact us regarding any matter relating to this Privacy and Cookies Policy via This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it..
© 2020 NH DECA. All Rights Reserved.
HomeContact UsPrivacy PolicySitemap