http://www.planetpals.com/privacypolicy.html
Planetpals Complete Site List!
Planetpals™, Planetpals.com™ and Planetpals Characters US Copyright 1990
Planetpals™ Privacy Policy:
We do not collect data from children!
Planetpals™ the safest place on Earth
Planetpals is committed to protecting your privacy and safety online. We encourage your parents to check and monitor your use of e-mail and other online activities, and we urge you to ask your parent's or guardian's permission before giving personal information to any Web site. In addition, we protect your privacy by not having message boards, forums, or data collection of any kind.
Planetpals™: Protect Kids Privacy
In keeping with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA)--the law that protects your online privacy--and the guidelines of the Children's Advertising Review Unit of the Council of Better Business Bureaus.
Planetpals™: Email list
Parents, Teachers: When you sign up for our mailing list, we do not share or sell your email address or information to anyone. The sole purpose is to keep you informed about our website. Children under the age of 13 must be signed up by parents and use parents email address for the mailing list, Our list is handled by Topica.
Planetpals Internet Safety Rules for Kids:
Planetpals cares
Planetpals has provided a list of Internet safety rules for you and your children to review
Shopping Policy at Shop Planetpals:
CD's, novelty merchandise, associates
All products displayed within shop.planetpals.com are those of the product merchants or vendors. planetpals.com or Judith Gorgone assumes no responsibility for product delivery, quality, or condition. All queries regarding the product/order of any item within shop.planetpals.com should be directed to the product merchants or vendors.
Planetpals™ BRAND Products and Green Toys:
All Planetpals Brand products are licensed to the manufacturer of that product. We strive to work with socially responsible companies whenever possible. For a list of Planetpals™ BRAND products check our store: http://www.planetpals.com/shop.html
Copyrights:
Planetpals.com™ website
This site is owned and operated by Judith Gorgone. No Materials or content from planetpals.com may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, disassembled, reverse engineered, or distributed in any way, except that you may download one copy of the materials on any single computer for your personal, noncommercial home or school use only, provided you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices. All trademarks, service marks, and trade names are proprietary to Judith Gorgone.
Use of Our Graphics:
Planetpals™ graphics and characters ©
If you wish to use any graphics, activities,materials or content from this site or license the PLANETPALS characters for use on any products you must contact us for permission and agreement terms.
Planetpals: The best place on earth for families and classrooms!
© planetpals.com 2008