http://adultlabs.com/privacy_policy
ADULTLABS
CONTENT
UPDATES
PACKAGES
NEW FACES
SALES
SEARCH
INFO
F.A.Q.
2257
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy.
Resources
LICENSES
Membership area and Mobile phones
Paysites membership area and mobile phone distribution (non-exclusive rights) 1x price
Promo, FHG, Affiliates, Paysites membership area (non-exclusive rights) 2x price
Free tube site License
Free sites (non-exclusive rights) 2x price
DVD/VOD Licenses
VOD (non-exclusive rights) 2x price
DVD Distribution (non-exclusive rights) 2x price
DVD and VOD Distribution (non-exclusive rights) 3x price
Broadcasting License
Broadcast Systems (non-exclusive rights) 2x price
Print License
Print, Magazines Distribution (non-exclusive rights) 2x price
Contacts
Login/Register
Basket
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on picsmasters.com website. On some pages, you can order products/subscriptions, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
- Name;
- Address;
- Email address;
- Phone number;
- ICQ UIN;
The Way We Use Information:
-  We use it exclusively to deliver our customers the best service available
Our Commitment To Data Security To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information:
-  You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by contacting our webmaster at support@adultlabs.com. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information. You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
How To Contact Us:
-  Please send us email at support@adultlabs.com