http://adultshopping.com.au/information/11-our-terms-and-conditions
>
Terms and Conditions
You are an adult at least 18years of age and can lawfully enter into and form a contract under Australian and New Zealand Law. Please note: That by accessing, using or browsing this website you agree to be bound by its terms, conditions, disclaimers and limitations of liability "Terms and Conditions" Please read them carefully. Adultshopping.com.au reserves the right to amend or update such terms, conditions, disclaimers and limitations of liability at any time without providing notice to you.
Copyright
Material on this website also comprises copyright material, trademarks and registered trademarks which are the property of Adultshopping.com.au and or third parties. This property may only be used for the purposes of browsing our website and acquiring goods and services of Adultshopping.com.au
Product Information
Prices of goods and services and delivery and other charges displayed on the Adultshopping.com.au website are current at the time of display. We take every reasonable care to ensure accuracy of all products listed. However, we do not accept liability for any errors in pricing and description. Pricing and stock availability is subject to change anytime without notice.
Product Colours
Adultshopping.com.au strives to display as accurately as possible the colors of the products shown on the Site. However, because the colours you see will depend on your monitor, we cannot guarantee that your monitor's display of any color will be accurate.
Placing and Accepting Orders
Orders will not be dispatched until payment in full has been received and we are satisfied with the integrity of the order. Without limiting the operation of any other Terms and Conditions herein. Adultshopping.com.au is not responsible for any loss or damage caused by late delivery or cancellation of an order or a product. If you need to cancel an order, please email us immediately.
Shipping - Delivery
It is your obligation to enter the correct delivery address details at time of ordering. If you enter the wrong address, we are not obliged to re send the order to the correct address at our expense If the order is not delivered as a result of an incorrect - incomplete address supplied by you, then we are not obliged to refund your order. We will provide you with an estimated date for delivery of all parcels and while we make every effort to deliver by this time, all dates specified are estimates only.
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy explains why and when we collect your personal information, and what use we make of that information and the security measures used by us to help protect your personal information. We respects your privacy and is committed to its protection. We are bound by the Australian Privacy Principals of the Privacy Act 1988 . We want your online shopping experience to be enjoyable and we take great care to respect your Security and Privacy while you visit our website.We also abide by a strict Code of Practice that demands we handle your personal details in a responsible and secure manner and that we act fairly and honestly in all our customer’s transactions. We do this gladly because we know that if you have a good experience with us, you will want to visit our site again and maybe even tell your friends about us.
Why and when we collects your information
We collect the information you give us either online or by email, post, over the phone. In most cases, the personal information we collect from you is the personal information required in order to provide a service to you, and also for on going management and support of those services. This information includes your full name, mailing address, phone number, email address, information gathered from your purchase transaction with us is used solely by us for and is not divulged or sold to third parties at any time. Further more we only collect customer’s information that is necessary for what we do. Our website makes limited use of cookies on our website. We employ these cookies in order to provide you with a better experience, including in storing your preference, improving search results. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You may reset your browser in the HELP - TOOLSmenu, to turn off the cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. But by refusing the cookies you may well reduce the enjoyment of the Internet. We use cookies to provide information on our product offerings through content networks across the internet, to track your interaction with our website and to personalise your experience on our website. You always have the option to disable cookies by turning them off in your browser.
How we uses your information
We may use your information to contact you from time to time, we may phone to confirm an Order or Postal Address and for marketing purposes via our e-newsletter.If you do not wish to receive any marketing communications from us you may opt out and stop the delivery of future promotional material by following the instructions in the e-newsletter you receive these instructions will tell you how to remove your name from our promotional list.
Security
The transfer of information across any media may involve a certain degree of risk, and the Internet is no different. However, helping you to keep your information secure is very important to us. In order to protect the security of personal information transmitted to our website, our Web servers support the use of the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) Protocol where appropriate.
Safe Technology
Our website is secured by Geo trust - SSL 256 bit certificate RapidSSL and is utilizing 256-bit SSL certificates thereby offering the highest level of encryption or security possible. This means you can rest assured that communications between your browser and this site's web servers are private and secure. Our secure server software (SSL) is among the best software available today for secure commerce transactions. It encrypts all of your personal information, including credit card number and name, so that it cannot be read as the information travels via the Internet. This technology provides a secure connection that keeps data private during transmission over the Internet. Security can be verified by a lock appearing on your browser, and by the web address containing https:// in the address bar of your browser this signifies that you have entered a secure area.When you make a payment to and submit an order form with a credit / debit card number, the information is transmitted from your computer to WorldPay using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) to encrypt the data that you send over the Internet, all card payment processing is handled by WorldPay they are a leading provider of electronic payment processing solutions around the world.
How you can access or update your information
We review our data collection, storage and processing practices to ensure that the data is needed to provide or improve our services or as otherwise permitted under this Policy. We ensure that that data is accurate, complete, and current. We depend on you to update your personal information whenever necessary. You can access your personally information that Adultshopping com au collects and maintains by logging in and clicking on My Account in the menu. We use it to better safeguard your information.
Disclaimer
We provides this website as a guideline for your convenience only. The user by receiving or reading the material contained on this website, agrees not to act in reliance upon it without first satisfying himself - herself by independent inquiry or advice as to the suitability, appropriateness, relevance, nature, fitness or purpose, likely side effects or long term effects, accuracy, reliability or otherwise of that material, having regard (without limitation) to the physical condition of the user, and his - her general fitness or medical condition. The user agrees that the user shall not have, make or bring an action, suit, claim, demand or proceedings against Adultshopping com au for damages, compensation, losses, costs, expenses, orders or any other legal or equitable remedy should any such material be found to be incorrect, inaccurate, erroneous, defective, deceptive or misleading, whether caused by negligence or any other cause whatsoever.We are committed to providing a high quality service, however we are not liable for Australia Post or Courier and other events outside our control that may delay the receipt of your goods. All items shown on this website are available for purchase, but from time to time may become unavailable if there are any problems in fulfilling your order, we will contact you via email.