https://afterdark-group.co.uk/terms-and-condition/
HomeAboutSwingingDoggingForums & ChatTourNewsJOIN HEREMembers
Navigation
HomeAboutSwingingDoggingForums & ChatTourNewsJOIN HEREMembers
18 U.S.C. 2257 Exemption/Disclosure Statement
Exemption Statement Content Produced by Third Parties: The operators of this website are not the producers of any depictions of actual or simulated sexually explicit conduct submitted by its third party users/members. The activities of the operators of this website with respect to such content are limited to the transmission, storage, retrieval, hosting and/or formatting of depictions posted directly to the website by third party users/members. Pursuant to Title 18 U.S.C. 2257(h)(2)(B)(v) and 47 U.S.C. 230(c), the operators of this website reserve the right to delete content posted by users which operators deem to be indecent, obscene, defamatory or inconsistent with their policies and terms of service. All other visual depictions displayed on this Website are exempt from the provision of 18 U.S.C. section 2257 and 28 C.F.R. 75 because they do not portray conduct as specifically listed in 18 U.S.C section 2256 (2) (A) through (D), but are merely depictions of non-sexually explicit nudity, or are depictions of simulated sexual conduct, or are otherwise exempt because the visual depictions were created prior to July 3, 1995.
Questions or comments regarding this 18 U.S.C. 2257 Exemption/Disclosure Statement should be addressed to:
Customer Support: support@afterdark-group.co.uk
Terms and Conditions
"We do not collect any customer information. Please see our payment processor's Privacy Policy concerning collected information".
Minimum age of any member of The After Dark Group shall be at least 18 years of age, or appropriate legal age of your country, but not less than 18.
Abusive behaviour of any member to another member will automatically result in closure of account. The After Dark Group takes no responsibility for content of any messages posted on The After Dark Forums or results from subsequent meetings/contacts between members.
We use comprehensive ip tracking and logging software, any members found sharing passwords to any of the group sites or forums will be banned and not eligible for any kind of refund.
The After Dark Group take no responsibility of the content of the adverts or pictures submitted to The After Dark Group and the legality of said pictures/postings is the responsibility of the member concerned. We also reserve the right to edit any advert we deem necessary. We also reserve the right to use any text/pictures submitted for advertising purposes, whilst maintaining the anonymity of our clients.
If a customer of After Dark, Inc. issues a chargeback, and the chargeback is over turned, the customer will pay for the product that he/she originally ordered, plus the customer will pay the maximum fee allowed by law. The customer of After Dark, Inc. will be held liable for any damages that may result from the false information that is given to After Dark, Inc., or any of its associated parties.
You may not post any naked photographs where the person is or appears to be under the age of 18. Members are also governed by the laws of their country and must not enter into any act which would be considered illegal by such laws. We will at our sole discretion remove any photograph which we believe to be unlawful or we have reasonable grounds to believe the person is under 18.
We reserve the right to remove any photographs and ban you from the service and where we deem appropriate report you to the police or other relevant body. Do not use the websites to threaten, harass, stalk, or abuse others participating in any of the services that we provide through our websites.
You may not redistribute images, photos or any personal data that you have found, copied or downloaded from our website. We reserve the right to remove any photographs uploaded without any explanation.
You cannot use any part of our Services to publish post, distribute, or disseminate defamatory, infringing, obscene, or other unlawful material or information.
Members, who wish to post naked photographs of themselves, must be over the age of 18.
Where you submit any contribution or posting to any of the Company's websites you agree by submitting your contribution to grant the Company a perpetual, royalty free, non-exclusive right and licence (including the right to sub-licence) to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish and exercise all copyright with respect to your contribution worldwide.
By submitting your contribution to the Company's websites you:
1.) Warrant that your contribution is your own original work, is not defamatory and does not infringe any law;
2.) Indemnify the Company and our affiliates against all legal fees, damages and other expenses that may be incurred by us as a result of your breach of the above warranty.
We accept no liability for any content that users upload that may be in breach of pre-existing copyright protection.
ALL content uploaded by any member will always without question be held in a moderation queue for approval and moderation before being allowed member access.
Complaints
Any complaints are to be sent to support@afterdark-group who will deal with the matter accordingly. Please note, the automatic mail server stores copies of all mail sent through itself for archive and complaints purposes.
Content Removal
This site uses user supplied content, please email support1@afterdark-group.co.uk, If you believe your pictures have been uploaded without your consent for removal of your pictures.
Cancellations
To cancel a subscription please visit one of our authorised billing agents Ccbill - SegPay
Refunds
Refunds for purchases or recurring charges may be requested by contacting customer support. Refunds or credits will not be issued for partially used Memberships. Cancelation for all future recurring billing may be requested we reserve the right to grant a refund or a credit applicable to purchases to the site at our discretion. The decision to refund a charge does not imply the obligation to issue additional future refunds.
Please visit CCBill.com , our authorized sales agents to cancel your membership
You need to be at least 18 years old to enter this site. All Models were 18 years of age or older when photographed.
Any charges through Segregated Payments Inc. will read SEGPAYEU.COM-Techstar on your cardholder statement for the merchant Techstar, 49 Station Rd, Polegate, East Sussex, BN26 6EA Please visit Segpay.com to cancel your subscription
Join After Dark
Home
About
Tour
Swinging
Dogging
Forums
Photos & Videos
Clubs, Glory Holes
Wives & Girlfriends
News
Enter Members Area
A Swingers WebSite.... Run By Swingers....
After DarkAfter Dark ForumsCCBILL Webmaster Affiliate
Menu
After DarkAfter Dark ForumsCCBILL Webmaster Affiliate
HomeAboutTermsPrivacyLatest NewsWebmaster Affiliate
Menu
HomeAboutTermsPrivacyLatest NewsWebmaster Affiliate
Copyright After Dark UK Swinging and Dogging - Any charges through Segregated Payments Inc. will read SEGPAYEU.COM-Techstar on your cardholder statement for the merchant Techstar, 49 Station Rd, Polegate, East Sussex, BN26 6EA
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.Cookie settingsACCEPTManage consent
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.