https://afterdark-group.co.uk/privacy/
HomeAboutSwingingDoggingForums & ChatTourNewsJOIN HEREMembers
Navigation
HomeAboutSwingingDoggingForums & ChatTourNewsJOIN HEREMembers
Privacy Policy
Introduction
This privacy policy sets out how we use and protect any information that you provide, whilst using The After Dark Swingers Forums website.
We are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Any information provided by you to us, by which you can be identified, will only be used in accordance with this privacy policy.
We may change this policy as and when necessary. It is your responsibility to check this privacy policy periodically to ensure you agree with any changes; you will be notified on your next login to the website whenever changes are made.
As a forum where anonymity is the norm, you should not share any information that will identify you personally. The site does not does not monitor the behaviour of its users, track individuals online activity for purposes of creating profiles.
What information we collect:
When you make an account on After Dark Swingers Forums, we ask for your email address, which is used to provide you with periodic updates on forum activities and automated notifications, such as email updates for new threads posted in a sub-forum, or an incoming private message. Site moderators and administrators may also contact you via this email address for a variety of reasons including site news, newsletters, forum announcements, automated messages on your status or notifications. You are encouraged to keep your identity a secret. To use this forum, you must use an email account that does not allow your "real life" identity to be determined. You may provide other information as part of your member profile, such as your location, preferences, occupation, and interests, but this is strictly voluntary.
When using our services, we may require some of the following information:
Email address
Internet Protocol (IP) address
Length of visit, page views, website navigation and any other related browsing activity
What we do with the information we collect:
The information you provide to us is required for, but not limited to, the following reasons:
Access to After Dark Forums website
Account management
Sending notices of relevant communications if you opt in or ask us to do so
We do not use any of your personal data for research or marketing purposes.
Security:
We are committed to ensuring that any information you provide to us is secure. To prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place safeguards to secure the information we collect.
Cookies
After Dark Swingers Forums uses only standard Vbulletin cookies. No advertising is allowed on the forum, so you won’t run into any cookies from advertisers. You need not use cookies to use the forum, but doing so will improve your experience here. We use cookies to enable functions like showing whether a sub forum you are viewing has new posts since your last visit, or to log you back in automatically when you return to the site if you have chosen this option when registering. If you are using a public computer, such as in a library, school or internet cafe; or if you have reason not to trust others who share your computer, it is best not to enable automatic login. After registering, you may change your cookie options at any time by editing the settings in your browser. If you have privacy concerns about cookies, you can disable cookies entirely through your browser, or disable or enable cookies on a per-site basis. Consult your browser documentation for instructions on how to block cookies and other tracking mechanisms. Your IP address is not visible to the public at any time.
Information Retention and Deletion
After Dark Swingers Forums will not retain data longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes for which it was collected or as required by applicable laws or regulations. When a users’s forum account is terminated or expired, all Personal Data collected through the platform will be deleted, as required by applicable law.
Links to other websites:
We have no control over any external websites therefore clicking any link which results in you visiting an external website will result in this privacy policy no longer applying and we cannot be held responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites.
Controlling your personal information:
When using the after dark forum, you may choose to limit public viewing of applicable personal information through the settings located in your personal account.
Sharing With Third Parties
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your explicit permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you site information or other information pertaining to your account. You can adjust what types of communication you prefer to receive in your account settings.
What You Post or Share
This site is structured with the intent of members on the forum preserving anonymity while interacting here. On the other hand, members may choose to become friends, exchange personal emails, or even meet in person at meet-ups, foregoing that privacy. Should you engage in such activity, privacy is your responsibility. Ultimately it is up to you to decide how much personal information to disclose, and to protect information you wish to remain private. The vast majority of information you share on the forum is accessible to anyone on the public Internet, so anyone can view what you post. Other areas are restricted to members or more specifically to members over a certain age or post count. Keep this in mind as you choose what to post and where. Information that you post in publicly accessible forums may be reposted or accessed via links that are shared on sites outside of the after dark forums, such as blogs, Twitter and other websites. Do not externally share or re-blog information posted in private members only sections of the forum as information in those areas is intended for members only. You should never share private information about others. Since this forum is intended for public sharing of information and encourages you to remain anonymous, privacy is largely your personal responsibility.
CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
Our services are restricted to users who are 18 years of age or older. We do not permit users under the age of 18 on our platform and we do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under the age of 18. If you suspect that a user is under the age of 18, please use the reporting mechanism available through the service.
Any requests related to individual rights or complaints related to privacy should be sent to support@afterdark-group.co.uk.
Techstar registered office 49 Station Rd Polegate East Sussex BN26 6EA
Join After Dark
Home
About
Tour
Swinging
Dogging
Forums
Photos & Videos
Clubs, Glory Holes
Wives & Girlfriends
News
Enter Members Area
A Swingers WebSite.... Run By Swingers....
After DarkAfter Dark ForumsCCBILL Webmaster Affiliate
Menu
After DarkAfter Dark ForumsCCBILL Webmaster Affiliate
HomeAboutTermsPrivacyLatest NewsWebmaster Affiliate
Menu
HomeAboutTermsPrivacyLatest NewsWebmaster Affiliate
Copyright After Dark UK Swinging and Dogging - Any charges through Segregated Payments Inc. will read SEGPAYEU.COM-Techstar on your cardholder statement for the merchant Techstar, 49 Station Rd, Polegate, East Sussex, BN26 6EA
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.Cookie settingsACCEPTManage consent
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.