http://akiralane.com/tour/privacy
NOTICE -
This site is for adults only!
This web site contains sexually explicit material:
AkiraLane.com includes explicit sexually oriented material. By continuing to view the following pages you are acknowledging that you are 18 YEARS OF AGE or older. Persons under eighteen (18) years of age, and persons who may be offended by such depictions are not authorized by AKIRALANE.COM and are forbidden to directly or indirectly access, download, acquire, view, read and listen to at, in, or through AKIRALANE.COM.
Click here for our TERMS OF SERVICE. If you proceed and follow a link on this site, you assume full responsibility for your actions.
Parents please protect your children from adult oriented sites by using one of the following softwares:
Net Nanny | Cyber Patrol | Safe Surf
I AGREE - ENTER
MEMBERS ENTRANCE
I DISAGREE - EXIT
9055 Photos			|
116 Movies
MEMBERS ENTRANCE
My next Camshow:
Sexy and sensual, Akira Lane, does it all from mild to wild, glamour to hardcore, and fetish to bondage.
Come join her unique world!
Join Now!
Homemain page
PhotosAll Updates
Videoshottest previews
WebcamWatch Me Live
CustomsPersonalized for You
StoreBuy my stuff
Join Nowbecome a member
Privacy Policy
Join Now!
Our Commitment To Privacy: Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect: This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on my (www.AkiraLane.com) website. On some pages, you can order products/subscriptions, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages may include your name, address, email address and, in some case your phone number (for tangible goods sales only).
The Way We Use Information: This information is used solely to process subscription and order fulfillment and such information is not shared with any other entity. Any and all mailing lists maintained by this site are double opt-in and are voluntary in nature and require your consent before email is sent to you.
Our Commitment To Data Security: To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Subscription Records: OrbitalPay and 2000Charge are the Merchants of Record for this site and their privacy policies may be viewed at OrbitalPay and 2000Charge respectively.
How To Contact Us: Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please send me an email to me at akira@akiralane.com.
Visit our other Akira Lane Production Sites
Subscribe to my newsletter!
Subscribe
Home|
Photos|
Videos|
Store|
Join Now|
Members
About Me|
Wishlist|
Blog|
Custom Videos and Photos|
Appearances|
Contact
18 U.S.C. 2257 Compliance statement|
Terms and Conditions|
Privacy Policy|
Customer Support
© 2020 The Broman Group, Inc. An Akira Lane Production
All Models are at least 18 years of age.
A PEEDYMEDIA DESIGN