http://archive.xusenet.com/privacy.html
AUBA Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
AUBA respects and protects the privacy of the individuals that use
AUBA's services ("automate Xusenet Picture Archive services"). Individually
identifiable information about you is not willfully disclosed to any
third party without first receiving your permission, as explained in
this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy").
AUBA and Cookies
After your first login to AUBA, AUBA sends a "cookie" to your browser.
A cookie is a piece of data that identifies you as a unique user. AUBA
uses cookies to improve the quality of our service.
AUBA does this by storing user identification in
cookies. In AUBA's advance mode, other cookies has been used to store users'
preferences.
Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can reset
your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being
sent. Be aware, however, that some parts of the AUBA service
may not function properly if you refuse cookies.
What Information Do We Collect?
AUBA does not collect any unique information about you (such as
your name, email address, etc.) except when you specifically and knowingly
provide such information.
What Access Logs Do We Keep?
AUBA doesn't keep any access logs. However,
for AUBA's protection, accesss
vilation log will be reviewed regularly and purged. All other
logs will be removed by automated system programs.
With Whom Does AUBA Share Information?
AUBA may share information about you with advertisers, business
partners, sponsors, and other third parties. However, we
will not share personally
identifiable information with any third party without your express consent.
Please be aware, that we will release specific
personal information about you if required to do so in order to comply
with any valid legal process such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute,
or court order.
Your consent and changes to the Privacy Policy
By using the AUBA Services and our web site, you consent
to the collection and use of your information as we have outlined in
this policy and to our Terms of Service Policy. AUBA may decide
to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we do, we will
post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of the
information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances
we disclose it.
Who can I ask if I have additional questions?
Feel free to contact us any time and we'll answer any additional questions
you may have. Our email address is support@xusenet.com.
©2001 - 2019 AUBA - Home