http://blackgirlsbound.com/privacy_policy.htm
Privacy Policy
Blackgirlsbound.com
is dedicated to respecting your privacy online and recognizes your need
for reasonably appropriate protection and management of any personally
identifiable information you disclose from unauthorized access or disclosure.
Any and all information collected at this site will be kept strictly
confidential and will not be sold, rented, loaned, or otherwise disclosed
to any other person or organization. You may choose whether or not to
provide personal information to us. Though we currently have no functions
or needs to collect personal information, this document is still written
with the potential that such information may be collected. We may make
an exception to this rule in response to unlawful activity on the part
of a subscriber, or unless requested via a subpoena, court order, or
local, state, federal or international law enforcement agency that has
the necessary authority to force the release of any information requested.
This policy applies to all users of blackgirlsbound.com and includes,
the blackgirlsbound.com web site, any and all of the following; email
systems, databases, documentation, and contents.
PLEASE NOTE: The Privacy Policies of Blackgirlsbound.com
differ from that of Bee-Tokens. Please see Bee-Tokens' Privacy Policy
concerning collected information.
Some of blackgirlsbound.com web pages utilize cookies and other tracking
technologies. You may set most browsers to notify you if you receive
a cookie or you may choose to block cookies with your browser. It is
the user's responsibility to make those necessary adjustments. Your
user IP address is used by blackgirlsbound.com to record your transactions,
and may be used to diagnose problems with our server.
Your user IP address can be used to identify you to authorities in the
case of fraud or any other illegal activities.
This web site contains links to other sites. Blackgirlsbound.com is
not responsible for the privacy practices of any other sites. This privacy
statement applies solely to information collected by blackgirlsbound.com.
You will not receive any e-mail from blackgirlsbound.com unless you
requested it and can indicate at any time that you do not wish to receive
e-mail information from us. Blackgirlsbound.com is not responsible for
securing the privacy of your email account you provide to blackgirlsbound.com
or any correspondence to that account if the user has agreed to receive
correspondence from blackgirlsbound.com. We do not provide your e-mail
to third parties without your express consent.
By using this web site, you consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy
and to the system and practices by which your personal information is
gathered and recorded.
This web site's policies may change without notice and are the viewers'
responsibility to check before entering the site. If you have any comments
or questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact the webmaster
at:
ABSOLUTE
PRIVACY IS NOT GUARANTEED. Any issues regarding this privacy
policy will be addressed toward the best possible resolution.