https://bootyparlor.com/privacy-security/
Skip to content
Privacy & Security
At Booty Parlor, we take your privacy very seriously. The information you provide will not be shared with any third party without your explicit consent.
Information We Collect: We may obtain personal information about you from various sources. We may collect this information when you provide it on our website, our social media platforms, mobile applications or at one of our events.
This Privacy Policy does not address any data collection by any of our retail partners. When you visit this site, our social media platforms, or our social networking or mobile applications, we may also collect certain information about your device or usage by automated means or by using technologies such as cookies, web server logs and web beacons.
Information You Provide: You may choose to provide personal information to us in a number of ways, such as when you sign up for our newsletter, participate in an offer or promotion, or when you make a purchase on our site. The types of personal information you may provide to us includes:
Contact information (such as name, postal address, email address, and mobile or other phone number)
Age and date of birth
Gender
Username and password
Payment information (such as your payment card number, expiration date, delivery address, and billing address)
Contact information for friends or other people you would like us to contact
Content you provide (such as photographs, videos, reviews, articles and comments)
Information provided to us by social networks or mobile applications when you visit our social media platforms or use one of our social networking or mobile applications (such as your name, profile picture, likes, location, friend list and other information described in the social networking application sign-up page, or your geo-location details when using one of our mobile applications)
HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION
We may use the information you provide to:
Send you relevent promotional materials or other communications
Provide services to you
Process your payment and/or gift card transactions
Create and manage your online account
Respond to your inquiries
Communicate with you about, and administer your participation in, special events, contests, sweepstakes, programs, surveys and other offers
Operate and communicate with you about our social networking or mobile applications
Operate, evaluate and improve our business (including developing new products and services; managing our communications; analyzing our products; performing data analytics; and performing accounting, auditing and other internal functions)
Comply with applicable legal requirements, relevant industry standards and our policies
We also may use the information in other ways for which we provide specific notice at the time of collection.
Information We Collect by Automated Means: When you visit this site or our online advertisements or use one of our social networking or mobile applications, we collect certain information about your usage or device by automated means or by using technologies such as cookies, web server logs and web beacons. For example, if you use one of our mobile applications, we may collect your unique device identifier (or other device identifier) and/or geolocation data in order to offer you certain features or functionalities within that mobile application. As set forth in more detail below, we may also collect information about your usage and browsing habits using various web-based technologies.
Cookie Policy: Cookies are small text files that websites send to your computer or other Internet-connected device to uniquely identify your browser or to store information or settings in your browser.
Your browser may tell you how to be notified when you receive certain types of cookies and how to restrict or disable certain cookies. Please note, however, that without cookies you may not be able to use all of the features of our website. In conjunction with obtaining information through cookies, our web servers may log details such as your operating system type, browser type, domain, and other system settings, as well as the language your system uses and the country and time zone in which your device is located. The web server logs also may record information such as the address of the web page that linked you to our site and the IP address of the device you use to connect to the Internet.
To control which web servers collect this information, we may place tags on our web pages called “web beacons.” These are computer instructions that link web pages to particular web servers and their cookies.
Third Party Web Analytics Services: We may use third party web analytics services on this site, our social media platforms, or our social networking or mobile applications, such as Google Analytics. The service providers that administer these services use technologies such as cookies, web server logs and web beacons to help us analyze how visitors use the site. The information collected through these means (including IP address) is disclosed to these service providers, who use the information to evaluate use of the website. You may deactivate the ability of these analytics services to analyze your browsing activities on this site.
To disable the Google Analytics cookie and any other third party web analytics service provider cookies, some browsers indicate when a cookie is being sent and allow you to decline cookies on a case-by-case basis.
Targeted Advertising: We also may contract with third-party advertising networks that collect IP addresses and other information through the use of cookies, web server logs and web beacons on our websites and emails; on third-party websites and emails; and on our advertising placed on third-party websites. They use this information to provide advertisements about products and services tailored to your interests (including for companies not affiliated with us). You may see these advertisements on other websites. This process also helps us manage and track the effectiveness of our marketing efforts.
HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION COLLECTED BY AUTOMATED MEANS
We may use the information collected through automated means on this site for market research, data analytics and system administration purposes, such as to determine whether you’ve visited us before or are new to the site, and for compliance with our legal obligations, policies and procedures, including compliance with relevant industry standards and the enforcement of our Terms and Conditions. We also may use the information in other ways for which specific notice is provided at the time of collection.
California Do Not Track Notice: Under California law, website and online service operators are required to disclose how they respond to web browser do not track” signals or other similar mechanisms that provide consumers the ability to exercise choice regarding the collection of personal information about a consumer’s online activities over time and across third party websites, to the extent the operator engages in that collection. At this time, we do not track our customers’ personal information over time and across third-party websites and therefore this requirement does not apply to us.
California law also requires website and online service operators to disclose whether third parties may collect personal information about their users’ online activities over time and across different sites when the users use the operator’s website or service. Third parties that have content or services on our site such as a social feature, analytics service, or an advertising network partner, may obtain information about your browsing or usage habits but this information does not include personal information. We do not knowingly permit such third parties to collect any personal information from our site unless you directly provide it to us and we provide it to them with your consent.
INFORMATION WE SHARE
We do not rent lists, or sell or otherwise disclose personal information we collect about you, except as described here. We may share your personal information with:
Service providers who perform services on our behalf based on our instructions. We do not authorize these service providers to use or disclose the information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or comply with legal requirements. Examples of these service providers include entities that process credit card payments, fulfill orders, and provide web hosting and marketing services.
Other third parties with your consent (e.g., some of our Facebook applications may share information collected through those apps with your Facebook friends or other Facebook users).
In addition, we may disclose information about you (i) if we are required to do so by law or legal process, (ii) to law enforcement authorities or other government officials, or (iii) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss, or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual fraudulent or illegal activity.
We also reserve the right to transfer personal information we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets. Should such a sale or transfer occur, we will use reasonable efforts to direct the transferee to use personal information you have provided to us in a manner that is consistent with our Privacy Policy. Following such a sale or transfer, you may contact the entity to which we transferred your personal information with any inquiries concerning the processing of that information.
YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICES
We offer you certain choices in connection with the personal information we collect from you, such as how we use the information and how we communicate with you. To update your preferences, ask us to remove your information from our mailing lists or submit a request, please contact us as specified below:
Email Opt-Out: You can at any time tell us not to send you marketing communications by email by clicking on the unsubscribe link within the marketing emails you receive from us or by contacting us as indicated below.
You also may opt out of receiving marketing emails from Booty Parlor by contacting our Customer Service team at customerservice@bootyparlor.com
Postal Mail Opt-Out: You can ask Booty Parlor to stop sending you marketing communications by postal mail by following the instructions that may be included in a particular promotion. You also can request that we refrain from sending you promotional postal mail by contacting our Customer Service team,  as indicated above.
Social Networking Application Opt-Out: To remove or delete our apps from your social networking account, follow the instructions from the social network
Geo-Location Information: When you use one of our mobile applications, you may be asked for your geo-location via our mobile application. You may choose not to share your geo-location details by adjusting your mobile device’s location services settings. To decline from sharing your geo-location details, follow the instructions on your mobile device on changing the relevant settings; otherwise, please contact your service provider or device manufacturer.
WITHDRAWING CONSENT
You may withdraw any consent you previously provided to us, or object at any time on legitimate grounds, to the processing of your personal information. We will apply your preferences going forward. In some circumstances, withdrawing your consent to our use or disclosure of your personal information will mean that you cannot take advantage of some of our products or services.
Reviewing, Updating and Modifying Personal Information: Subject to applicable law, you may have the right to request access to and receive details about the personal information we maintain about you, update and correct inaccuracies in your personal data, and have the information blocked or deleted, as appropriate. The right to access personal information may be limited in some circumstances by local law requirements. You may request to review, change or delete your personal information by sending an email to customerservice@bootyparlor.com
DATA TRANSFERS
We may transfer the personal information we collect about you to countries other than the country in which the information was originally collected. Those countries may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you initially provided the information. When we transfer your information to other countries, we will protect that information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Children’s Privacy: This site is not directed to children under the age of thirteen and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of thirteen on the site. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personal information from a visitor under the age of thirteen on the site, we will delete the information from our records.
How We Protect Personal Information: We maintain appropriate administrative, technical and physical safeguards designed to protect the personal information you provide against accidental, unlawful or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure or use.
Links To Other Websites: Our website may provide links to other websites for your convenience and information. These websites may operate independently from us. Linked sites may have their own privacy notices or policies, which we strongly suggest you review if you visit any linked websites. To the extent any linked websites you visit are not owned or controlled by us, we are not responsible for the sites’ content, any use of the sites, or the privacy practices of the sites.
Updates To Our Privacy Policy: This Privacy Policy may be updated periodically and without prior notice to you to reflect changes in our personal information practices. We will post a prominent notice on our website to notify you of any significant changes to our Privacy Policy and indicate at the top of the Policy when it was most recently updated.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, or if you would like us to update information we have about you or your preferences, please contact us by email at: customerservice@bootyparlor.com
Search for:
Seductive Beauty
Fragrance
Body Mists
Perfume
Sexy Skin-Care
Body Shimmers
Body Butters
Body Scrubs
Firming
Bronzing
Lip Glosses & Stains
Intimate Grooming
Bath
Bubbles & Shower Gel
Romantic Treats
Massage
Massage Oils
Massage Candles
Lubricants
Edible Lubricants
Personal Lubricant
Bedroom Accessories
Panties
Bonding
Edible
Sexy Gifts
Gifts By Price
Gifts Under $30
Gifts Under $50
Gifts Over $50
Gifts By Recipient
Gifts For Your Lover
Gifts She’ll Adore
Gifts For Your Girlfriends
Bachelorette & Bridal Gifts
Gift Sets & Bundles
LoveKits
Bootylicious Candy Bar Gift Set
Shop By Collection
Shop By Fragrance
Marshmallow Gold
Chocolate Bronze
Strawberry Kiss
Sugared Apple
Raspberry Lemon
Jasmine
Peach Mango
Sandalwood Vanilla
Cinnamon
Honey, Blackberry & Vanilla
Shop By Ingredient
Pheromones
Aphrodisiacs
Firming
Edible
Enter The Parlor
Booty Parlor’s School Of Sexy
About Us
Shop By Price
$0-$20
$21-39
$40+
Other Ways To Shop
What’s New
Best Sellers
Gift Cards
All Products
Sale
The Mojo Makeover
Login
Login
Username or email address *
Password *
Remember me
Log in
Lost your password?
Register
Email address *
Password *
Sign me up for Booty Parlor's special offers!