http://brownbottle.com/privacypolicy.html
This site is hosted by Yahoo Small Business. Yahoo Small Business hosts the store pages, ordering
system, and order data. Yahoo Small Business automatically collects order information but
may only use this information in the aggregate. If you accessed this store
through Yahoo Shopping, Yahoo Small Business also automatically collects information
about your shopping experience. Please see the
Yahoo Privacy Policy for more
information about how Yahoo Small Business uses this information.Whirlwind Distributing's Privacy PolicyWe are strong believers in everyone's inalienable right to be left alone, to be allowed to live and make choices for themselves in their private pursuit of happiness, and we pledge to honor your privacy in every way we can. Secure Online Ordering -- All online transactions are handled with industry-standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption. When you enter your credit card number and personal information into the order form, it is transmitted across the Internet in an encrypted (scrambled) form, then decoded when it gets to us. This provides a secure shopping environment for you.
For added security, order data is transfered to offline computers and all credit card information is automatically erased from the Yahoo! Store system after 30 days.E-Mail and Mailing List Privacy -- We'll use your e-mail address when we are confirming your Internet order, or notifying you of changes/updates to the site or other news. We assure you, we have never made and will never make our email list or mailing list available to other companies, ever.Your Comments-- Occasionally our customers are inspired to tell us about a memorable experience they've had with Whirlwind. We encourage this, as we love to hear from you, and your comments help us improve our service. We occasionally share comments we receive via our website; rest assured, we do not publish any last names or specific address information that may identify the author.