https://friendshipexpress.com/privacy
Loading...
MainJoinPhotoEventsForumFriendsVideo
Friendship Express
Please sign in
Remember me
Forgot Password
Welcome to The Friendship Express community!
If you're age 21 and over and not already a member, please click on Join to enjoy this community.
If you're under 21, please click here.4/10/19 Update:
We updated the website last night and the password database somehow got corrupted. If it says "invalid password", please use Forgot Password to reset your password.
If you don't see the password reset in your inbox, please check your Spam/Bulk Mail Folder. Thanks for your patience.
Join
Sign In
Sign up
Main
Join
Photo
Events
Forum
Friends
Video
Privacy Policy/18 U.S.C. § 2257 Compliance
Thank you for visiting our website. This privacy policy tells you how we use personal information collected at this website. Please read this privacy policy before using the website or submitting any personal information. By using this website, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. These practices may be changed, but any changes will be posted and will only apply to activities and information on a going forward, not retroactive basis. You are encouraged to review the privacy policy whenever you visit the site to keep track of the policy changes and make sure that you understand howany personal information you provide will be used.
Note: the privacy practices set forth in this privacy policy are for this website only. If you link to other websites, please review the privacy policies posted at those websites.
Collection of Information
We collect personally identifiable information, like names, email addresses, etc., when voluntarily submitted by our visitors. This information is only used to fulfill your specific request, and to sign you up for our service mailing list, unless you give us permission to use it in other manners.
Cookie/Tracking Technology
This website may use cookie and tracking technology depending on the features offered. Cookie and tracking technology are useful for gathering information such as browser type and operating system, tracking the number of visitors to the website, and understanding how visitors use the website. Cookies can also help customize the website for visitors. Personal information cannot be collected via cookies and other tracking technology, however, if you previously provided personally identifiable information, cookies may be tied to such information. Aggregate cookie and tracking information may be shared with third parties.
Distribution of Information
We may share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when: (1) permitted or required by law; or, (2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or, (3) investigating fraud which has already taken place. The information is not provided to these companies for marketing purposes.
Commitment to Data Security
Your personally identifiable information is kept secure. Only authorized employees, agents and contractors (who have agreed to keep information secure and confidential) have access to this information. All emails and newsletters from this website allow you to opt out of further mailings.
Privacy Contact Information
If you have any questions, concerns, or comments about our privacy policy you may contact us using means provided on this website. We reserve the right to make changes to this policy. Any changes to this policy will be posted.
Specific Disclosures for the European Economic Area(This section is effective on May 25, 2018)
This section applies to data processing activities of data subjects residing in the European Economic Area as well as, regardless of residence, to the processing of any Personal Data in the European Economic Area. To the extent there is any conflict between the Specific Disclosures for the European Economic Area and any other part of the Privacy Policy or Terms of Use, this section shall control.
For purposes of this section, the following definitions apply:
“Personal Data,” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (‘data subject’). An identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.
“Sensitive Personal Data” or “Special Categories of Data” means Personal Data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership, and the processing of genetic data, biometric data for the purpose of uniquely identifying a natural person, data concerning health or data concerning a natural person's sex life or sexual orientation.
1. Legal Basis for Processing
We collect and process your Personal Data for a variety of different purposes which are set out in further detail in this section.
In some cases, we will ask for your consent so that we may process your Personal Data. However, in certain circumstances, applicable data protection laws allow us to process your Personal Data without needing to obtain your consent.
1.1. CONSENT FOR PROCESSING SENSITIVE PERSONAL DATA
We obtain your explicit consent to process your Sensitive Personal Data. Certain Sites may require this data to provide the Services. Please note that, if you choose not to provide Sensitive Personal Data, certain features or Services may be unavailable or not function properly.
In certain limited circumstances, we may process or otherwise disclose your Sensitive Personal Data without your consent to protect the vital interests of you or of another person where the data subject is physically or legally incapable of giving consent, or where it is necessary to establish, exercise, or defend legal claims, including to comply with law enforcement or other legal or judicial orders or requests for such purposes.
1.2. CONSENT FOR PROCESSING NON-SENSITIVE PERSONAL DATA
In cases where we are not already authorized to process the Personal Data under applicable law, we may ask for your consent to process your non-Sensitive Personal Data, including:
Marketing
We may ask for your consent for Friendship Express or our partners or vendors to contact you by telephone, SMS, post and/or email about other offers, products, promotions, developments or Services which we think may be of interest to you and for other marketing purposes.
Use of Cookies
Our Site uses cookies and similar technologies to improve user experience and for analytics. We also use cookies and similar technologies for purposes of marketing and advertising, including interest-based advertising. For more information on interest-based advertising, see section 3 (Interest-Based Advertising). In those jurisdictions that require it, we allow the data subject to give explicit permission or to deny the use of certain categories of cookies.
If you want to block the use and saving of cookies from the Site on to their computers hard drive, you should take the necessary steps within your web browser’s settings to block all cookies from the Site. Please note that if you choose to erase or block your cookies, certain parts of our Site may not function correctly. For information on how to disable cookies, refer to your browser’s documentation.
1.3. PROCESSING PERSONAL DATA WHERE CONSENT NOT REQUIRED
In certain cases where we are not processing Sensitive Personal Data, separate consent may not be required, including:
For the performance of a contract.
To perform our contractual obligations to you, including fulfilling orders or purchases you have made, contacting you in relation to any issues with your order or use of our Services, in relation to the provision of our Services, or where we need to provide your Personal Data to our service providers related to the provision of the Services.
To comply with legal obligations.
To comply with laws, regulators, court orders, or other legal obligations, or pursuant to legal process.
To protect data subjects’ vital interests.
To protect the vital interests of you or of another person.
Legitimate Interests.
To operate our business and provide our Services (other than in performing our contractual obligations to you) for our “legitimate interests” and for the purposes of applicable law, except where such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject which require protection of personal data. Legitimate interests may include:
To communicate with you regarding the Services, including to provide you important notices regarding changes to our Terms of Use and to address and respond to your requests, inquiries, and complaints.
To assist in the investigation of suspected illegal or wrongful activity, and to protect and defend our rights and property, or the rights or safety of third parties.
To develop, provide, and improve our Services.
To enforce our Terms of Use or this Privacy Notice, or agreements with third parties.
2. WITHDRAWING YOUR CONSENT
You may at any time withdraw the consent you provide for the processing of your Personal Data or Sensitive Personal Data for the purposes set forth in this Privacy Notice by contacting us at friendshipexpress88@gmail.com, provided that we are not required by applicable law or professional standards to retain such information.
If you want to stop receiving future marketing messages and materials, you can do so by clicking the “unsubscribe” link included in our email marketing messages or by contacting us at friendshipexpress88@gmail.com.
3. DATA SUBJECT RIGHTS
You have the right in certain circumstances to request confirmation from us as to whether or not we are processing your Personal Data. Where we are processing your Personal Data, you also have the right to request access to, modification of, or deletion of such Personal Data.
You also have the right in certain circumstances to receive the Personal Data concerning you that you provided to us, to restrict processing of your Personal Data, or to transmit such data to another controller.
To exercise your rights with respect to your Personal Data, please contact us at friendshipexpress88@gmail.com.  As permitted by law, certain data elements may not be subject to access, modification, portability, restriction, and/or deletion. Furthermore, where permissible, we may charge for this service. We will respond to reasonable requests as soon as practicable and as required by law.
4. DE-IDENTIFIED OR ANONYMIZED DATA
We may create de-identified or anonymous data from Personal Data by removing data components (such as your name, email address, or linkable tracking ID) that makes the data personally identifiable to you or through obfuscation or through other means. Our use of anonymized data is not subject to this Privacy Notice.
5. DATA RETENTION
We will retain your Personal Data for as long as long as you maintain an account or subscription agreement or as otherwise necessary to provide you the Services. We will also retain your Personal Data as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
6. RIGHT TO LODGE A COMPLAINT WITH A SUPERVISORY AUTHORITY
You may have a right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
7. CONTACT US
For questions regarding this Privacy Notice, please contact us at: friendshipexpress88@gmail.com.
FriendshipExpress.com, A Service of Aspire, Inc. PRIVACY POLICY Effective on: May 24, 2018
---------------------------------------------------
Friendship Express complies with 18 U.S.C. § 2257, and its regulations.
Disclaimer: This website contains adult material.
All members have certified that the pictures submitted are of individuals 18 years of age or older and all primary producers have certified that they have complied with 28 C.F.R. 75 thereby exempting Friendship Express from the record keeping requirements of 18 U.S.C. 2257(a)--(c).
The owners and operators of this website are not the primary or secondary producers (as that term is defined in 18 USC section 2257 or subsequent case law defining such) of any of the visual content contained in the website.
In fulfilling its obligations under 18 U.S.C. § 2257 Friendship Express relies on the plain language of the statute and on the well-reasoned decision of the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit in Sundance Associates, Inc. v. Reno, 139 F.3d 804, 808 (10th Cir 1998), which held that entities which have no role in the "hiring, contracting for, managing, or otherwise arranging for the participation" of the models or performers, are exempt from the record-keeping requirements of 18 U.S.C. § 2257.
Terms of use | 	Privacy Policy/18 U.S.C. § 2257 Compliance | 	Contact Us | 	Store
© Copyright Friendship Express
(c)Friendship Express
Password Protected Photo
(c)Friendship Express
Password Protected Photo
(c)Friendship Express
Password Protected Photo