http://gayescorts.net/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
DATA PROTECTION
1.1 We have created this Privacy Policy in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for the website (www.GayEscorts.net ). The Website contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other such websites.
DATA PROTECTION
2.1 Your privacy and security is of utmost importance to us. We will always follow the principles of the Data Protection Act 1998 and the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003 and ask you how you would like us and/or our licensors to communicate with you.
2.2 By collecting your data (Data), it allows us to understand what your needs and wants are, provide personalised content and match the most relevant advertisements and services for you. It also enables us to provide many targeted offers and services that we believe you may be interested to hear about.
2.3 The Data Officer supervises the collection, use and dissemination of all Data. The current Data Officer is [insert name].
USE OF DATA
3.1 The Provider will use your Personal Information together with other information for administration (including providing any goods, services or information you have requested), marketing, customer services and profiling your purchasing preferences. We will disclose your Personal Information to our service providers and agents for these purposes.
3.2 By returning or submitting a form with your Personal Information to us or your continued use of the Services, you consent to:
(a) our processing any sensitive data included in your Personal Information provided to us such as health data for the above purposes; and
(b) the transfer and processing of your Personal Information in countries outside of the European Economic Area which may not provide the same level of data protection as the UK.. If we do make such a transfer or if your Personal Information will be processed outside of the European Economic Area, we will put a contract in place to ensure your Personal Information is protected or where applicable covered by the US ‘Safe Harbor Program’.
3.3 When you give us your Personal Information, we will give you the opportunity to opt out of receiving communications by phone or telephone from us. If you do so, this will preclude you from receiving any of our special offers or promotions in future. We will also give you the opportunity to opt in to receive such information by e-mail or SMS and will only send it to you if you do opt in or if you are a Member and the information relates to similar goods or services to those which you have previously purchased from us.
3.4 You may also exercise your right to opt out of the use of your Personal Information for marketing purposes at any time by contacting us by the methods explained at the end of this notice. Your Personal Information will be disclosed where we are obliged or permitted by law to do so. If you post or send offensive or objectionable content anywhere on or to the Website or otherwise engage in any disruptive behaviour on the Website, we can use whatever Data that is available to us about you to stop such behaviour. This may involve informing relevant third parties such as your employer and law enforcement agencies about the content and your behaviour.
3.5 We would like to share your Personal Information with organisations who are our business partners. They may contact you by mail or telephone to let you know about any goods, services or promotions, which may be of interest to you. We will always give you an option to opt out at the point where you give us your Personal Information. We will never supply your Personal Information to a third party for marketing purposes if you tell us not to. You may also exercise your right to opt out of the use of your Personal Information being supplied to a third party, for marketing purposes at any time, by contacting us by the methods explained at the end of this notice.
COOKIES
4.1 When you visit the Website, we may send you a cookie. A cookie is a small file that can be placed on your computer’s hard disk for record keeping purposes and we may use them to do a number of things:
(a) our processing of any sensitive data included in your Personal Information provided to us such as health data for the above purposes; and
(b) cookies help us to recognise you when you next visit one of our websites and note the advertisements displayed to you. This allows us to tailor the advertisements we provide to your preferences. We may use the services of third party servers for this purpose.
(c) cookies may be used to compile anonymous statistics related to the take up or use of services, or to patterns of browsing. A third party collects such data on our behalf to measure the performance of the Website. Information collected is aggregated for reporting purposes. No personally identifiable information is collected by this service. The use of this service assists us in measuring and improving the structure and ease of use of the Website.
(d) We may also track IP addresses. An IP Address is a number that can identify an Internet Service Provider, country location etc. It cannot provide personal information. We will not use the IP Address to build a profile on Users, we only use the information for demographic and statistical purposes
4.2 Your privacy and security is of utmost importance to us. We will always follow these principles and ask you how you would like us and/or our licensors to communicate with you.
4.3 It is also possible that Advertisers may download cookies to your computer. Cookies may then be used to allow Advertisers to compile anonymous statistics, personalise advertising content and monitor the effectiveness of their campaigns. We cannot control nor do we have access to any cookies placed on your computer by Advertisers.
4.4 Cookies cannot be used by themselves to identify you. You are not obliged to accept cookies and may modify your browser so that it will not accept cookies. If you do disable cookies, many of the Services may not be available to you.
CREDIT CHECKS
5.1 If you apply for credit then to help us to make credit decisions about you, to prevent fraud, to check your identity and to prevent money laundering, we may search the files of credit reference agencies who will record any credit searches on your file. We may also disclose details of how you conduct your account to such agencies. The information will be used by other credit grantors for making credit decisions about you and the people with whom you are financially associated for fraud prevention, money laundering prevention and occasionally for tracing debtors.
UPDATING OR DELETING DATA
6.1 Upon termination of your Website account in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of Service set out in [insert web page], we shall remove all Data containing your personal information from the Website as soon as is reasonably possible.
6.2 Although the Personal Information has been removed from the Website, the Personal Information from closed accounts is retained in order to comply with legal obligations, prevent fraud, collect any fees owed, resolve disputes and troubleshoot problems etc, but always done within a legal framework.
6.3 When you request to be removed from further marketing offers, you will be added to a suppression list to ensure your request is complied with. All personal data is processed in line with the requirements of the Data Protection Act 1998 and the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003.
PUBLICLY ACCESSIBLE AREAS
7.1 Any Personal Information submitted to, or made available by you, in the Publicly Accessible areas of the Website may be viewed by other third parties and your Personal Information may be viewed, collected and used by third parties over whom we have no control. We are not responsible for either the information you submit to, or otherwise make available in, such Publicly Accessible areas, or any use that may be made of the Personal Information by any third party thereof.
INFORMATION REQUESTS
6.4 You have a right to ask for a copy of your Personal Information and to ask us to correct any inaccuracies in your Personal Information. To make sure we follow your instructions correctly and to improve our service to you through training of our staff, we may monitor or record telephone calls.
6.5 When you give us Personal Information about another person, you confirm that they have appointed you to act for them, to consent to the processing of their Personal Information, including sensitive personal data, to the transfer of their Personal Information abroad and to receive on their behalf any Data Protection Notices.
MODIFICATION OF PRIVACY POLICY
9.1 This Privacy Policy may be modified from time to time as a result of any changes in the law, best practice and/or in our Services.
See escorts from:
United Kingdom
Leeds
London
United States
Clarksville
Miami
New Orleans
New York
Saint Louis
News and Updates
Gay Guide to Los Angeles
May 1, 2017
London Gay Nightlife – Soho Edition
May 1, 2017
Paris le Marais – The Gay District
May 1, 2017
The Best London Hotels for out call Escorts
May 1, 2017
Gay Guide to Miami and Gay Escorts in Miami
May 1, 2017
New York Gay Escorts and City Guide
May 1, 2017
The Best Gay Cities – You wouldn’t have guessed
May 1, 2017
How to Become a High Class Male Escort
May 1, 2017
Categories
Advice (1)
Gay City Guides (8)
Gay Nightlife Guide (7)
Subscribe to Our Newsletter
Please leave this field emptyEmail *
Check your inbox or spam folder now to confirm your subscription.
Quick Search:
Country
United Kingdom
United States
FemaleMaleCoupleGayTranssexual
Only premium
Only independent
Advanced search
Return To TopRegister on GayEscorts.net
Escort Registration
Member Registration
Search Escorts
T & C’s
Privacy Policy
Links
About
Contact
FAQ
© 2020 GayEscorts.net – International Gay Escorts
YOU MUST AGREE TO THE FOLLOWING BEFORE ENTERING!
WARNING - This area of the website may contain nudity and sexuality, and is intended for a mature person. It must not to be accessed by anyone under the age of 18 (or the age of consent in the jurisdiction from which it is being accessed).
I am over age 18 years old, and I have the legal right to possess adult material in my community.
I will not permit any person(s) under 18 years of age to have access to any of the materials contained in this site.
I am familiar with the rules governing the viewing or possession of sexually oriented materials as defined by my local jurisdiction.
I agree that responsibility for the editorial content, and/or the content of advertisers' pages do not necessarily reflect the opinions of the publisher of this website.
I am voluntarily choosing to access this site, because I want to view, read and/or hear the various materials which are available. I do not find images of nude adults, adults engaged in sexual acts, or other sexual material to be offensive or objectionable.
I will exit from this site immediately if I am in any way offended by the sexual nature of any material.
I understand and agree to abide by the standards and laws of my community. By logging on and viewing any part of this website, I agree that I shall not hold the owners of the website or its employees responsible for any materials located on the site.
This entire website, including it's code, images, logos, and names are protected by copyright, and any infringement of said copyright will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law. The creators of this website along with the services provided are released of all liabilities.
ENTER
EXIT