http://gaytoday.badpuppy.com/index.php/terms-of-service
Gay News | Gay Today
Headlines
World
Entertainment
Events
Health
Tech
Jesse’s Journal
Lifestyle
People
G Archive
RSS Feed
Twitter
Terms Of Service
The Summary:
You are an adult and you are legally allowed to view porn from your location, and you WANT to view porn from your location. We provide a website that contains a lot of gay men having sex. You are paying us to get inside these websites. Now go check out what we have to offer.
The Basic Foundations:
Introduction – This User Agreement governs your use of our websites, and you agree to read it before you view our websites. If you don’t understand something, contact us at support@badpuppy.com. If you don’t agree with any of these terms, you are not permitted to access our sites
Party Definitions
“Us,” the service provider -Badpuppy Enterprises (hereinafter, also referred to as simply, “Badpuppy,”) is the service provider of the Website. When this Agreement uses pronouns such as “Us,” “We,” “Our,” “Ours,” etc., those first-person pronouns are referring to Badpuppy, as the service provider for the Website.
“You,” the User – As a User of this Website, this Agreement will refer to the User as “You” or through any second-person pronouns, such as “Your,” “Yours,” etc. Hereinafter, the User of the Website shall be referred to in applicable second-person pronouns.
The Website(s) – When the term “Website,” “Websites,” “Website(s),” “Network,” or simply, “Service(s),” is used in this set of Terms & Conditions, it refers to Badpuppy and websites owned or operated by Badpuppy that you access through Badpuppy unless the Agreement specifically says otherwise.
BEFORE accessing or using Our Website(s), You must agree to ALL of the conditions in this Agreement. If You do not wish to be bound by each and every provision in this Agreement, then You are not welcome to use this Website, or any of Our Websites. You don’t get to pick and choose which parts of these Terms you like. Sorry guys, that is just the way it is in the world today.
If You do not understand all of these terms, then You should consult with an attorney before accessing/using any portion of Our Website(s).
Every time you log in to our members area you are presumed to have read and agreed to these terms.
Revisions to this Agreement
From time to time, Badpuppy (and only Badpuppy) may revise this Agreement. We reserve the right to do so, and You agree that We have this unilateral right. You agree that all modifications or changes to this Agreement are in force immediately upon posting. The updated or edited version supersedes any prior versions immediately upon its posting, and the prior version(s) shall have no continuing legal effect.
You agree to review these Terms when you re-visit our websites
Waiver – If You fail to re-review this Agreement when You revisit our sites as required to determine if any of the terms have changed, You assume all responsibility for such omissions. You also agree that such failure amounts to Your affirmative waiver of Your right to review the amended terms of the Agreement. We are in no way responsible for Your neglect of Your legal rights.
Acceptance and Affirmation:
You must agree to all of the terms in this Agreement before using any of Our Website(s) or Our services.
Your affirmative acceptance of all the terms in this Agreement is, and will be, demonstrated by You when:
You click any link, button, or other device, provided to You in any part of Our Website(s)’ interface. Upon the performance of any of these actions, You have legally agreed to all of these T&C’s; or
By accessing or using any of Our Services in any manner.
You understand, and agree, that We will consider any use of Our Website(s) and/or Services, as Your affirmation of Your complete and unconditional acceptance of all of the terms in this Agreement.
Special Considerations Regarding Minors:
Age of Majority – In order to use Our Website(s) or any of the Services provided by Us, You must have attained the age of majority in Your jurisdiction. You represent and warrant that You are at least eighteen (18) or twenty-one (21) years of age, depending on the age of majority in Your jurisdiction, and that You have the legal capacity to enter into this Agreement.
Age Verification – You were asked to verify that You are at least eighteen (18) or twenty-one (21) years of age, on the homepage of Our Website(s), as a condition of entry onto certain areas of the Website(s) containing adult content pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1746. Accordingly, if You provided incorrect information on the homepage, You committed an act of perjury, this perjury was recorded, and this perjury may (and will) be used against You in any court proceeding or other tribunal of any kind.
We specifically disclaim any responsibility or liability for any misrepresentations regarding a User’s age.
You represent and warrant that You will not allow any minor access to Our Website(s).
Images and Content:
Our Website(s) contain(s) viewable and downloadable, images and content; including but not limited to: text, software, images, graphics, data, messages, and other information (collectively, “Materials” or “Content”).
You acknowledge and stipulate that all of the Materials are expressive content that is fully protected by the First Amendment to the United States Constitution.
Materials contain graphic visual depictions of sexual activity and nudity.
Restrictions on Use of Websites:
Without Our express prior written authorization, You may not:
Duplicate any part of the Websites or the materials contained therein (except as expressly provided elsewhere in this Agreement);
Redistribute or create any derivative works based on the Websites or any of the materials contained therein. You agree that any such use is NOT “fair use”;
Use the Website(s) or any of the Materials contained therein for any public display, public performance, sale or rental, and You hereby agree and stipulate that any and all such uses are NOT “fair use”;
Share the Materials, post them to tube sites, share them on one-click hosting sites or file locker sites or share them by using bit torrent protocol or any other similar technology;
Remove any copyright or other proprietary notices from the Websites or any of the Materials contained therein;
Circumvent any encryption or other security tools used anywhere on the Websites (including the theft of user names and passwords or using another person’s user name and password in order to gain access to a restricted area of the Websites). If We detect that an account/Member has breached this provision of the Agreement, We reserve the right to immediately terminate the account and bar the Member from accessing Our services. In addition, we will bring a lawsuit against you for any unauthorized access.
Additionally – Use of Our Websites is strictly prohibited for any use other than for personal, non-commercial use. This prohibition includes, but is not limited to, the following:
Competitors are not authorized to access or use Badpuppy’s Websites without express, written permission from Badpuppy in advance of such access. Such permission will be liberally granted. We don’t mind if you look around, but please let us know first.
Members of the law enforcement community, their agents and employees, are not authorized to access or use Badpuppy’s Websites. Badpuppy contains images of willing adults doing adult things, and our website is restricted to those that want to view these adults. If you want to check out Badpuppy, contact us through our support and we will gladly show you around, but you are not permitted to access our sites until our attorney speaks to you in person.
Employees of the United States government, their agents, and their contractors are not authorized to access or use the Company’s Websites. Badpuppy contains images of willing adults doing adult things, and our website is restricted to those that want to view these adults. If you want to check out Badpuppy, contact us through our support and we will gladly show you around, but you are not permitted to access our sites until our attorney speaks to you in person.
No employee of the United States Department of Homeland Security may be members.
Services and Membership:
General Services – Our Websites provide You with the ability to view and download videos, images and content available on Our Websites. The images and content are adult in nature (PLEASE REFER TO “SECTION 4” OF THIS AGREEMENT, TITLED: “IMAGES AND CONTENT,” FOR A DETAILED DESCRIPTION OF THE ADULT ORIENTED MATERIAL FOUND ON OUR WEBSITES).
Membership – Members will receive benefits and services as described on the enrollment page at the time of registration. The terms and conditions of a User’s enrollment into Membership are incorporated by reference into this Agreement. All Memberships renew at their posted rates until cancelled. You can cancel at any time and prevent future billing by going to the Websites’ support page.
Download Limits – The daily download limit is 12GB. 12GB of data averages out to about 13 hours of high resolution HD video. In the event the daily download limit is exceeded, you can still stream videos and browse image galleries without limitation. The download limit counter resets every 24 hours based on the last time you exceeded the daily limitation. Download limits help us fight against automated, hi-speed download software and bots. Download limits ensure the download and streaming speed is reasonable for all members. Download limits should not affect regular users of our website. At average speed of 512kbps it takes approximately 24 hours to download 12GB of data; which is why we opted for the 12GB download limit.
Termination:
Voluntary – Closing your account voluntarily is accomplished by following the cancellation instructions on the support page
Involuntary – Without limiting other remedies, We may immediately issue a warning, temporarily suspend, indefinitely suspend, or terminate Your access and use of Our Websites and refuse to provide Our services to You at any time, with or without advance notice, if:
We believe that You have breached any material term of these Terms and Conditions or the documents it incorporates by reference;
We are unable to verify or authenticate any information You provide to Us;
We believe that Your actions may cause legal liability for You, Our users, or Us; or
We decide to cease operations or to otherwise discontinue any services or options provided by the Website(s) or parts thereof.
Further, You agree that neither Badpuppy, Our Websites, nor any third party acting on Our behalf shall be liable to You for any termination of Your membership or access to Our Websites.
You agree that if Your account is terminated by Us, You will not attempt to re-register as a Member of the Websites without prior written consent from Us.
Cancellation of Your account or other business relationships with Us shall not be deemed to terminate Our relationship with You with respect to the provision of unsolicited commercial e-mail. This business relationship is specifically deemed to continue indefinitely until explicitly terminated by You, by opting out.
You agree to take all possible measures to keep your username and password secure.
You agree that if your password security is breached, you are solely responsible for any damage or liability occurring by this breach
You are on notice that you are responsible for safeguarding your account information. You agree that, even if you can prove hacking by clear and convincing evidence, you are still liable for any 3rd party use of your username and password.
You specifically agree that if your account is used to download any of Our content and that content is later found on a one-click hosting site, a file locker site, a torrent site, a tube site, or any other site, service or server or any other medium used for sharing content, that You will pay liquidated damages of $25,000 to Us. However, if it can be shown that your account was compromised because of a security breach at Badpuppy, and not a result of your negligence or intentional sharing of your account, then you will not be responsible for these liquidated damages.
Disclaimer and Indemnification:
If We determine that You or any User has used Our Services in violation of any law, Your ability to use the Website(s) may be terminated immediately and We have every right to voluntarily cooperate with law enforcement or private aggrieved parties that We may be legally compelled to do so. We hereby disclaim any liability for damages that may arise from any User providing any services for any purpose that violates any law. You do hereby agree to defend, indemnify and hold Us harmless from any liability that may arise for Us should You violate any law.
You also agree to defend and indemnify Us should any third party be harmed by Your actions or should We be obligated to defend any claims including, without limitation, any criminal or civil action brought by any party.
Our Website(s) contain material that may be offensive to third parties. You agree to indemnify and hold Us harmless from any liability that may arise from someone viewing such material and You agree to cease review of the Website(s)/Services should You find it offensive.
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Badpuppy, Our officers, directors, shareholders, employees, independent contractors, telecommunication providers, and agents, from and against any and all claims, actions, loss, liabilities, expenses, costs, or demands, including without limitation legal and accounting fees, for all damages directly, indirectly, and/or consequentially resulting or allegedly resulting from Your (or You under another person’s authority – including without limitation to governmental agencies) use, misuse, or inability to use the Website(s) or any of the Materials contained therein, or Your breach of any part of this Agreement. We shall promptly notify You by electronic mail of any such claim or suit, and cooperate fully (at Your expense) in the defense of such claim or suit. We reserve the right to participate in the defense of such claim or defense at Our own expense, and choose Our own legal counsel; however, We are not obligated to do so.
Intellectual Property Information:
Badpuppy, Badpuppy Enterprises, the Badpuppy logo and the names of the Websites in Our Network are Our Service Marks and/or Trademarks. You may not register, use, or traffic in any domain name that is confusingly similar to Our registered or common law trademarks.
Other companies’ product and service names referenced on Our Websites may be trademarks and service marks of their respective companies and are the exclusive property of such respective owners, and may not be used publicly without the express written consent of the owners and/or holders of such trademarks and service marks.
Copyright – This Website belongs to Us, and We either own or have rights to display all of the materials thereupon. You may not use any of Our Content or Materials, without Our express written consent.
You agree that You will only use our Materials for your own personal use. You may display them on one computer or mobile device. However, you may never email them to another person, share them on any remote server of any kind, or place them on file locker site, a torrent site, a tube site, or any other site, service, or server of any other medium used for sharing content.
Limitation of Liability:
In no event, shall We (or Our licensors, agents, suppliers, resellers, service providers, or any other subscribers or suppliers) be liable to You, or any other third party for any direct, special, indirect, incidental, consequential, exemplary, or punitive damages, including without limitation, damages for loss of profits, loss of information, business interruption, revenue, or goodwill, which may arise from any person’s use, misuse, or inability to use the Website(s) or any of the Materials contained therein, even if We have been advised of the probability of such damages. This is for any matter arising out of or relating to this Agreement, whether such liability is asserted on the basis of contract, tort or otherwise, even if We have been advised of the possibility of such damages.
In no event shall Our maximum total aggregate liability hereunder for direct damages exceed the total fees, actually paid by You, for use of one of Our Websites for a period of no more than one (1) month from the accrual of the applicable cause or causes of action. Because some jurisdictions prohibit the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, the above limitation may not apply to You.
Complaint Policy:
You agree that if You have any complaint about any content on Our Website(s), including (but not limited to) a complaint or claim of defamation (libel or slander), invasion of privacy, false light, trademark infringement, right of publicity claims, or any related or similar tort, that You will provide notice to Us by certified mail or fax to: Badpuppy Enterprises, Attn: Legal Department, 5505 N. Atlantic Ave, Suite 204, Cocoa Beach, Florida 32931; [mailto:support@badpuppy.com]
You agree that We shall have twenty (20) business days after RECEIPT of said notice to evaluate Your concern(s).
After evaluating Your concern(s), We will either inform You that We do not believe Your concern is valid, or We will request Your preference regarding an opportunity to cure Your concern(s). This cure may include one of the following:
We may offer to delete the offending material.
We may offer to modify the offending material.
We will engage You and seek any other alternative resolution that will mitigate Your damaged legal interests – whether or not We are legally required to do so.
You acknowledge and agree that upon transmission of Your complaint to us, You will be considered to have engaged in settlement discussions with Us, and neither party will initiate formal legal action while non-adversarial resolution is in progress. You agree that You will not file suit unless and until We issue a statement to You that We have taken Our final action, and that no further action will be taken without adversarial proceedings. At that point, You may proceed with arbitration as provided for under this Agreement.
You acknowledge that once You accept any of Our offers of non-adversarial resolution, that You irrevocably waive any and all possible claims for any allegedly offending material on Our Websites and that if You do bring any action against Us that You hereby stipulate that You will bear Your own costs and fees incurred in the action, regardless of the outcome of that action, and that You stipulate that Your damages will be limited to $1, and no more, and that You hereby acknowledge that such amount of $1 is sufficient and adequate.
You understand that no part of this Agreement obligates Us to go beyond that required by law, and this Agreement is in place for Your convenience. If We believe that Your requests are unreasonable, We reserve every right to terminate discussions with or file suit against You to recover any legal fees incurred due to harassing or unreasonable requests.
General Provisions:
The following Governing Law Provisions shall apply:
Governing Law – This Agreement and all matters arising out of, or otherwise relating to, this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Florida, excluding its conflict of law provisions. The sum of this paragraph is that any and all disputes between the Parties must be, without exception, brought to court and litigated in Brevard County, Florida.
All parties to this Agreement agree that all actions or proceedings arising in connection with this Agreement or any services or business interactions between the parties that may be subject to this Agreement shall be tried and/or litigated exclusively in the state and federal courts located in Brevard County, Florida.
The parties agree to exclusive jurisdiction in, and only in, Brevard County, Florida.
The parties agree to exclusive venue in, and only in, Brevard County, Florida.
The parties additionally agree that this choice of venue and forum is mandatory and not permissive in nature, thereby precluding any possibility of litigation between the parties with respect to, or arising out of, this Agreement in a jurisdiction other than that specified in this paragraph.
All parties hereby waive any right to assert the doctrine of forum non-conveniens or similar doctrines, or to object to venue with respect to any proceeding brought in accordance with this paragraph or with respect to any dispute under this Agreement whatsoever.
All parties stipulate that the state and federal courts located in Worth County, Iowa shall have personal jurisdiction over them for the purpose of litigating any dispute, controversy, or proceeding arising out of (or related to) this Agreement and/or the relationship between the parties contemplated thereby.
Each party hereby authorizes and accepts services of process sufficient for personal jurisdiction in any action against it, as contemplated by this paragraph by registered or certified mail, Federal Express, proof of delivery or return receipt requested, to the parties address for the giving of notices as set forth in this Agreement.
Any final judgment rendered against a party in any action or proceeding shall be conclusive as to the subject of such final judgment and may be enforced in other jurisdictions in any manner provided by law if such enforcement becomes necessary.
Assignment – The rights and liabilities of the parties hereto will bind and inure to the benefit of their respective assignees, successors, executors, and administrators, as the case may be
Severability – If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction or an arbitrator finds any provision of this Agreement, or any portion thereof, to be unenforceable, that provision will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible and the remainder of this Agreement will continue in full force and effect.
Attorneys’ Fees – In the event any Party shall commence any claims, actions, formal legal action, or arbitration to interpret and/or enforce any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, or relating in any way to this Agreement, including without limitation asserted breaches of representations and warranties, all parties shall bear their own costs and fees.
No Waiver – No waiver or action made by Us shall be deemed a waiver of any subsequent default of the same provision of this Agreement. If any term, clause or provision hereof is held invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, such invalidity shall not affect the validity or operation of any other term, clause or provision and such invalid term, clause or provision shall be deemed to be severed from this Agreement.
Headings – All headings are solely for the convenience of reference and shall not affect the meaning, construction or effect of this Agreement.
Complete Agreement – This Agreement constitutes the entire Agreement between the parties with respect to Your access and use of the Websites and the Materials contained therein, and Your Membership with the Websites, and supersedes and replaces all prior understandings or agreements, written or oral, regarding such subject matter.
Other Jurisdictions – We make no representation that Our Websites or any of the Materials contained therein are appropriate or available for use in other locations, and access to them from territories where their content may be illegal or is otherwise prohibited. Those who choose to access Our Websites from such locations do so at their own initiative and are solely responsible for determining compliance with all applicable local laws.
Service – In order to relieve themselves of the cost, hassle, and inconvenience of traditional service of process, the parties hereby stipulate that either party may serve the other with a complaint and summons by mail, Fed-ex, UPS, or by email. The parties both hereby waive their right to traditional process-server delivered complaints and summons. With respect to e-mail service: both parties agree that email shall be sufficient service of process if the e-mail is sent to the e-mail address on record provided by You when initiating Your membership. Personal, physical, or mail service is not required. This stipulation to receive e-mail service extends to any disputes between the parties, whether they are relevant to this Agreement or not.
Stipulated liquidated damages:
In various provisions in this Agreement, We have outlined liquidated damages amounts to be applied as penalties against You if You violate these specific provisions. You specifically agree to pay these amounts. In agreeing to pay liquidated damages, You acknowledge that this amount is not a penalty and that the actual damages are uncertain and difficult to ascertain, but that this amount represents the parties’ good faith attempt to calculate an appropriate compensation based on anticipated actual damages.
For any breach of a portion of this Agreement that does not specifically state a liquidated damages amount, You hereby agree that any breach of this Agreement shall result in liquidated damages of $5,000.00 per occurrence. You specifically agree to pay this $5,000.00 in liquidated damages.
For any breach of this Agreement resulting in liquidated damages owed by You, You specifically agree and We expressly reserve the right to assign Our rights to these liquidated damages to a third party.
If We are required to enlist the assistance of an Attorney or other person to collect any liquidated damages or any other amount of money from You, or if We are required to seek the assistance of an Attorney to pursue injunctive relief against You, then You additionally agree that You will reimburse Us for all fees incurred in order to collect these liquidated damages or in order to seek injunctive relief from You. You understand that even a nominal amount of damages may require the expenditure of extensive legal fees, travel expenses, costs, and other amounts that may dwarf the liquidated damages themselves. You agree that You will pay all of these fees and costs.
DMCA DESIGNATED AGENT.
Pursuant to Title 17, United States Code, Section 512(c)(2), notifications of claimed copyright infringement should be sent to Badpuppy Enterprises’ Designated Agent. To be effective, the notification must be in writing and include the following information:
1. A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest;
2. A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site;
3. Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material;
4. Your address, telephone number, and, if available, your e-mail address;
5. A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
6. A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the information in your notification is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf.
Badpuppy Enterprises, Inc.’s Copyright Agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement on this site can be reached as follows.
By Mail:
Badpuppy Enterprises, Inc.
PO Box 939
Cape Canaveral, FL 32920
ATTN: Copyright Agent
By E-mail: dmca@badpuppy.com
This contact information is provided exclusively for notifying the Service that copyrighted material may have been infringed. Unrelated inquiries will NOT receive a response through this process. Contact information for other matters is provided elsewhere on this site.
These Terms of Use were last reviewed and updated May 20, 2018.
About the Author
Editor of Gay Today
Follow Us!
Most Popular Last 30 Days
The Tommy Kirk Story
Laurel and Hardy – 1932’s Favorite Male Couple
Pete Buttigieg could be named Secretary of Commerce or HUD in Biden administration
“I did not kill my parents”: Adult film star convicted of murdering parents loses latest appeal
Twitter trolls Rep. Matt Gaetz, who is “not gay,” on Father’s Day
Two men in Indonesia brace for public caning after getting caught having gay sex
A Cuban Loves Lucy
Rainbow-flag train with LGBTQ crew launched by major travel operator
Indiana asks Supreme Court to strip parental rights from gay couples & they may succeed
Gay Adult Performer Quin Quire: COVID is ‘Good to Kill Off the Weak from a Population’
Badpuppy NetworkAllGayLinx.comBadpuppy Erotic StoriesBadpuppy on YouTubeBadpuppy.comBadpuppy.TVBadpuppyLive.comBadpuppyVideo.comBoys Jerking TubeClubAmateurUSA.comGayToday.comLiveTwinksCam.comMyPornStore.comPuppy CashQPlanet.comSMAQ.comMojoHost
Recommended SitesBananaGuide.comBestOfGayMuscle.netBoysReview.comDiscountedGayPorn.comEdenGay.netGayDemon.comHonestPornReviews.comJustUsBoys.comLustyPuppy.comManSurfer.comMenOnTheNet.comPenisBot.comPornDiscountsRabbitsReviews.comRedixxMen.comReviewedPorn.comReviewPorn GayScallyGuy.netTheBestPorn.com Topix
Most Popular of All-Time
U.S. on guard for attacks ahead of bin Laden anniversary
North Carolina voters approve same-sex marriage ban
Garth Brooks inducted into Country Music Hall of Fame
Colorado massacre suspect appears in court looking dazed, sleepy
Obamas kick off campaigning with rallies in must-win states
Gay marriage moves closer to Supreme Court
Government on track with federal health exchanges: official
With Mubarak gone, Egyptians vote freely for leader
Anti-American fury sweeps Middle East over film
International health panel says treat all HIV infections
Archives Archives
Select Month
December 2020
November 2020
October 2020
September 2020
August 2020
July 2020
June 2020
May 2020
April 2020
March 2020
February 2020
January 2020
December 2019
November 2019
October 2019
September 2019
August 2019
July 2019
June 2019
May 2019
April 2019
March 2019
February 2019
January 2019
December 2018
November 2018
October 2018
September 2018
August 2018
July 2018
June 2018
May 2018
April 2018
March 2018
February 2018
January 2018
December 2017
November 2017
October 2017
September 2017
August 2017
July 2017
June 2017
May 2017
April 2017
March 2017
February 2017
January 2017
December 2016
November 2016
October 2016
September 2016
August 2016
July 2016
June 2016
May 2016
April 2016
March 2016
February 2016
January 2016
December 2015
November 2015
October 2015
September 2015
August 2015
July 2015
June 2015
May 2015
April 2015
March 2015
February 2015
January 2015
December 2014
November 2014
October 2014
September 2014
August 2014
July 2014
June 2014
March 2014
February 2014
January 2014
December 2013
November 2013
October 2013
September 2013
August 2013
July 2013
June 2013
May 2013
April 2013
March 2013
February 2013
January 2013
December 2012
November 2012
October 2012
September 2012
August 2012
July 2012
June 2012
May 2012
April 2012
March 2012
February 2012
January 2012
December 2011
November 2011
October 2011
September 2011
August 2011
July 2011
June 2011
May 2011
April 2011
March 2011
February 2011
January 2011
December 2010
November 2010
October 2010
September 2010
August 2010
July 2010
June 2010
May 2010
April 2010
March 2010
February 2010
January 2010
December 2009
November 2009
October 2009
September 2009
August 2009
July 2009
June 2009
January 2009
November 2000
October 2000
March 2000
January 2000
October 1999
July 1999
June 1999
May 1999
April 1998
March 1998
February 1998
January 1998
September 1997
Health & WellnessGive the gift of plasma this holiday season(BPT) - It’s no secret that the holidays look much different this year, but those changes may be even more noticeable for individuals who are at high-risk for COVID-19. No one knows this better than Dayna, a mother and caregiver to four children with a rare disease which has caused them to be immune compromised. […]There is No Time to Wait When Experiencing Symptoms of a Potentially Serious Condition(BPT) - Many people may think that swelling, pain, tenderness or redness in the leg, thigh or pelvis are seemingly minor symptoms, but they could point to a potentially serious condition such as deep vein thrombosis (DVT).1 It’s critical to not brush off these symptoms.More About DVTDVT is a blood clot in a deep vein, […]GayToday.com
About
Contact
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Service
www gaypornvidz
Extra Torrent
www.torrentsway.com
Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy
© Badpuppy Enterprises, Inc.
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
Accept
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Cookie Policy
Powered by Badpupppy GDPR plugin
Privacy Overview
Privacy Policy for Users of GayToday.com
Badpuppy Enterprises, Inc.
5505 N. Atlantic Ave. #204
Cocoa Beach, FL 32926
USA
Phone: 321.631.9500
Data Protection Officer: Jeff Goodrich, support@badpuppy.com
Last Updated: May 20, 2018
GDPR Notice
A strong relationship with our users is essential.
A critical part of these relationships is establishing trust and confidence, which is why the privacy and security of your data has always been our priority for over 23 years.
Over the last few months we have worked to get all of our web properties secured by HTTPS.
We have secured not just the Contact, Login and Registration forms; but, your entire surfing experience is safe.
With the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) set to take effect on May 25, 2018 we are in the process of deploying updates allowing us to comply with new regulations and ensure people can continue using BEI (Badpuppy Enterprises, Inc.) properties with confidence.
Although GDPR applies only to data collected from persons located in the European Union (EU), our goal is to continuously implement network-wide improvements and new functionalities for all BEI users.
If you notice an area of our site where you feel we can do a little better, please don't hesitate to contact us.
Overview
Your privacy is very important to us. We do not sell or rent your personal information to third parties for any reason without your explicit consent.
Please read this privacy policy to learn about the ways in which we use and protect your personal information. The privacy practices of this statement
apply to our services available under the domain and subdomains of www.Badpuppy.com (the "Site"). By visiting this website you agree to be bound by the
terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree, do not use or access our Site.
Children (persons under the age of 18, and in some cases 21, where applicable) are not eligible to use our Site and we require that children do not
submit any personal information to us.
Information We May Collect and How We Collect It:
Our primary goal in collecting personal information is to provide you with a smooth, efficient, and customized experience. This allows us to provide services and features that most likely meet your needs, and to customize our service to make your experience easier. We only collect personal information about you that we consider necessary to achieve that purpose.
We do not now, nor have we ever, used any form of tracking for purposes of delivering advertising to our users.
We may collect several types of information from and about users of our Site, including information:
by which you may be personally identified, such as first and last name, mailing address, email address, billing information, IP or “Internet Protocol” addresses, demographics, passwords or other online contact information, telephone number, any other information the Site collects that is defined as personal or personally identifiable information under applicable law or other identifier by which you may be contacted online or offline (“personal information”);
that is about you but individually does not identify you; or
about your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Site, usage details (such as the web pages you visit, links on which you click, and the searches you conduct on our Site), your browser type and language, access times, and the content of any undeleted cookies that your browser previously accepted from us.
Information may be collected:
directly from you when you provide it to us,
if other users or third parties send us correspondence about your activities or
postings on the Site,
automatically, as you navigate through the site. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses and information collected through cookies, web beacons or other tracking technologies, or
from third parties, for example, other websites controlled by us or our affiliates, our business partners or other third parties.
Our Use of Your Information:
We use information in the file we maintain about you, and other information we obtain from your current and past activities on the website, to resolve disputes, and troubleshoot problems. At times, we may look across multiple users to identify problems or resolve disputes, and in particular we may examine your information to identify users using multiple User IDs or aliases.
In general, we use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
to enforce our Terms of Service;
to properly display our Site and its content to you;
to provide you with information, products or services that you request from us;
to notify you about changes to our Site or any products or services we offer or provide though it;
to manage your account and provide you with customer support;
to perform research and analysis about your use of, or interest in, our products, services, or content, or products, services or content offered by others;
to provide you with notices about your account or subscription, including expiration and renewal notices;
to track usage throughout various components of the Site (e.g., tracking where traffic comes from, how traffic flows within the Site, etc.);
to communicate with you about products or services that may be of interest to you either from us, our affiliates or other third parties;
to verify your eligibility and deliver prizes in connection with contests and sweepstakes;
to manage our business;
to monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, pages viewed, demographic patterns, etc.;
to allow you to participate in interactive features on our Site;
to determine whether users of the Site are unique, or whether the same user is using the Site on multiple occasions;
to develop and display content and advertising tailored to your interests on our Site and other sites;
in any other way we may describe when you provide the information;
diagnose or fix technology problems; or
for any other purpose with your consent.
Our Disclosure of Your Information:
Due to the existing regulatory environment, we cannot ensure that all of your communications and other personally identifiable information will never
be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. By way of example (without limiting the foregoing), we may be forced to disclose
information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances, third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private
communications, or users may abuse or misuse your information that they collect from our Site. Therefore, although we use industry standard practices
to protect your privacy, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personally identifiable information or private communications will
always remain private.
We do not share your personal information with others except as indicated below or when we inform you and give you an opportunity to opt out of having your personal information shared:
To our authorized service providers that perform certain services on our behalf. These services may include fulfilling orders, processing credit card payments, risk and fraud detection and mitigation, providing customer service and marketing assistance, performing business and sales analysis, supporting our Site functionality, and supporting contests, sweepstakes, surveys and other features offered through our Site. These service providers may have access to personal information needed to perform their functions but are not permitted to share or use such information for any other purposes.
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us about our Site users is among the assets transferred.
To third parties to market their products or services to you if you have consented to these disclosures.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
With your consent.
Control of Your Password:
You are responsible for all actions taken with your User ID and password. Therefore, we do not recommend that you disclose your Badpuppy.com password to
any third parties. If you choose to share your User ID and password or your information with third parties, you are still responsible for all actions
taken with your User ID and password. If you lose control of your password, you may lose substantial control over your personally identifiable
information. Therefore, if your password has been compromised for any reason, you should immediately change your password,
Reviewing and Changing Your Personally Identifiable Information:
Following registration, you can review and change the information you submitted during registration by contacting support@badpuppy.com.
Once posted, you cannot change or remove any public postings made in the feedback areas.
Deactivation & Deletion of Information:
Upon your request, we will deactivate your account and contact information from our active databases. To make this request, email support@Badpuppy.com.
Such information will be deactivated as soon as reasonably possible in accordance with our deactivation policy and applicable law.
How Long Do We Store Your Data:
Non-public data related to your account and any financial transactions are kept indefinitely.
User generated data is maintained until removal is requested by the user.
Our use of Cookies and other Tracking Technologies:
Some content or applications on the Site require the use of Cookies for purposes of delivering and formatting content on your screen.
Please see our Cookie Policy for further information.
Third-Party use of Cookies and other Tracking Technologies:
Some content or applications, including advertisements, on the Site are served by third parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers and application providers. These third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use our Site. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.
We do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly.
Security - How We Protect Your Data:
Badpuppy.com uses industry standard practices to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal identifiable information. Badpuppy.com treats data as
an asset that must be safeguarded against loss and unauthorized access. We employ several different security techniques to protect such data from
unauthorized access by users inside and outside the company. However, "perfect security" does not exist on the Internet.
We take appropriate security measures (including physical, electronic and procedural measures) to help safeguard your personal information from unauthorized access and disclosure. For example, only authorized employees are permitted to access personal information, and they may do so only for permitted business functions. In addition, we use encryption in the transmission of your sensitive personal information between your system and ours, and we use firewalls to help prevent unauthorized persons from gaining access to your personal information.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone. We urge you to be careful about giving out information in public areas of the Site like message boards. The information you share in public areas may be viewed by any user of the Site.
Data Breach:
In the event of a Data Breach all parties will be notified within 72 hours of discovery, where feasible.
Notification may be sent via email, text message, physical mail or any other means of expeditious contact.
User Contributions:
We may provide areas on the website where you can post information about yourself and others and communicate with others, upload content (e.g., text, pictures, videos, audio files, etc.), and post comments or reviews of content found on the website. Such postings are governed by our Terms of Services located at https://GayToday.com/index.php/terms-of-service. If you use a forum, blog, bulletin board, channel, chat room, user commenting features, or other interactive sharing or social features that may be offered through our Site, you should be aware that any personal information you submit, display, or publish there is considered publicly available and can be read, collected, used, and disclosed by other users of those features, by us, and other third parties without restriction, except to the extent limited access features are available, if any. In addition, such postings may appear on other websites or when searches are executed on the subject of your posting. If you post your email address, you may receive unsolicited messages. We cannot control who reads your posting or what other users may do with the information you voluntarily post, so we encourage you to exercise discretion and caution with respect to your personal information. Once you have posted information, you may not be able to edit or delete such information. To request removal of your personal information from our blog, sharing service or community forum, for example, send us an e-mail at support@badpuppy.com. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
Notice:
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time based on your comments and our need to accurately reflect our data collection and disclosure
practices. All changes to this policy are effective after we post the changes on our Site.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
disable
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy for Users of GayToday.com
Badpuppy Enterprises, Inc.
5505 N. Atlantic Ave. #204
Cocoa Beach, FL 32926
USA
Phone: 321.631.9500
Data Protection Officer: Jeff Goodrich, support@badpuppy.com
Last Updated: May 20, 2018
GDPR Notice
A strong relationship with our users is essential.
A critical part of these relationships is establishing trust and confidence, which is why the privacy and security of your data has always been our priority for over 23 years.
Over the last few months we have worked to get all of our web properties secured by HTTPS.
We have secured not just the Contact, Login and Registration forms; but, your entire surfing experience is safe.
With the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) set to take effect on May 25, 2018 we are in the process of deploying updates allowing us to comply with new regulations and ensure people can continue using BEI (Badpuppy Enterprises, Inc.) properties with confidence.
Although GDPR applies only to data collected from persons located in the European Union (EU), our goal is to continuously implement network-wide improvements and new functionalities for all BEI users.
If you notice an area of our site where you feel we can do a little better, please don't hesitate to contact us.
Our Cookies Policy explains what cookies are, how we use them, how third parties we may partner with may use them on the Site, your choices regarding cookies and further information about cookies.
What are Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of text sent by your web browser by a website you visit. A cookie file is stored in your web browser and allows the Site or a third-party to recognize you and make your next visit easier and the Site more useful to you.
Cookies can be either "persistent" or "session" and are broken down into four (4) categories: Necessary, Preferences, Statistics and Marketing.
How we use Cookies
When you use and access the Site, we may place a number of cookies files in your browser. We use cookies to enable certain functions of the Site, to provide analytics and to store your preferences.
Necessary cookies:
We use Necessary cookies to authenticate users and prevent fraudulent use of user accounts.
Preferences cookies:
We use Preferences cookies to format the visual presentation of the Site.
Statistics cookies:
We do not us Statistics cookies but our third-party Analytics provider does.
Marketing cookies:
We do not use Marketing cookies.
Third-Party Cookies
In addition to our own cookies, we may also use various third-party cookies to report usage statistics of the Service and enhance the over-all user experience.
Your choices regarding Cookies
If you would
like to delete cookies or instruct your web browser to delete or refuse cookies, please visit the help pages of your
browser.
Please note that if you delete cookies or refuse to accept them, you might not be able to use all of the features we offer, you may not be able to store your preferences, and some of our pages might not display properly.
More information about Cookies
Learn more about cookies, including how to delete them, by visiting AllAboutCookies located at http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
For additional details about cookies, privacy and data we collect please review our Privacy Policy located at https://GayToday.com/index.php/privacy-policy.
Enable All
Save Changes