https://help.metart.network/policies-rules/terms-conditions
Please read our terms and conditions carefully, you are bound by them.By visiting this website or by purchasing or using any products, services, or other aspect of this website (which together are referred to as the “Services”), you are agreeing to be bound by all provisions stated in these terms and conditions (these “Terms and Conditions”) and all provisions stated in this website’s Privacy Policy. By purchasing or using the Services, you are entering into a binding agreement between you and SARJ, LLC. SARJ, LLC is referred to in these Terms and Conditions as “Company,” “we,” or “us.” If you do not agree to these Terms and Conditions, then do not use this website and please exit immediately.We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to modify or revise these Terms and Conditions. You agree to be bound by any such modifications or revisions. You should periodically review the most up-to-date version of these Terms and Conditions on our website. Any modified or revised terms will apply to any purchase made after such modifications or revisions are posted on this website. Additional terms and conditions may apply to the purchase of the Services, such as billing and refund policies. By using this website, you agree to be bound by such terms and conditions.BY USING THIS WEBSITE, YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU ARE AT LEAST EIGHTEEN YEARS OF AGE. 1) Copyright and OwnershipAll of the content featured or displayed on this website, including without limitation text, graphics, photographs, images, moving images, sound, and illustrations ("Content"), is owned by Company, its licensors, vendors, agents and/or its Content providers. All elements of this website, including without limitation the general design and the Content, are protected by trade dress, copyright, moral rights, trademark and other laws relating to intellectual property rights. The Services and this website may only be used for the intended purpose for which this website and the Services are being made available. Except as may be otherwise indicated in specific documents within this website, you are authorized to view, play, print and download Content for personal, informational, and non-commercial purposes only. You may not modify any of the Content and you may not copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer or sell any Content, information or work contained on this website. Except as authorized under the copyright laws, you are responsible for obtaining permission before reusing any copyrighted material that is available on this website. For purposes of these Terms and Conditions, the use of any such material on any other website or networked computer environment is prohibited. You shall comply with all applicable domestic and international laws, statutes, ordinances, and regulations regarding your use of this website and the Services. This website, its Content and all related rights shall remain the exclusive property of Company or its licensors unless otherwise expressly agreed. You will not remove any copyright, trademark or other proprietary notices from material found on this website. Company may change or remove Content from time-to-time. Content that you have previously downloaded, tagged as a "favorite," or included in a "gallery" may be removed from this website at any time without notice to you, including upon termination of this Agreement or suspension of your account. 2) TrademarksAll trademarks, service marks and trade names of Company used herein (including but not limited to: the Company name, the Company corporate logo, this website name, this website design, and any logos) (collectively "Marks") are trademarks or registered trademarks of Company or its affiliates, partners, vendors or licensors. You may not use, copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit, distribute, or modify Company trademarks in any way, including in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of materials on this website, without Company's prior written consent. The use of Company trademarks on any other website or network computer environment is not allowed. Company prohibits the use of Company trademarks as a "hot" link on or to any other website unless establishment of such a link is approved in advance.3) Unsolicited Submissions PolicyExcept where we specifically request comments or submissions, we do not accept or consider creative ideas, suggestions, or materials other than those we have specifically requested. This policy is designed to avoid misunderstandings if projects developed by our professional staff seem to others to be similar to their own creative work. Accordingly, we request that you not submit any creative ideas, suggestions, or materials except where specifically requested or solicited. If you do send us an unsolicited submission, you agree not to assert any ownership right of any kind in the unsolicited submission against Company (including, but not limited to copyright, trademark, unfair competition, moral rights, or implied contract), you hereby grant Company a non-exclusive, perpetual, worldwide license and right (including any moral rights) to the unsolicited submission in every media and for every purpose now known or hereinafter discovered and you waive the right to receive any financial or other consideration in connection with such unsolicited submission including, but not limited to, credit. You release Company (and our managers, officers, owners, members, agents, subsidiaries, joint ventures, employees, and other related entities) from claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, arising out of or in any way connected with your unsolicited submissions, including without limitation all claims for theft of ideas or copyright infringement.4) Solicited Submission PolicyWhere we have specifically invited or requested submissions, we encourage members and/or guests to submit user published content or user content (e.g. postings to chat rooms, webcam chats, forums, participation in communities, commenting on blogs, model submissions, photographer submissions, video rankings, reviews, etc.) to us that they have created for consideration in connection with this website and any related wireless and online broadcasts ("User Submissions"). User Submissions remain your intellectual property, and subject to Section 19(ii), you must have obtained all necessary consents, and possess all copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret, and any other proprietary rights, or the necessary licenses thereto, to grant the following license. By posting User Submissions on our website, you expressly grant Company a non-exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, fully paid-up worldwide, fully sub-licensable right (including any moral rights) to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, transmit, perform and display such content and your name, voice, and/or likeness as contained in your User Submission, in whole or in part, and in any form throughout the world in any media or technology, whether now known or hereafter discovered, including all promotion, advertising, marketing, merchandising, publicity and any other ancillary uses thereof, and including the unfettered right to sublicense such rights, in perpetuity throughout the universe. You forever release Company and its managers, officers, owners, members, agents, subsidiaries, joint ventures, employees, other related entities and advertisers from any and all claims associated with using the User Submission and any associated identifying characteristics, including without limitation claims arising from rights of publicity, rights of privacy, any moral rights, infliction of emotional distress, trespass, trademark copyright, patent, trade secret, obscenity or defamation. All User Submissions are deemed non-confidential and Company shall be under no obligation to maintain the confidentiality of any information, in whatever form, contained in any User Submission.5) Inappropriate User SubmissionsWe do not encourage, and do not seek, User Submissions that result from any activity that: (i) may create a risk of harm, loss, physical or mental injury, emotional distress, death, disability, disfigurement, or physical or mental illness to you, to any other person, or to any animal; (ii) may create a risk of any other loss or damage to any person or property; or (iii) may constitute a crime or tort. You agree that you have not and will not engage in any of the foregoing activities in connection with producing your submission. Without limiting the foregoing, you agree that in conjunction with your submission, you will not inflict emotional distress on other people, will not humiliate other people (publicly or otherwise), will not assault or threaten other people, will not enter onto private property without permission, and will not otherwise engage in any activity that may result in injury, death, property damage, and/or liability of any kind. Company will reject any submissions in which Company believes, in its sole discretion, that any such activities have occurred. If notified by a user of a submission that allegedly violates any provision of these Terms and Conditions, Company reserves the right to determine, in its sole discretion, if such a violation has occurred, and to remove any such submission from this website.6) Advertising RightsWe reserve the right to sell, license and/or display any advertising, attribution, links, promotional and/or distribution rights in connection with this website or your User Submissions, and Company and its licensors or affiliates will be entitled to retain any and all revenue generated from any sales or licenses of such advertising, attribution, links, or promotional or distribution rights. Nothing in these additional terms obligates or may be deemed to obligate Company to sell, license or offer to sell or license any advertising, promotion or distribution rights.7) Subscriptions and OrdersDetails of the subscription levels and the Services available for purchase are set out on this website. All prices are displayed inclusive of all taxes. All features, content, specifications, subscription levels, the Services, and prices described or depicted on this website are subject to change at any time without notice. The inclusion of any products or the Services on this website at a particular time does not imply or warrant that these products or the Services will be available at any time. By placing an order, you represent that the Services will be used only in a lawful manner. If you choose a recurring subscription option, you acknowledge that your subscription will renew automatically at the end of your subscription period until you request a cancellation and you authorize us (or our service provider) to charge your chosen payment method to pay the recurring fees for the subscription. Payment processing is managed by a third party vendor. When you purchase a subscription or any of the Services, you will leave this website and you may be subject to additional terms and conditions.8) Refund PolicyYou may request a one-time refund for the Services purchased for this website in the event that you are not satisfied or for any reason within 90 days. The Services, subscription, and access to this website will be terminated upon such refund. You may not create multiple accounts and request multiple refunds. Certain jurisdictions may provide additional statutory rights. Nothing herein is meant to limit your return or cancellation rights under local law. To request a refund, please contact support@metart.com.9) Accuracy of InformationWe attempt to ensure that information on this website is complete, accurate and current. Despite our efforts, the information on this website may occasionally be inaccurate, incomplete or out of date. We make no representation as to the completeness, accuracy or currency of any information on this website. In addition, we may make changes in information about price and availability without notice. While it is our practice to confirm subscriptions by email, the receipt of an email confirmation does not constitute our acceptance of a subscription order or our confirmation of an offer to sell a subscription. We reserve the right, without prior notice, to limit the order quantity on any service or subscription level and/or to refuse the Services to any customer. We also may require verification of information prior to the acceptance of any order.10) Linking to this WebsiteCreating or maintaining any link from another website to any page on this website except through our Affiliate Program MetArt Money is prohibited. Running or displaying this website or any information or material displayed on this website in frames or through similar means on another website without our prior written permission is prohibited. Any permitted links to this website must comply will all applicable laws, rule, and regulations.11) Third-Party LinksFrom time to time, this website may contain links to websites that are not owned, operated or controlled by Company or its affiliates. For example, you will leave this website and enter a third-party payment processor website when you make a payment for the Services. All such links are provided solely as a convenience to you. If you use these links, you will leave this website. Neither we nor any of our respective affiliates are responsible for any content, materials or other information located on or accessible from any other website. Neither we nor any of our respective affiliates endorse, guarantee, or make any representations or warranties regarding any other websites, or any content, materials or other information located or accessible from any other websites, or the results that you may obtain from using any other websites. If you decide to access any other websites linked to or from this website, you do so entirely at your own risk.12) Conduct and Inappropriate MaterialYou acknowledge that this website may contain material that may be inappropriate for minors. You are prohibited from: (i) contacting any model, performer, photographer or other users by means external to this website; (ii) using this website to advertise, solicit, or promote any service or product; and (iii) posting or sending any unlawful, offensive, harmful, abusive, threatening, defamatory, libelous, obscene, pornographic (including any representation of minors engaged in intimate physical contact or sexual situations) or profane material or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense or give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any law. Such violations may subject you or your agents to civil and criminal penalties. You further understand and agree that sending unsolicited advertisements to any user of this website or this website or through voice computer systems is expressly prohibited by these Terms and Conditions. Any such unauthorized use of our computer systems is a violation of these Terms and Conditions and applicable "anti-spam" laws. In addition to any remedies that we may have at law or in equity, if we determine, in our sole discretion, that you have violated or are likely to violate the foregoing prohibitions, we may take any action we deem necessary to cure or prevent the violation, including without limitation, the immediate removal of the related materials from this website and/or suspension of your access to this website. We will fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order or subpoena requesting or directing us to disclose the identity of anyone posting such materials. If your account is terminated by Company for inappropriate behavior or breach of these Terms and Conditions, you may not create a new account without Company's prior written consent.13) Account Registration and SecurityYou understand that you may need to create an account to have access to all of the parts of this website. In consideration of your use of this website, you will: (a) provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by this website's registration form (such information being the "Registration Data") and (b) maintain and promptly update the Registration Data to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or Company has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, Company has the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of this website (or any portion thereof). You are entirely responsible for the security and confidentiality of your password and account. Furthermore, you are entirely responsible for any and all activities that occur under your account. You agree to immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your account or any other breach of security of which you become aware. You are responsible for taking precautions and providing security measures best suited for your situation and intended use of the Services and this website. We have the right to provide user billing, account, Content or use records, and related information under certain circumstances (such as in response to legal responsibility, lawful process, orders, subpoenas, or warrants, or to protect our rights, customers or business). Please note that anyone able to provide your personally identifiable information will be able to access your account so you should take reasonable steps to protect this information.14) User Published ContentUser published Content does not represent the views of Company or any individual associated with Company, and we do not control this Content. In no event shall you represent or suggest, directly or indirectly, Company's endorsement of user published Content. The company does not vouch for the accuracy or credibility of any user published Content on our website and does not take any responsibility or assume any liability for any actions you may take as a result of reading user published Content on our website. Through your use of this website and the Services, you may be exposed to Content that you may find offensive, objectionable, harmful, inaccurate or deceptive. There may also be risks of dealing with people acting under false pretense, international trade issues and foreign nationals. By using our website, you assume all associated risks.15) FeesFor all charges for any of the Services sold on this website, Company (or our service provider) will bill your credit card or alternative payment method offered by Company. In the event legal action is necessary to collect on balances due, you agree to reimburse Company for all expenses incurred to recover sums due, including attorneys' fees and other legal expenses. You are responsible for the purchase of, and payment of charges for, all Internet access services and telecommunications services needed for use of this website.16) Access and InterferenceWe make no promise that this website and the Services are appropriate or available for use in locations outside the United States ("Territory"), and accessing this website from territories where its contents are illegal or unlawful is prohibited. If you choose to access this website from locations outside the Territory, you do so at your own risk. It is your responsibility to ascertain and obey all applicable local, state, federal and international laws (including minimum age requirements) in regard to the use of this website or any of the Services. You agree that you will not use any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means to access this website for any purpose without our express written permission. If you attempt to access this website excessively with multiple login credentials, we may flag your use as a security risk and suspend access to this website. Additionally, you agree that you will not: (i) take any action that imposes, or may impose in our sole discretion an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure; (ii) interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of this website or any activities conducted on this website; (iii) bypass any measures we may use to prevent or restrict access to this website; or (iv) disrupt the interaction of other users of this website or the Services.17) Force MajeureNeither Company nor you shall be responsible for damages or for delays or failures in performance resulting from acts or occurrences beyond their reasonable control, including, without limitation: fire, lightning, explosion, power surge or failure, water, acts of God, war, revolution, civil commotion or acts of civil or military authorities or public enemies: any law, order, regulation, ordinance, or requirement of any government or legal body or any representative of any such government or legal body; or labor unrest, including without limitation, strikes, slowdowns, picketing, or boycotts; inability to secure raw materials, transportation facilities, fuel or energy shortages, or acts or omissions of other common carriers.18) Representations and WarrantiesYou shall be solely responsible for your own User Submissions and the consequences of posting or publishing them. In connection with this Agreement, you affirm, represent and warrant the following: (i) you are at least 18 years old and have the right and authority to enter into this Agreement, and are fully able and competent to satisfy the terms, conditions and obligations herein; (ii) you have obtained all consents, and possess all copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret and any other proprietary rights, or the necessary licenses thereto, to grant the licenses in Sections 3 and 4; (iii) if necessary you have the written consent of each and every identifiable natural person in a User Submission to use such persons name or likeness in the manner contemplated by this website and this Agreement, and each such person's has released you from any liability that may arise in relation to such use; (iv) you have read, understood, agree with, and will abide by the terms of this Agreement; (v) you are not, and have not been an agent of Company and were not and are not acting on behalf of, or as a representative of, Company or any other party in connection with any User Submission; (vi) any User Submission and Company use thereof as contemplated by this Agreement and this website will not infringe any rights of any third party, including but not limited to any intellectual property rights, privacy rights and rights of publicity; (vii) you are not, nor is any other person who appears in any of your User Submissions, a current member of the Screen Actors Guild (SAG), the American Federation of Television and Radio Actors (AFTRA) or any other rights society; (viii) you have not and will not engage in any of the following in connection with the production of, your appearance in, or contribution(s) to your User Submission: infliction of injury to any person or animal, humiliation of any person (whether public or private), infliction of emotional distress on any person, assault or battery of any person, damage to any property without permission, entry on any property without permission, or any other act or omission that could give rise to civil and/or criminal liability; (ix) your User Submission does not contain: (a) material falsehoods or misrepresentations that could harm Company or any third party; (b) content that is unlawful, obscene, defamatory, libelous, threatening, harassing or encourages conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or violate any law; (c) advertisements, promotions or solicitations of business; or (d) impersonations of third parties, other than those which are readily apparent.19) DISCLAIMERSYour use of this website is at your own risk. THE CONTENT, INFORMATION, MATERIALS AND THE SERVICES PROVIDED ON OR THROUGH THIS WEBSITE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, TITLE, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, SECURITY OR NON-INFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY. NEITHER COMPANY, NOR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES OR RELATED ENTITIES WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE CONTENT, INFORMATION, MATERIALS OR SERVICES PROVIDED ON OR THROUGH THIS WEBSITE. THE CONTENT, INFORMATION, MATERIALS AND SERVICES PROVIDED ON OR THROUGH THIS WEBSITE MAY BE OUT OF DATE, AND NEITHER COMPANY, NOR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES OR RELATED ENTITIES MAKES ANY COMMITMENT OR ASSUMES ANY DUTY TO UPDATE SUCH CONTENT, INFORMATION, MATERIALS OR THE SERVICES. THE FOREGOING EXCLUSIONS OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES DO NOT APPLY TO THE EXTENT PROHIBITED BY LAW. PLEASE REFER TO YOUR LOCAL LAWS FOR ANY SUCH PROHIBITIONS.TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, WE HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE CONTENT AND THE SERVICES. THE FOREGOING EXCLUSIONS OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES DO NOT APPLY TO THE EXTENT PROHIBITED BY LAW. PLEASE REFER TO YOUR LOCAL LAWS FOR ANY SUCH PROHIBITIONS.NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED FROM COMPANY OR THROUGH THIS WEBSITE AND THE SERVICES WILL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY MADE HEREIN.20) LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITYCompany does not assume any responsibility, or will be liable, for any damages to, or any viruses that may infect your computer, device, telecommunication equipment, or other property caused by or arising from your access to, use of, or browsing this website, or your downloading of any Content, information or materials from this website. IN NO EVENT WILL COMPANY, OR ANY OF ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, SHAREHOLDERS, AFFILIATES, AGENTS, SUCCESSORS OR ASSIGNS, NOR ANY PARTY INVOLVED IN THE CREATION, PRODUCTION OR TRANSMISSION OF THIS WEBSITE, BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANYONE ELSE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THOSE RESULTING FROM LOST PROFITS, LOST DATA OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) ARISING OUT OF THE USE, INABILITY TO USE, OR THE RESULTS OF USE OF THIS WEBSITE, ANY WEBSITES LINKED TO THIS WEBSITE, OR THE CONTENT, MATERIALS, INFORMATION OR SERVICES CONTAINED ON ANY OR ALL SUCH WEBSITES, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY AND WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. YOU SPECIFICALLY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT COMPANY SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR USER SUBMISSIONS OR THE DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE, OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY, AND THAT THE RISK OF HARM OR DAMAGE FROM THE FOREGOING RESTS ENTIRELY WITH YOU. THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY DO NOT APPLY TO THE EXTENT PROHIBITED BY LAW. PLEASE REFER TO YOUR LOCAL LAWS FOR ANY SUCH PROHIBITIONS.IN THE EVENT OF ANY PROBLEM WITH THIS WEBSITE OR ANY CONTENT OR THE SERVICES, YOU AGREE THAT YOUR SOLE REMEDY IS TO CEASE USING THIS WEBSITE. IN THE EVENT OF ANY PROBLEM WITH THE SERVICES THAT YOU HAVE PURCHASED ON OR THROUGH THIS WEBSITE, YOU AGREE THAT YOUR SOLE REMEDY, IF ANY, IS TO SEEK A REFUND FOR SUCH SERVICES IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE REFUND POLICIES POSTED ON THIS WEBSITE. IN NO EVENT SHALL COMPANY'S TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES, AND CAUSES OF ACTION WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, NEGLIGENCE), OR OTHERWISE EXCEED THE GREATER OF (A) TWENTY FIVE DOLLARS (US $25.00) OR (B) THE VALUE OF YOUR PURCHASE ON THIS WEBSITE.21) IndemnityYou agree to defend, indemnify and hold Company and our managers, officers, owners, members, agents, subsidiaries, joint ventures, employees, and other related entities harmless from any and all liabilities, costs, and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, related to or in connection with (i) the use of this website or the Internet or your placement or transmission of any message or information on this website by you or your authorized users; (ii) your violation of any term of this Agreement, including without limitation, your breach of any of the representations and warranties above; (iii) your violation of any third party right, including without limitation any right of privacy, publicity rights or intellectual property rights; (iv) your violation of any law, rule or regulation of the United States or any other country; (v) any claim or damages that arise as a result of any User Submission that you provide to Company; or (vi) any other party's access and use of this website with your unique username, password or other appropriate security code.22) ReleaseIn the event that you have a dispute with one or more other users of this website, you release Company (and all of our managers, officers, owners, members, agents, subsidiaries, joint ventures, employees, and other related entities) from claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes.23) TerminationYou or we may suspend or terminate your account or your use of this website at any time, for any reason or for no reason. You are personally liable for any orders placed or charges incurred through your account prior to termination. We may also block your access to this website in the event that (a) you breach these Terms and Conditions; (b) we are unable to verify or authenticate any information you provide to us; or (c) we believe that your actions may cause financial loss or legal liability for you, our users or us.24) GeneralAny claim relating to, and the use of, this website and the Content and materials contained herein is governed by the laws of the state of California (other than conflicts of laws principals). You consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in California. A printed version of these Terms and Conditions will be admissible in judicial and administrative proceedings based upon or relating to these Terms and Conditions to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form.We do not guarantee continuous, uninterrupted or secure access to our website or the Services, and operation of this website may be interfered with by numerous factors outside of our control. If any provision of these Terms and Conditions is held to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be struck and the remaining provisions shall be enforced. You agree that these Terms and Conditions and all incorporated agreements may be automatically assigned by Company in our sole discretion. Headings are for reference purposes only and in no way define, limit, construe or describe the scope or extent of such section. Our failure to act with respect to a breach by you or others does not waive our right to act with respect to subsequent or similar breaches. These Terms and Conditions set forth the entire understanding and agreement between us with respect to the subject matter hereof. All terms and conditions stated in these Terms and Conditions which protect or act in favor of Company in any way shall survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement.25) DIGITAL MILLENNIUM COPYRIGHT ACT ("DMCA") NOTICEIn operating this website, we may act as a "services provider" (as defined by DMCA) and offer services as online provider of materials and links to third party websites. As a result, third party materials that we do not own or control may be transmitted, stored, accessed or otherwise made available using this website. The company has in place certain legally mandated procedures regarding allegations of copyright infringement occurring on this website. The company has adopted a policy that provides for the immediate removal of any content or the suspension of any user that is found to have infringed on the rights of Company or of a third party, or that has otherwise violated any intellectual property laws or regulations, or any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement. If you believe any material available via this website infringes a copyright, you should notify us using the notice procedure for claimed infringement under the DMCA (17 U.S.C. Sect. 512(c)(2)). We will respond expeditiously to remove or disable access to the material claimed to be infringing and will follow the procedures specified in the DMCA to resolve the claim between the notifying party and the alleged infringer who provided the Content.Provide The Following Notice:Identify the copyrighted work or other intellectual property that you claim has been infringed.Identify the material on this website that you claim is infringing, with enough detail so that we may locate it on this website.A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.A statement by you declaring under penalty of perjury that (a) the above information in your notice is accurate, and (b) that you are the owner of the copyright interest involved or that you are authorized to act on behalf of that owner.Your address, telephone number, and email address.Your physical or electronic signature.We may give notice to our users of any infringement notice by means of a general notice on any of our websites, electronic mail to a user's e-mail address in our records, or by written communication sent by first-class mail to a user's physical address in our records. If you receive such an infringement notice, you may provide counter-notification in writing to the designated agent that includes the information below. To be effective, the counter-notification must be a written communication that includes the following:Your physical or electronic signature.Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled, and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled.A statement from you under the penalty of perjury, that you have a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of a mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled.Your name, physical address and telephone number, and a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of a Federal District Court for the judicial district in which your physical address is located, or if your physical address is outside of the United States, for any judicial district in which we may be found, and that you will accept service of process from the person who provided notification of allegedly infringing material or an agent of such person.26) Entire AgreementThese Terms and Conditions are the entire agreement between you and Company and supersede any prior understandings or agreements (written or oral).27) Additional AssistanceIf you do not understand any of these Terms and Conditions or if you have any questions or comments, we invite you to contact our Customer Service Department by email at support@metart.com.Copyright Notice. All Site design, graphics, text selections, arrangements, and all software are protected under copyright laws. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.Did we answer your question? If not, please visit the Customer Support portal to contact us.