https://hustler.com/pages.php?id=california-privacy-rights#notice
California Privacy Rights
Login
Join Now
Not 18 Exit
Enter
WARNING - This site is for adults only!
This website contains sexually explicit material and is for adult viewing only. If you are under the age of 18, please click the "Not 18 Exit" button.
This website contains sexually explicit material, and is for adult viewing only. If you are under the age of 18, please click the "Not 18 Exit" button below. By clicking the "Enter" button, you agree that you are at least 18 years of age, you are of legal age in your area to view sexually explicit material, you will not expose the contents of this web site to minors, you are wholly liable for any legal ramifications that may arise from your viewing or downloading material from this website, and you will subject yourself to the jurisdiction of the State of California should any dispute arise between yourself and the operators of this website.
18 U.S.C 2257 Record-Keeping Requirements Compliance Statement
All models appearing on this site are 18 or older. © 2020 LFP Internet Group, LLC, All rights reserved.
Hustler
Join
Login
Login
Videos
Photos
Pornstars
Magazines
Categories
Hustler Live
Hustler Cams
Hustler Flirts
Beaverhunt Live
Hustler Sex Toys
Lights Off
Lights Off
Join
Login
Videos
Photos
Pornstars
Magazines
Categories
Live Girls
Hustler Live
Hustler Cams
Hustler Flirts
Beaverhunt Live
Hustler Sex Toys
10,000+ Videos
California Privacy Rights
Last Updated: June30, 2020
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
Residents of the State of California may, under the “Shine the Light” law (California Civil Code Section 1798.83), request from certain businesses with whom the California resident has an established business relationship, a list of third parties to which the business, during the immediately preceding calendar year, has disclosed certain personally identifiable information for direct marketing purposes.
We are only required to respond to a customer request once during any calendar year.
To make such a request you please contact us in accordance with the contact details provided below and with the subject heading “California Privacy Rights”, include an attestation to the fact that you are a California resident, and provide a current physical California address for our response.
If you have received a commercial email from us, you may opt-out of receiving future commercial emails from us at any time by following the “Unsubscribe” instructions contained in any commercial emails that you receive from us or by emailing privacy@lfp.com and we will make the requested change in our active databases within a reasonable time.
X.
CALIFORNIA USERS: YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
California Shine the Light Law
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, known as the Shine the Light Law, requires us to disclose that California customers may request information concerning whether a business has disclosed personal data (as defined in the Shine the Light law) to any third parties for their direct marketing purposes. We do not disclose your personal data (as defined in the Shine the Light law) to non-affiliated companies for their direct marketing purposes without your consent.
California Consumer Privacy Act
Under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), California Civil Code sections 1798.100-1798.199, California residents have specific rights related to the information we collect or maintain about you.
The rights of California residents pursuant to the CCPA are further described below. This California specific portion of the Privacy Policy was last updated on June 22, 2020.
Any changes will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Privacy Policy.
X.1 Notice of Collection.
We may collect information about consumers in following categories of personal data that identifies, relates to, describes, or is capable of being associated with a particular individual, as defined by the California Consumer Privacy Act.
We may use this information we collect for the business or commercial purposes described below.
Over the past 12 months we have collected such information from the following sources, for the following business or commercial purposes, and have shared that information with the following categories of third parties.
As used below, “affiliate businesses” means other businesses under common ownership with us and “business partners” means other adult entertainment websites that we partner with.
Categories of Information:	Sources from which we collected this information:	Business Purposes for which we collect this information:	Third parties with whom we shared this information with:
Identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security Number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers such as signature and physical characteristics	We collect this information directly from consumers when they interact with our website, including when consumers create an account and/or place an order.
We also collect this information other third parties that provide information to us, such as our affiliated businesses and business partners.
To create a consumer account.
To complete a transaction with a consumer.
To market to our products and services to consumers. To respond to consumer inquires.
We share this information with affiliated businesses and business partners and with payment processing services.
Financial information, such as credit card or other payment information;
We collect this information directly from consumers when they interact with our website, including when consumers create an account and/or place an order.
This information is used create a consumer account, or to complete a transaction.
We also use this information in the context of fraud prevention.	We share this information with payment processing services and fraud prevention services.
Characteristics of protected classifications under state or federal law, such as age or gender	We collect this information when a consumer provides us with this information.
We also collect this information when third parties provide this information to us, such as our affiliated businesses and business partners.	To verify the customer is over the age of 18.
To find new models and content, including for affiliated businesses.	We share this information with our affiliated businesses.
Commercial Information, including records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies	We collect this information when a customer interacts with our website, including when a customer makes a purchase.
We also collect this information when third parties provide this information to us, such as our affiliated businesses and business partners.	To gain insight into the characteristics, interests, and behaviors of consumers. To market to our products and services to consumers. 	We share this information with our business partners and affiliated businesses.
We share this information with payment processing services
Internet or electronic network activity information, information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an Internet website, application, or advertisement	We collect this information when a consumers interacts with our website, including when they sign in to their account. We also collect this information when third parties provide this information to us, such as our affiliated businesses and business partners.	To keep consumers logged in to our website and to provide access to the websites of our business partners and affiliated businesses.	We share this information with our business partners and affiliated businesses.
Geolocation data	We collect this information when a consumer interacts with our website, including when a consumer makes a purchase.
We also collect this information when third parties provide this information to us, such as our affiliated businesses and business partners.	We use this information for analytics and marketing purposes.	We share this information with affiliated businesses and business partners.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information	We collect this information when a customer interacts with us by means of audio and/or visual communications technology.	To provide customer service for our business and affiliate businesses. 	We share this information with our affiliated businesses.
Inferences drawn to create a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes	We collect this information directly from consumers, automatically when consumers interact with our website and when third parties provide this information to us, such as our affiliated businesses, business partners, and analytic services.	To gain insight into the characteristics, interests, and behaviors of consumers. To market to our products and services to consumers. 	We share this information with our affiliated businesses.
We may also use any of the information we collect from consumers in order to:
•	Provide customer service and technical assistance and respond to questions related to our products and services;
•	Conduct internal research and development and make business decisions about current and future product and service offerings;
•	Debug and repair errors in our products and services and other activities to maintain and improve the quality and safety of our products and services;
•	Cooperate with law enforcement and protect the rights, interests, safety or property of us or our customers, service providers and other third parties;
•	Comply with and enforce applicable legal and regulatory obligations, and respond to governmental requests;
•	Enforce our policies, terms and conditions, or other agreements; and
•	Defend against or pursue claims, disputes, or litigation – in court or elsewhere.
•	We may disclose or transfer personal data about consumers as part of a corporate business transaction, such as a merger or acquisition, joint venture, corporate reorganization, financing, or sale of company assets, or in the unlikely event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership, in which case the personal data could be transferred to third parties as a business asset in the transaction – subject to the terms of this privacy policy.
X.2 Your Right to Know About Personal Information Collected or Disclosed
a. Your Right to Request Information. You have the right to request that we disclose to you the categories and specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
You may make a request for this information twice within a 12-month period.
You may request any or all of the following: The categories your personal information we has collected about you in the preceding 12 months; the categories of sources from which the personal information has been collected about you in the preceding 12 months; the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling your personal information in the preceding 12 months; the categories of third parties with whom we have shared your personal information in the preceding 12 months; the categories of your personal information that we sold and the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold in the preceding 12 months, listed by category or categories of personal information for each third party to whom your personal information was sold; the categories of your personal information that we disclosed for a business purpose in the preceding 12 months; and/or the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
b. Instructions for Requesting Information.
In order to make a request for information pursuant to this section please fill out the form on https://hustler.com/contact-us/. You can submit the form online or print it out and submit it at any [name of company’s brick and mortar stores if you have one].
You may also request information by calling us toll-free at 323-651-5400, emailing us at privacy@lfp.com, support@hustler.com or contacting us via postal mail at the following address:
Flynt Management Group, LLC,
8484 Wilshire Blvd. Suite 900
Beverly Hills, CA 90021
In your request, state what information you are requesting. Please provide us with an email address for us to contract you at.
If you do not have an email address, please provide a telephone number, and/or postal mailing address for us to contact you at.
c. Verification Process. To process requests about categories of information about you, we require that you provide at least two pieces of personal information that match the personal information we maintain about you.
For example, if we maintain your name and a credit card number we may request that you provide us with your credit card’s security code and that you identify a recent purchase in order to verify your identity.
For requests about specific pieces of information about you, we require you provide us with three pieces of personal information that match the personal information we maintain about you.
For example, we may ask you to provide your credit card’s security code, ask you to provide your account user name, and ask you to identify a recent purchase in order to verify your identity.
In addition, we will require that you provide us with a signed and notarized declaration under the penalty of perjury stating that you are the person whose records you are requesting.
X.3 Disclosure or Sale of Personal Information
We have not sold any personal information to third parties for a business or commercial purpose in the preceding 12 months.
We do not knowingly collect nor sell the personal information of minors under 18 years of age.
X.4 Your Right to Request Deletion of Personal Information
a. Your Right to Delete Information.
You have the right to request that we delete any personal information about you which we have collected from you or which we maintain that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could be reasonably linked, directly or indirectly, with you or your household.
We are not required to comply with a request to delete the personal information if it is necessary us to maintain your personal information in order to:
1.	Complete the transaction for which the personal information was collected, provide a good or service requested by you, or reasonably anticipated within the context of a business’s ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform a contract between you and us.
2.	Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity; or prosecute those responsible for that activity.
3.	Debug to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
4.	Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise his or her right of free speech, or exercise another right provided for by law.
5.	Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act pursuant to Chapter 3.6 (commencing with Section 1546) of Title 12 of Part 2 of the Penal Code.
6.	Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the businesses’ deletion of the information is likely to render impossible or seriously impair the achievement of such research, if you have provided informed consent.
7.	To enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with the expectations of the consumer based on your relationship with the business.
8.	Comply with a legal obligation.
9.	Otherwise use your personal information, internally, in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which you provided the information.
b. Instructions for Requesting Your Information be Deleted.
In order to make a request to delete personal information pursuant to this section please fill out the form on https://hustler.com/contact-us/.
You may also request your information be deleted by calling us toll-free at 323-651-5400, emailing us at support@hustler.com, privacy@lfp.com, or contacting us via postal mail at the following address:
Flynt Management Group, LLC,
8484 Wilshire Blvd. Suite 900
Beverly Hills, CA 90021
In your request, specify what information you are requesting be deleted or state that you are requesting all information we have collected or maintain about you be deleted. Please provide us with an email address to contact you at.
If you do not have an email address, please provide either a telephone number and/or postal mailing address to contact you.
c. Verification Process. Requests will be verified in one of two ways depending upon our good faith belief as to the harm unauthorized deletion of this information may pose to you.
For requests to delete that pose a low risk of harm to you should the deletion be unauthorized, for example a deletion of your browsing history on our website, we will require that you provide at least two pieces of personal information that match the personal information we maintain about you.
For example, if we maintain your name and credit card number we may request you provide us with your credit card’s security code and identify a recent purchase in order to verify your identity.
For requests which pose a high risk of harm to you should the deletion be unauthorized, for example the deletion of your customer account, we will require you provide us with three pieces of personal information that match the personal information we maintain about you.
For example, we may request your credit card’s security code, your account user name, and that you identify a recent purchase in order to verify your identity.
In addition, we will require that you provide us with a signed and notarized declaration from under the penalty of perjury stating that you are the person whose records you seek to delete.
X.5 Right to Opt-Out of the Sale of Personal Information
We do not provide a mechanism for opting-out of the sale of your personal information because do not, and will not, sell personal information we collect.
If we decide to sell personal information in the future, we will provide a notice of right to opt-out in this privacy policy.
We do not, and will not, sell personal information collected during the time period during which a notice of opt-out is not posted.
X.6 Right to Non-Discrimination for the Exercise of a Consumer’s Privacy Rights
We will not discriminate against you because you have exercised any of your consumer’s rights, including, but not limited to:
1.	Denying goods or services to you;
2.	Charging different prices or rates for goods or services, including through the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties;
3.	Providing a different level or quality of goods or services to you; and/or
4.	Suggesting that you will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
X.7 Authorized Agent
You may designate an authorized agent to make a request under the California Consumer Protection Act by providing the authorized agent written permission to do so or when you have provided the authorized agent power of attorney pursuant to Probate Code sections 4000 to 4465.
We will require the authorized agent to submit proof that they have been authorized by you to act on their behalf, and, except in cases where you have provided the authorized agent power of attorney, we may require that you verify your identity with us.
X.8 Notice of Financial Incentive.
We do not currently offer financial incentives or price or service differences online to consumer in exchange for the retention and/or sale of their information.
X.9 Exceptions
We may aggregate and/or de-identify your information so that the information no longer relates to you individually. Our use and disclosure of such aggregated or de-identified information is not subject to this Privacy Policy, and may be disclosed to others without limitation and for any purpose.
X.10 Consumers with disabilities
California consumers with disabilities my contact us by phone at 323-651-5400 or email us at support@hustler.com, privacy@lfp.com for information on how to access this notice in an alternative format.
X.11
Contact Us.
If you have any questions or concerns about any aspect of this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, or if you would like to exercise the choices discussed above, please contact us at the address set forth below or email us at privacy@lfp.com:
Flynt Management Group, LLC,
8484 Wilshire Blvd. Suite 900
Beverly Hills, CA 90021
We value your privacy
Our website uses its own and third-party cookies to improve user experience and our services, and we also use data to analyze the use of our website. Here you can find our “Notice of Information Collected” as well as our "Privacy Policy".
I Accept
Hustler Facebook
Hustler Twitter
Hustler Instagram
18 U.S.C 2257 Record-Keeping Requirements Compliance Statement
all models appearing on this site are 18 or older.
Terms
|
Privacy Policy
|
Parental Blocking
|
Employment
|
Media Queries
|
Models Wanted
|
Hustler Hollywood
|
Affiliate Program
|
Support
|
California Privacy Rights
|
Contact Us
BILLING POLICY
Billing will appear discreetly as "lfp", "lfp internet" or "lfplcc".
For billing inquiries, please visit epoch.com, ccbill or vendo our authorized sales and service agents
© 2020 LFP Internet Group, LLC, All Rights Reserved.
LFP Internet Group, LLC, 8484 Wilshire Blvd. #900,
Beverly Hills, CA 90211, USA
Contact us at support@hustler.com