https://jonrhus.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
GOR
Short Stories
Kajirae
GOR FAQ
Books
Policies
Home Stone
This website is owned and operated by myself, Jonrhus of Gor. I am a very private person and do not appreciate it when I receive unsolicited email, junk snail mail, sales phone calls, or any other type of unwanted communications intended to solicit either my funding or my support. To put it rather bluntly, I value my own privacy and WILL respect the privacy of others. The following explains how the information you provide either voluntarily or involuntarily by accessing this site is used and what you can expect NOT to be done with the information.
Further, if you feel that it is in your best interest to protect yourself from any data collection, you MAY find suggestions in the following paragraphs about how you can limit some methods of data collection.
I wish you well!
– Jonrhus of Gor –
COPPA
This site does not target and is not written or designed for minors.
Access to mature content is protected by an “Age Gate”. Users are shown a prompt to verify that they are over the age of consent.
Demographic Information (via Analytics)
This site makes use of Analytics in order to improve the content and user experience of those that are loyal to visiting our site.
Demographics will be used on this site ONLY where the owner of this site may access it. Information will be analyzed to provide content and discussion that will be both interesting and informative to our user base. Demographics will NOT be presented to anyone else in any form other than the provider of the analytics system (which I am unable to prevent).
If you would like to limit the Analytics data that is collected by our provider; it is safe to use a script blocking plugin to refuse scripts from google-analytics.com and your browser will not participate by not downloading the analytics script.  Note: it is safe (and required) to allow scripts from jonrhus.com, ajax.googleapis.com, fonts.googleapis.com, stackpath.bootstrapcdn.com, use.fontawesome.com, and secure.gravatar.com in order to view this site as intended and enhance your user experience.
Embedded content from other websites
This site makes use of very popular and common CDN (Content Delivery Network) based libraries (including but not limited to: Bootstrap, FontAwesome, jQuery, jQueryUI, and Web Based Fonts). The site may also include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.) from other providers like affiliate programs. Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may attempt to collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
If you wish to limit this third-party data collection (without affecting your experience on this site) it is usually safe to allow scripts and downloads from those other sites while still blocking the acceptance of third-party cookies.  These settings can usually be found under the Privacy & Security Options in your selected Browser.  (I use those settings myself and recommend that you do as well)
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Contact forms
Information that you enter in contact forms on this site is only sent to the owner of the site.  That information is not added to any external database, nor is it used for any other purpose than to answer your inquiry.
Your contact information
Nickname
The nickname you provide in your profile is used in relation to your comments and MAY be used IF we contact you by email about some interests you have specifically asked about or in automated notifications if you have opted for them through the comment system.
Email Address
Usage of your email address is strictly limited to answering your questions, notifying you when the website has been updated, and providing you with information regarding the interests that you have expressed. Email addresses will NOT be sold or used in any ‘SPAM’ activity whether related to advertisers, sponsors, or the community at large.
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Who we share your comments with
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
How long we retain comments
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
Your data, your rights
If you have registered for an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an export of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided. You may also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes, or comments that are relevant to other user context that would interfere with the flow of our site.  (So basically, try not to go off half-cocked.)
Additional information
How we protect your data
This site is protected with a SSL Certificate in order to protect your privacy and interactions across the internet.  Furthermore, we carefully select a hosting provider based on a higher level of network security well beyond the minimum that is required.
In the event of a data breach
It is an unfortunate reality that websites are compromised each day.  While highly unlikely due to our selection of hosting platform and the minimal amount of data stored by this website, we will make it our responsibility to restore this site to a secure state in the event of any data breach.  We will also make every attempt to identify the source/reason for the breach, and notify any user with a breached account via email.  (This may involve disabling any breached account for an undisclosed period of time while the issues are resolved.)
From whom do we receive data
When you support us by supporting one of our affiliates, we receive only basic information about our involvement with that particular affiliate such as what product was affiliated. We have no way, nor do we desire, to identify you or any other user through these affiliations.  We do however appreciate that users choose to support us in this manner.
No profiling with user data
We do use analytic and affiliate information to make improvements to this site based on site content and historical performance.  However we do not conduct any type of user profiling or automated dynamic changes to our site based on your information.
Copyright and Intellectual Property
This site is Copyrighted and is considered to be Intellectual Property with all rights reserved.
Where certain elements such as text graphics, photographs, or other content is displayed to the user; that content is for display to and enjoyment of the individual visitor and may not be copied or re-transmitted in any form.
If you wish to share a link to this site so that others may enjoy it as well; please share a link to the top level of the site (i.e. https://jonrhus.com/ ); then you may share a link to the page that contains the content you enjoyed.  I ask this in order that people will not be led to pages and content that has been moved during re-design and re-organization.
Any content on this site that is derived from third parties including affiliates, advertisers, content delivery networks, or from other works that we purchased and modified still retain copyright and ownership rights to their original providers.
Photographs of printed material or excerpted content that we display on this site is taken from a collection of material that is privately owned.  It is shown on this website in appreciation to its original creators which still own the original copyright and intellectual property regarding those works either written or graphically represented.
Any user found to be publishing information or graphics from this site, i.e. violating copyright law, will be immediately removed from the access list and I reserve the right to prosecute to the full extent of the law when requests to remove any re-published information are not followed immediately.
Terms of Use
Disclaimer of Warranty
THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE WEBSITE, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE WEBSITE “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF USABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE WEBSITE IS WITH THE VISITOR. SHOULD THE WEBSITE PROVE DEFECTIVE, THE VISITOR ASSUMES THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION.
Limitation of Liability
IN NO EVENT WILL ANY OWNER, OPERATOR, COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY PROVIDING ACCESS TO THE WEBSITE AS PUBLISHED, BE LIABLE TO A VISITOR OR AFFILIATE FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE WEBSITE (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A FAILURE OF THE WEBSITE TO OPERATE AS DESIGNED), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
Interpretation of Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability
If the disclaimer of warranty and limitation of liability provided above cannot be given local legal effect according to their terms, reviewing courts and council shall apply local law that most closely approximates an absolute waiver of all civil liability in connection with the website.
18 U.S.C. section 2257 and 28 C.F.R. 75
All visual depictions displayed on this Website are exempt from the provision of 18 U.S.C. section 2257 and 28 C.F.R. 75 because said visual depictions do not consist of depictions of conduct as specifically listed in 18 U.S.C section 2256 (2) (A) through (D), but are merely depictions of non-sexually explicit nudity.
With respect to all visual depictions displayed on this website, whether of actual sexually explicit conduct, simulated sexual content or otherwise, all persons in said visual depictions were at least 18 years of age when said visual depictions were created.
Search for:
Recent Posts
Welcome to the Jonrhus of GOR Website
Categories
Jonrhus
Archives
November 2019
Copyright © 2020 Jonrhus of GOR — All rights reserved.