https://ldwgroupsites.com/sissyschool/privacy/
SISSY MENU
Home
Available MIstresses
All Mistresses
Contact
Forums
Sissyville Blog
Sissy Style Magazine
Fiction
Audio Recordings
Tour Our Sites
Required Reading & Articles
Legal
Privacy
Terms
Sissy Circuit Training
Privacy
Privacy Policy Statement
This is the web site of LDW Group, Inc..
Our postal address is:
PO Box 384
Bellingham, MA 02019
We can be reached via e-mail at customerservice@ldwgroup.com
or you can reach us by telephone at 800-356-6169
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes only the consumer’s domain name, but not the e-mail address (where possible).
We collect the e-mail addresses of those who post messages to our bulletin board, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations. IP addresses are viewable only on our Forums and Chat Room areas. IP address information is not shared with other organizations for any purpose, and will only be disclosed when administrators of this website legally required to do so, at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our Web site and applicable laws, or to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our Web site.
With respect to cookies: Cookies are only used on the Message Forum areas of our Websites.
We do not send emails to visitors of our websites unless an email is initiated by the visitor, directly to a company representative. No unsolicited emails are sent by the company. If you choose to register with our Message Forum, you may receive Private Messages from other Forum members. If you wish to cancel your membership on our Message Forums, please send an email to the above address, with “cancel forum membership” in the subject line. Please include your user name, password, email address, and Forum Site in your email. Prior to cancellation, a confirmation email will be sent to verify your cancellation request.
We do not share email addresses with any third parties..
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to unique identifier information (e.g., customer number or password) that we maintain about them, and communications that the consumer/visitor has directed to our site (e.g., e-mails, customer inquiries).
Consumers can access this information by e-mail us at the above address.
Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information, transaction information.
Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us e-mail at the above address, or calling us at the above telephone number.
With respect to security: We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number.