https://local-swingers.co.uk/legal/Chatroom_Rules.php
What a sexy young lady little is and large is a true gent. After chatting for so...
(View Profile)Have been several times over the years. Can be a bit hit or miss at times but ha...Visited on Friday evening, not many in attendance but those that were there were...New Club in Clacton - Added 23rd Aug 2018 : ...At long last we have our own club in Hull The owners and staff are warm and welc...Went last night first time since Christmas and New Year and happy to say it was ...I went to Jaydees on Saturday 23rd March as a single guy, and found it most enjo...I went to Jaydees on Saturday 23rd March as a single guy, and found it most enjo...Attended this fantastic venue 6th April,first time I have ever been to a club th...It has reopened in New premises. I have been twice to the new place with friends...Met this guy at coffee morning he is very genuine and a very nice guy very polit...
(View Profile)Will be going again New Years Eve had a fab time last year Best new year ever, B...Met in hotel near Heathrow. What a great start to our holiday.
Steve is very se...
(View Profile)very nice
and friendly couple
will be very happy with them thanks
for ur effo...
(View Profile)Mature couple...
(View Profile)Heard Good Things About This Place...
(View Profile)Looking for horny fun...
(View Profile)Older gent looking for fun...
(View Profile)Looking for tall single males erotic, play...
(View Profile)Single female looking for fun...
(View Profile)Looking for Fun...
(View Profile)Want to have some fun...
(View Profile)Bi-Couple on Fun Quest!...
(View Profile)Going to Weymouth in September . Might have a spare night to play if anyone’s in the area COVID-19: Lets be sensible about this...All parties, Swingdates and Holiday Posts have been removed. Please follow government guidelines.
Local Swingers
Login
Login Name:
Password:
LOGIN_SEC_CODE
remember me
Secure Login
Register, it's free!
Lost your password?
Chat Room Rules
These rules and our Privacy
Policy. govern all activity in our chat room and on
this site generally. In using this chat room and www.Local-Swingers.co.uk, you agree to be bound
by them.
1. Your Obligations
1.1 In consideration of your use of our chat room, you agree to:-
1.1.1
provide
true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself when filling
out our registration form; and
1.1.2
maintain
and promptly update your registration data to keep it true, accurate, current
and complete. If we have reasonable grounds to suspect that any information is
untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, we have the right to suspend or
terminate your registration.
1.2
Your
username will be used to identify you the chat areas. Have fun with your user
name by all means but vulgar or offensive names will constitute a breach of
these rules.
1.3 If you are offended by another user's screen name,
please e-mail us immediately. Similarly if you are unsure about whether a
username you would like to use may breach these rules, e-mail us for advice.
1.4
We
are concerned about the safety and privacy of all our users, particularly
children. Please remember that our chat areas are designed to appeal to an
audience that is aged 18 or above. Accordingly, it is your responsibility to ensure
that the use of the chat areas and / or viewing of such content is strictly not
made available to any person below the age of 18 years.
2. Privacy Policy
Details provided by you and certain other
information about you is subject to our Privacy Policy.
3. On-line Conduct
3.1
You
understand that all data, text, software, music, sound, photographs, graphics,
video, messages or other materials ('content'), whether publicly posted or
privately transmitted, are the sole responsibility of the person from which the
content originated. This means that you are entirely responsible for all
content that you upload, post or e-mail via our chat areas and our website. We
do not control the content posted via any chat area and therefore do not
guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of the content.
3.2
Under
no circumstances will we be liable in any way for any content, including
(without limitation) any errors or omissions in any content, or for any loss or
damage of any kind incurred as a result of your use of any content. You agree
that you must evaluate and bear all risks associated with the use of any
content including any reliance on its accuracy or completeness. You also
understand that by using our chat areas and our site, you may be exposed to
content that is offensive, indecent or objectionable.
3.3
You
agree that you will not use any chat area or any part of our site to:
3.3.1
upload,
post or e-mail any content that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive,
harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libellous, invasive of
another's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable;
3.3.2
harm
minors in any way;
3.3.3 impersonate any person or entity, falsely state or
otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity or disguise the
origin of any content;
3.3.4
'stalk'
or otherwise harass another;
3.3.5
collect
or store personal data about other users;
3.3.6
upload,
post or e-mail any content that you do not have a right to transmit under any
law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships;
3.3.7 upload, post or e-mail any content that infringes
any intellectual property rights of any party;
3.3.8
upload,
post or e-mail any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising, promotional
materials, 'junk mail', 'spam', 'chain letters', or any other form of
solicitation;
3.3.9
upload,
post or e-mail any content that contains computer viruses or any other computer
code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the
functionality of any computer software, hardware or telecommunications
equipment;
3.3.10
disrupt
the normal flow of dialogue, cause a screen to 'scroll' faster than other users
of the chat areas are able to type, or otherwise act in a manner that negatively
affects other users' ability to engage in real time exchanges; or
3.3.11 violate any applicable national or international
laws or regulations.
3.4
You
acknowledge that we do not pre-screen content but that we shall have the right
(though not the obligation) in our sole discretion to move, modify or remove
any content that is available on or via any chat area or our site generally.
3.5 In consideration of your use of the private
messaging service in our chat room, you agree to seek the permission of the recipient within the main open chat room before
initiating a private message. Sending a private message to any member of our
service without prior permission from the recipient will automatically result
in a breach of these Chat Room Rules and may result in a termination of your
account with Local Swingers.
4. Licence
You grant to us a world-wide, royalty-free,
irrevocable, non-exclusive licence (including the right to sub-license) to use,
reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from,
distribute, perform and display any content (in whole or part) you upload, post
or e-mail and/or to incorporate such content in other works in any form, media
or technology now known or developed.
5. Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold us and our
subsidiaries, affiliates, employees, officers, agents or partners harmless from
and against any direct or indirect loss or damage (including consequential loss
and loss of profits, goodwill or business opportunities arising from any third
party claim in relation to any content you upload, post or e-mail on or through
our chat areas or our site, your use of the chat areas and our site, or your
breach of the provisions of these rules.
6. Sanctions
6.1 As soon as we are made aware of activities that
breach these rules, our terms and conditions or our Privacy Policy, prompt
action will be taken. If you witness such breaches in the chat areas or
anywhere else in our site, please notify us immediately.
6.2
On
being made aware of any such breaches, we may ban, delete or prohibit any
content that relates to those breaches or that we judge harmful to individuals
or the rights of any of our affiliates, licensors or partners.
6.3
We
reserve the right to take whatever action we deem necessary to prevent such
breaches including the following:
6.3.1 breaches we deem minor may result simply in receipt
of a warning; or
6.3.2
breaches
we deem serious may result in your automatic ban from our chat room and our website
generally. All incidents will be logged and our decision is final in all such
cases.
6.4
Any
breaches may lead to us reporting your activities to your internet service
provider, your employer, relevant authorities, or to legal action being taken
against you, or both. See Privacy Policy.
6.5     In addition we may at any time move, modify or
remove any content or take further legal action as a result of breaches or
suspected breaches of these rules, our Privacy Policy, any applicable laws or
regulations or where our rights or third party rights are threatened or
infringed.
Version
1.1 Local-Swingers.co.uk dated 25 August 2006
All trademarks and copyrights are the property of their respective owners.
Everything else is copyright © 2000-2020 local-swingers.co.uk.
Server Status
Fri 11 Dec @ Fri 11 Dec @ 1:31 pm
Online Now
0
free parties
0
pay parties
0
holiday posts
Site Activity Today
8
new members *
* (in last 24 hours)
SEX SHOP...Leather Strap On Dildo
Help & Advice
Parties - for single malesTake my Wife!Swinging as a single maleCouple Seeks Guy
Copyright
(c) 2000 - 2020
Local-Swingers.co.uk
All Rights Reserved
User Agreement
Terms and Conditions
Acceptable Use Policy
Chat Room Rules
Website Abuses
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Webmasters
Webmasters
Link to Local Swingers