https://love-scent.com/terms-service-a-9.html
We use cookies to make your experience better.
To comply with the new e-Privacy directive, we need to ask for your consent to set the cookies.
Learn more.
Allow Cookies
Menu
Search
Account
Cart
Search
Account
Wish List
Sign In
Sign Up
Skip to Content
Forum
Blog
Testimonials
888-777-1115
Welcome on Love Scent
Compare Products
Love Scent Pheromone Products for Men and Women
Menu
Men's PheromonesScented Men's PheromonesUnscented Men's PheromonesPure Men's PheromonesWomen's PheromonesScented Women's PheromonesUnscented Women's PheromonesPure Women's PheromonesPure PheromonesPheromone SamplesMen's Pheromone SamplesWomen's Pheromone SamplesMen's Pheromone PacksWomen's Pheromone PacksSuppliesBrand ColognesMen's Brand ColognesWomen's Brand ColognesBest SellersWholesalePheromones For ResalePheromones For Private LabelPheromones For Bulk PurchasePure Pheromone Powders
Home
Terms of Service
Terms of Service
Welcome to our online store! Love-Scent and its associates provide their services to you subject to the following conditions. If you visit or shop within this website, you accept these conditions. Please read them carefully.
PRIVACY
Please review our Privacy Notice, which also governs your visit to our website, to understand our practices.
ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS
When you visit Love-Scent or send e-mails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. You consent to receive communications from us electronically. We will communicate with you by e-mail or by posting notices on this site. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
COPYRIGHT
All content included on this site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software, is the property of Love-Scent or its content suppliers and protected by United States and international copyright laws. The compilation of all content on this site is the exclusive property of Love-Scent, and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. The software application provider and author for "Magento", is used under the Open Software License (OSL 3.0) and all original authorship and credit for Magento remains the intellectual rights of www.magentocommerce.com.
TRADEMARKS
Love-Scents trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not Love-Scents, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits Love-Scent. All other trademarks not owned by Love-Scent or its subsidiaries that appear on this site are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by Love-Scent or its subsidiaries.
LICENSE AND SITE ACCESS
Love-Scent grants you a limited license to access and make personal use of this site and not to download (other than page caching) or modify it, or any portion of it, except with express written consent of Love-Scent. This license does not include any resale or commercial use of this site or its contents: any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices: any derivative use of this site or its contents: any downloading or copying of account information for the benefit of another merchant: or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. This site or any portion of this site may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without express written consent of Love-Scent. You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of Love-Scent and our associates without express written consent. You may not use any meta tags or any other ":hidden text": utilizing Love-Scents name or trademarks without the express written consent of Love-Scent. Any unauthorized use terminates the permission or license granted by Love-Scent. You are granted a limited, revocable, and nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to the home page of Love-Scent so long as the link does not portray Love-Scent, its associates, or their products or services in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive matter. You may not use any Love-Scent logo or other proprietary graphic or trademark as part of the link without express written permission.
YOUR MEMBERSHIP ACCOUNT
If you use this site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. If you are under 18, you may use our website only with involvement of a parent or guardian. Love-Scent and its associates reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders in their sole discretion.
REVIEWS, COMMENTS, EMAILS, AND OTHER CONTENT
Visitors may post reviews, comments, and other content: and submit suggestions, ideas, comments, questions, or other information, so long as the content is not illegal, obscene, threatening, defamatory, invasive of privacy, infringing of intellectual property rights, or otherwise injurious to third parties or objectionable and does not consist of or contain software viruses, political campaigning, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings, or any form of ":spam.": You may not use a false e-mail address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the origin of a card or other content. Love-Scent reserves the right (but not the obligation) to remove or edit such content, but does not regularly review posted content.
If you do post content or submit material, and unless we indicate otherwise, you grant Love-Scent and its associates a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sublicensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such content throughout the world in any media. You grant Love-Scent and its associates and sublicensees the right to use the name that you submit in connection with such content, if they choose. You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the content that you post: that the content is accurate: that use of the content you supply does not violate this policy and will not cause injury to any person or entity: and that you will indemnify Love-Scent or its associates for all claims resulting from content you supply. Love-Scent has the right but not the obligation to monitor and edit or remove any activity or content. Love-Scent takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any content posted by you or any third party.
RISK OF LOSS
All items purchased from Love-Scent are made pursuant to a shipment contract. This basically means that the risk of loss and title for such items pass to you upon our delivery to the carrier.
PRODUCT DESCRIPTIONS
Love-Scent and its associates attempt to be as accurate as possible. However, Love-Scent does not warrant that product descriptions or other content of this site is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free. If a product offered by Love-Scent itself is not as described, your sole remedy is to return it in unused condition.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
THIS SITE IS PROVIDED BY Love-Scent ON AN ":AS IS": AND ":AS AVAILABLE": BASIS. Love-Scent MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THIS SITE OR THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, OR PRODUCTS INCLUDED ON THIS SITE. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THIS SITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, Love-Scent DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Love-Scent DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THIS SITE, ITS SERVERS, OR E-MAIL SENT FROM Love-Scent ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. Love-Scent WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM THE USE OF THIS SITE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES.
CERTAIN STATE LAWS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS, OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MIGHT HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS.
APPLICABLE LAW
By visiting Love-Scent, you agree that the laws of the state of Michigan, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Conditions of Use and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and Love-Scent or its associates.
DISPUTES
Any dispute relating in any way to your visit to Love-Scent or to products you purchase through Love-Scent shall be submitted to confidential arbitration in Michigan, except that, to the extent you have in any manner violated or threatened to violate Love-Scents intellectual property rights, Love-Scent may seek injunctive or other appropriate relief in any state or federal court in the state of Michigan, and you consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in such courts. Arbitration under this agreement shall be conducted under the rules then prevailing of the American Arbitration Association. The arbitrators award shall be binding and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no arbitration under this Agreement shall be joined to an arbitration involving any other party subject to this Agreement, whether through class arbitration proceedings or otherwise.
SITE POLICIES, MODIFICATION, AND SEVERABILITY
Please review our other policies, such as our Shipping and Returns policy, posted on this site. These policies also govern your visit to Love-Scent. We reserve the right to make changes to our site, policies, and these Conditions of Use at any time. If any of these conditions shall be deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining condition.
QUESTIONS:
Questions regarding our Terms Of Service, Privacy Policy, or other policy related material can be directed to our support staff by clicking on the "Contact Us" link in the side menu. Or you can contact us.
Build confidence and change people's perceptions of you.
Attract that special someone or improve your current relationship.
Feel more at ease in social situations.
Do Pheromones Really Work?
The answer is yes! Pheromones are natural hormones produced by most creatures to attract other members of the same species, and create social bonds. In humans, pheromones are a little more complex, but research has shown that certain pheromone molecules such as Androstenone, Androstadienone, Androstenol, Estratetraenol, and more can actually affect your mood, confidence, attractiveness, approachability, and authority. Wearing pheromones can have a huge effect on your day to day life, especially when it comes to attracting romantic partners. Whether you're in a long term relationship already and need to reignite the passion, looking for someone new, or simply looking for nice boost in self-confidence, pheromone perfumes and colognes from Love Scent can help you out!
At Love Scent, we carry some of the best pheromone perfumes, colognes, and unscented pheromones on the market. We have great pheromones for men, such as Chikara and Edge; amazing pheromones for women, such as Primal Women and the Love Scent Copulin Concentrate; and pheromones such as Liquid Trust and our very own Love Scent Pheromone Oils that can be worn by anyone, regardless of gender!
We have products for just about anyone, and we're always working on the next big thing in human pheromone technology. Our pheromones really do work, and they are backed by a 100% money-back guarantee. So what are you waiting for?
About Love Scent
Love Scent is your one stop online pheromone superstore. Shop for the best pheromone perfumes and colognes fragrances risk free. At Love Scent, we carry some of the best pheromone perfumes, colognes, and unscented pheromones on the market.
Testimonials
PL Writes: "As usual your service is fantastic....only a few days for my order to reach Australia. ..."
View More
Quick Links
Shipping Info
Our Guarantee
Return Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Contact Us
Affiliate Login
Site Map
Contact Us
Sales/Service
1-888-777-1115
Address
Love Scent
3595 Western Dr
Eugene, OR 97401
Trusts
Copyright © 2020 Love Scent Inc.