https://love-scent.com/privacy-notice-a-8.html
We use cookies to make your experience better.
To comply with the new e-Privacy directive, we need to ask for your consent to set the cookies.
Learn more.
Allow Cookies
Menu
Search
Account
Cart
Search
Account
Wish List
Sign In
Sign Up
Skip to Content
Forum
Blog
Testimonials
888-777-1115
Welcome on Love Scent
Compare Products
Love Scent Pheromone Products for Men and Women
Menu
Men's PheromonesScented Men's PheromonesUnscented Men's PheromonesPure Men's PheromonesWomen's PheromonesScented Women's PheromonesUnscented Women's PheromonesPure Women's PheromonesPure PheromonesPheromone SamplesMen's Pheromone SamplesWomen's Pheromone SamplesMen's Pheromone PacksWomen's Pheromone PacksSuppliesBrand ColognesMen's Brand ColognesWomen's Brand ColognesBest SellersWholesalePheromones For ResalePheromones For Private LabelPheromones For Bulk PurchasePure Pheromone Powders
Home
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
Love-Scent knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust and want you to feel confident in our services and security as it relates to your personal information. This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting Love-Scent, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
What Personal Information Does Love-Scent Gather?
The information we learn from customers helps us personalize and continually improve your shopping experience at Love-Scent. Here are the types of information we gather.
Information You Give Us: We receive and store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in any other way. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, fulfilling orders, customizing future shopping for you, improving our store features, and communication with you.
Automatic Information: We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with our website. For example, like many web sites, we sometimes use "cookies," and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses our website.
E-mail Communications: To help us make e-mails more productive to improve service and your shopping experience, we sometimes send you newsletters of our services and products, notifications of changes to our policies, and order confirmations. If you do not want to receive e-mail from us, other than order notifications and receipts, please adjust your "Subscription" preferences by logging into your account.
What About Cookies?
Cookies are alphanumeric identifier text files that we transfer to your computers hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide features such as storage of items in your Shopping Cart between visits.
Does Love-Scent Share the Information It Receives?
We respect your privacy and appreciate your business. At no time do we ever provide your account contact or payment information to any third party vendor, associate or service provider unless absolutely neccesary in order to complete your transaction and order.
How Secure Is Information About Me?
We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you provide to us for purchasing of our products or services. We reveal only the last five digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order. Of course, we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing. It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer by clicking the "log off" link located in the side menu.
Which Information Can I Access?
Love-Scent gives you access to a broad range of information about your account and your interactions with us for the limited purpose of viewing and, in certain cases, updating that information.
Terms Of Service, Notices, and Revisions
If you choose to visit Love-Scent, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Conditions of Use, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of the law of the state of our local state. If you have any concern about privacy of your personal information as used and collected within our website, please send us a thorough description by clicking on the &quotContact Us" link on the footer, and we will try to resolve it.
Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Notice and the Conditions of Use will change also. We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions, unless you have instructed us not to, but you should check our Web site frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers.
Information You Give Us
You provide most such information when you search, buy, order, post reviews, or other methods of communication via our website or email to Love-Scent. As a result of those actions, you might supply us with such information as your name, address, and phone numbers, and credit card information.
Automatic Information
For security purposes Love-Scent sometimes collects and analyzes the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, and to our website. This is done for your protection for tracking purposes in the unfortunate event that someone gains access to your personal or financial information and opens an account, or makes purchases under your name.
Questions
Questions regarding our Terms Of Service, Privacy Policy, or other policy related material can be directed to our support staff by clicking on the "Contact Us" link in the footer.
Build confidence and change people's perceptions of you.
Attract that special someone or improve your current relationship.
Feel more at ease in social situations.
Do Pheromones Really Work?
The answer is yes! Pheromones are natural hormones produced by most creatures to attract other members of the same species, and create social bonds. In humans, pheromones are a little more complex, but research has shown that certain pheromone molecules such as Androstenone, Androstadienone, Androstenol, Estratetraenol, and more can actually affect your mood, confidence, attractiveness, approachability, and authority. Wearing pheromones can have a huge effect on your day to day life, especially when it comes to attracting romantic partners. Whether you're in a long term relationship already and need to reignite the passion, looking for someone new, or simply looking for nice boost in self-confidence, pheromone perfumes and colognes from Love Scent can help you out!
At Love Scent, we carry some of the best pheromone perfumes, colognes, and unscented pheromones on the market. We have great pheromones for men, such as Chikara and Edge; amazing pheromones for women, such as Primal Women and the Love Scent Copulin Concentrate; and pheromones such as Liquid Trust and our very own Love Scent Pheromone Oils that can be worn by anyone, regardless of gender!
We have products for just about anyone, and we're always working on the next big thing in human pheromone technology. Our pheromones really do work, and they are backed by a 100% money-back guarantee. So what are you waiting for?
About Love Scent
Love Scent is your one stop online pheromone superstore. Shop for the best pheromone perfumes and colognes fragrances risk free. At Love Scent, we carry some of the best pheromone perfumes, colognes, and unscented pheromones on the market.
Testimonials
PL Writes: "As usual your service is fantastic....only a few days for my order to reach Australia. ..."
View More
Quick Links
Shipping Info
Our Guarantee
Return Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Contact Us
Affiliate Login
Site Map
Contact Us
Sales/Service
1-888-777-1115
Address
Love Scent
3595 Western Dr
Eugene, OR 97401
Trusts
Copyright © 2020 Love Scent Inc.