http://luvtoys.com/privacy
Luvtoys
My Account
My Wishlist
My Cart
Checkout
Log In
Track My Order
Search:
Search
Whats New
Hot Brands
Sex Toys for Her
Sex Toys for Him
Sex Toys for Couples
Blog
Home
/
Privacy Notice
SecurityThank you for shopping at luvtoys.com. LuvToys values and respects the privacy of all our customers. The information we collect is used to improve the shopping experience of our customers as well as to tell you about our latest products, specials, promotions and other news and services we offer to our customers. To fulfill your order, we need your address, phone and credit card info when appropriate. Please remember that we've done our best to ensure the privacy and security of your transactions. Your credit card number and other personal data will be treated with the highest standards of security and confidentiality. LuvToys will not rent or sell any information about our customers to anyone. Secure ShoppingOrders placed on our site are encrypted using SSL technology, the industry-standard authentication and encryption technology. This ensures that your transactions are protected. With SSL implemented on both the client and server, information transmitted over the internet will remain unaltered and secure. In order for SSL security to work, you must use an SSL enabled browser. Most Netscape and Explorer browsers, version 3.x and later, support SSL. If you have any concerns about placing your order online, please order by phone. Please note that e-mail is not encrypted, and therefore NOT a secure means of transmitting credit card information. LuvToys will NEVER request sensitive information over e-mail.
How LuvToys Uses Your InformationInformation recorded in the LuvToys database is used internally during the normal course of our business. Examples of how we use your information are as follows:
We will generate an e-mail to you for order confirmation.  We may use information about your product purchases and interests to help us improve our website design. We may send e-mails to our customers related to new products, seasonal items, promotions or sales.  We may send e-mails to help us learn more about your shopping preferences or your shopping experience at LuvToys
You will also have access to your online purchases so you can look up and reorder frequently purchased items in seconds!
We will submit your name, address and phone to trusted shipping companies such as Federal Express to insure delivery of your order.
Accessing Account Information Your account information can be accessed by you at any time. To access your account information, simply login and click on the "Your Account" link located near the top of the page. If at any time you would like us to remove you from our e-mail mailing list, please contact us using one of the following methods: e-mail Address: customerservice@luvtoys.com 1-888-782-6166 Fax Toll Free 1-888-782-6160 Please note that any request you make concerning e-mail traffic will be handled promptly.
Correcting and Updating Personal InformationIf any of your personally identifiable information changes please contact us by e-mailing us at customerservice@luvtoys.com so we may update your personal data. Your Choice to Opt-OutYou have the opportunity to "opt-out". My Account information has an opt-out box. If you want to buy a product from us, but you do not want to receive future promotional e-mails or marketing material, you simply uncheck the box to opt-out of the group receiving such e-mails. You may also opt-out by e-mailing us at customerservice@luvtoys.com. You can also opt-out by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link within any e-mail we send you.
Legal age
By viewing the luvtoys.com website you agree that you are at least 18 years of age, or of legal age to view and possess adult content and adult toys in the community in which you reside. If you are not 21 years of age, or if you are not of legal age to view adult content or posess adult toys you must exit the luvtoys.com website.
All models that appear on this website are over the age of 18 years. This site is compliant with 18 USC 2257. Protecting Children Privacy
LuvToys is concerned about the safety of our children when they use the internet. Consistent with the Children&r Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998, we will never knowingly request personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 21. If we become aware that a subscriber is under the age of 21, we will remove his or her personal information from our files.
Criminal Activity of OthersOur Privacy Policy states our standards in protecting your personal information.&nbsp; While we do everything in our power to protect your personal information, there may be factors, such as criminal activity, that may result in disclosure of your information. Therefore, we cannot guarantee the safety of your personal information acquired as a result of criminal activity.
Credit Card SecurityAt LuvToys, we do our best to provide a safe and convenient online shopping experience. We safeguard the integrity of our customers' credit card information. Protecting the safety of your credit card information is important to us. Furthermore, we use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to protect the security of your credit card information as it is transmitted to us. SSL is the gold standard in Internet encryption technology, which is a fancy way of saying that it's a highly sophisticated method of scrambling data as it travels from your computer to our website's servers. To make sure you are accessing our secure server before you submit personal financial information, look at the lower left-hand corner of your browser. If you see an unbroken key or a closed lock (depending upon your browser), then SSL is active. To double-check for security, look at the URL or Location line of your browser. If you have accessed a secure server, the first characters of the address in that line should change from "http" to "https." Some browser versions and some firewalls don't permit communication through secure servers like the ones we use to process orders.&nbsp; If someone steals your credit card information or uses your credit card in an unauthorized manner on our site contact your credit card company immediately.
Under the Fair Credit Billing Act, your bank or Credit Card Company cannot hold you liable for more than $50 of unauthorized or fraudulent charges on a credit card. Your liability for unauthorized use of a debit card may be higher, but most debit card issuers voluntarily apply the $50 limit to their cards as well.
If for any reason you cannot access the secure server, or you prefer to make your purchase via telephone, just give us a call at 888-782-6166.&nbsp;&nbsp; Your purchase request may also be submitted via Fax (888-782-6160) or e-mail (sales@luvtoys.com).
Our business hours are from 8:30 AM to 5:30 PM (Mountain Standard Time) Monday through Friday. If we are unavailable when you call, please leave a message and one of our representatives will return your call.&nbsp; Our policy is to return all calls the same day if they are received before 3:00 PM MST.&nbsp; Otherwise, all calls will be returned within 24 hours.
Limitation of LiabilityUNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, NEGLIGENCE, SHALL LuvToys BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF DATA OR PROFIT, ARISING OUT OF THE USE, OR THE INABILITY TO USE, THE MATERIALS ON THIS SITE, EVEN IF LuvToys OR AN LuvToys AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IF YOUR USE OF MATERIALS FROM THIS SITE RESULTS IN THE NEED FOR SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION OF EQUIPMENT OR DATA, YOU ASSUME ANY COSTS THEREOF. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.   Glossary of TermsCookiesA cookie is a small data file that many Web sites write to your hard drive when you visit them. A cookie file can contain information such as a user ID that the site uses to track the pages you've visited. But the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. A cookie can't read data off your hard disk, determine your e-mail address, or read cookie files created by other sites. If you wish to prevent Web sites from setting cookies on your browser, you may set your browser to refuse cookies or to warn you before setting a cookie. IP AddressWhen you are connected to the Internet, your computer has a unique Internet ID called an IP address. Most people that connect through a dial-up service, such as America Online, get a different IP address each time they login. Others might have a permanently assigned IP address, called a static IP address. It is difficult or impossible for a Web site to collect personal information about you (i.e., your name, e-mail address, etc.) from your IP address alone, though it is easier if you have a static IP address. Links to Other WebsitesLuvToys will contain links to other sites that are not under our control. These Web sites have their own policies regarding privacy, which you should review when visiting them. We have no responsibility for linked Web sites and provide these links solely for our visitors. Session IDA unique ID is assigned each time someone visits an online store with a shopping basket system. Each store you visit will assign you a different ID. Many stores use a cookie to save your Session ID for re-use when you return to that same store. Most shoppers find it convenient that their shopping basket is maintained between visits but others find it objectionable and therefore turn cookies off.
SSL EncryptionA method by which information transmitted across the Internet is scrambled to the point where it's hard to decipher by anyone who should intercept the data before it reaches its destination. Most reputable online stores make use of SSL encryption to request credit card information and other sensitive data from their customers. Web pages where SSL encryption is activated are typically identified by a lock or key symbol displayed somewhere in your browser. Refer to your browser's documentation for the specific symbol and location. Contacting UsIf you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, wish to have information about you deleted, opt-out of mailings, or want to place an order via a method other than the Internet, you can contact us Monday through Friday Mountain Standard Time from 8:30 AM to 5:30 PM at: LuvToysVRE Internet LLC&nbsp; 2325 W. Midway Blvd Broomfield, CO 80020 customerservice@luvtoys.com
ABOUT US
At LuvToys our top priority is providing exceptional service, unparalleled product selection, and lightning-fast delivery.  Our staff’s dedication to customer satisfaction is matched only by their tremendous depth of product knowledge.  Learn more about us ›
BROWSE
Whats New
Toys for Her
Toys for Him
Toys for Couples
Blog
NEED HELP?
Site Map
Advanced Search
Contact Us
FINE PRINT
Privacy Notice
Shipping & Returns
Conditions of Use
CONNECT WITH US
Like us on Facebook
Tool Custom Shop
© 2012 Magento Demo Store. All Rights Reserved.