https://mistressrage.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Who I am
My website address is: http://www.mistressrage.com and my email address is Info@MistressRage.com
What personal data I collect and why I collect it
Comments
User comments are not enabled, therefore no data is collected in this respect.
Cookies
Cookies are used on this site to let me know which of my pages are visited most often, whether someone is a spammer or hacker, from which country you are visiting, and which browser you are using to access my site. These cookies do not give me any identifiable personal information on you and are only used to help me keep a targeted website.
Who I share your data with
Nobody!
When you sign up for my updates, your email address is kept on file so you can receive said newsletter/blog update. I, Mistress Rage, am the only person who has access to this information. It is NEVER shared, rented, or sold. You can unsubscribe at any time. If you wish to unsubscribe you can do so using the links included in the newsletter/blog post or you can email me at Info@MistressRage.com and I can delete the information for you.
When you send me an email, I am the only person who sees or has access to the information you have provided. I never share your email address with ANYONE unless you have paid me to “expose” it on my site. Otherwise, your email is only kept long enough to allow me to address whatever you have inquired about. After that it is deleted from my email server.
My contact information
Info@MistressRage.com
How I protect your data
What data breach procedures I have in place
My website is protected with security features through my website host as well as through the website itself. My site is monitored 24/7 by security software to keep hackers out.
What third parties we receive data from
Currently none.
Subscribe to My Mailing List
Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. No spam ever!
Join 2,402 other subscribers
Email Address
Other Stuff:Links
Privacy Policy
Copyright 2020 Mistress Rage