http://ourplace4fun.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
London's Friendliest Swingers Club
Home
Club Nights
Tues – Butterfly Club
Fridays – Frisky Fridays
Sexy Saturdays – Cloud 9 Swingers Party
Sundays – Cockatoo Club
1st Thursday – Glam Events
3rd Thursday of Month- Fetish Event
Gallery
Club Rules / Info
Club Rules
FAQ
Testimonials
Membership Registration
Couples & Single Females Registration
Single Male Registration
Couples ‘Try b4 U Bi” Registration – Sundays Only
Transgender Registration
Who we are
Our website address is: http://ourplace4fun.com.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Our Place 4 Fun recognised that the privacy of your personal information is important.  Here is information on the types of peronal information received and collected when you use and visit this site and how your information is safeguarded.  Your personal information is never sold to third parties.
Log Files
As with most other websites,  Our Place 4 Fun collects and uses data contained in log files.  The information in the log files include your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider).  The browsers you used to visit our site, the tie you visited our site and which pages you visited through our site.
Cookie Policy For Our Place 4 Fun
Cookies are small files that are stored on a server and help to ensure that this site runs smoothly. Some cookies stored serve a function and are required in order to make this website work and provide a smooth user experience. You may have seen cookies before – they’re used for convenience as they retain user preferences. This means that they store useful information, such as your name and address when shopping online and your log-in details for social media sites.
They also provide anonymous tracking data to third party applications such as Google Analytics. Google Analytics is a website that allows me, the website owner, to check my website’s performance. In terms of audience and popularity. It shows me information like what percentage of my audience is male or female, how many people have visited my site, what country they live in and if they’re regular visitors. This information is invaluable for me as it helps me to carry on creating the best possible content that’s relevant to my readers. Once again, this data is collected anonymously.
However, you do have the choice to opt out of using cookies. Although cookies are designed to give the reader the best possible user experience, it is possible to deny their use. The easiest and most effect way to do this is to disable cookie usage on your browser.
HOW TO DISABLE COOKIES ON YOUR BROWSER
INTERNET EXPLORER
Click the three dots in the top right hand side of your screen. Choose ‘settings’ from the menu and click ‘view advanced settings’. From here, scroll down to the ‘privacy and services’ section and you’ll be able to chose between blocking all cookies, blocking only third party cookies, or not blocking any cookies at all.
GOOGLE CHROME
Click the three dots in the top right hand corner and select ‘settings’ from the menu. From here, scroll to the bottom of the page and click ‘advanced’. In the ‘privacy and security’ section, find the option for ‘content settings’. From here you can toggle on and off several features, including cookies.
MOZILLA FIREFOX
Click on ‘Tools’, then ‘Options’ and select ‘Privacy and Security’. From here you can toggle on and off many different features, including what sites you wish to allow the use of cookies on, how long to keep them for and manage your existing cookies.
By continuing to use this website and having cookies enabled, you are consenting to their use.
CONSENT
By using our website, you hereby consent to our policies and agree to their terms.
For any questions about this blog or our policies please contact us.
×
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkNoPrivacy policy
Revoke cookies