https://saafe.info/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Who we are
Our website address is https://saafe.info – see the main page for more information.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
The main SAAFE.info site
No posts or pages currently allow comments. In the unlikely event that changes, when visitors leave comments on the site we would collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor's IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
You would also be able to opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in 'cookies', small text files stored on your computer. These would be for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
We would never use Gravatar because it's a privacy nightmare: unless you upload a picture to their service, the one it generates comes from processing your email address so you can see that someone with the same email address posted on two different sites that do use it. Sigh.
The SAAFE forum
Registered users supply an email address. If you used one that could be linked to you by anyone else, change it to one that can't, even though it is not public.
As with most other websites, cookies are used to save your logged in status. These can be deleted and the only effect will be that if your session hasn't already expired, you will need to login again.
In general
We want to collect as little personal data as possible. It is not shared with any third parties.
In addition to what's mentioned above, we collect IP address of visitors and, where applicable, the website they came from ('referer data'). This is used by automated software to block addresses that attempt to hack the website as well as monitor legitimate use in aggregated form (a fancy way of saying every access is looked at together, rather than looking to see what individual IP addresses do). It is not combined with other data (e.g. email addresses).
We recommend using your browser's 'private' or 'incognito' windows to view the site as this should automatically remove any cookies when you close them as well as not save your visit in the browser's history.
How long we retain your data
Undeleted posts and comments and their metadata are retained indefinitely so they can be displayed.
Logs of visitor IP addresses are kept for no more than a month, with the exact length of time depending on how busy the site is.
Those of (typically automated) attackers are kept for at least a month so that repeat offenders can be blocked from visiting the site.
What rights you have over your data
If have ever registered, you can see what personal data we hold about you by looking at your profile. You can erase the data by deleting your account after optionally removing any posts it made.
If you haven't, we probably don't hold any.
Our contact information
You can email us at the protonmail.com mail account saafe. We do not guarantee to respond and email to the account may be publicly pilloried if, in our judgement, it is sufficiently bad.