http://suicidegirls.com/legal/#privacy
Login
Forgot Password?
OR
Login with Google
Login with Twitter
Login with Facebook
SEE THE
SG APP!
The World Famous SuicideGirls is intended for Adult audiences and should only be viewed by people over the age of 18.
By entering SuicideGirls you are declaring that you have read and agreed to our Terms and Conditions and our Privacy Policy.
The images on the SuicideGirls site are intended for individual use only. Any other use or reproduction, digital or conventional, without the express written consent of SG Services, Inc. is strictly prohibited. Violators will be pursued and prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law. All models are 18 and older.
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Custodian Of Records (18 U.S.C. Section 2257)
Terms and Conditions
SUICIDEGIRLS TERMS OF USE AND SERVICE
INTRODUCTION
Welcome to SuicideGirls!
SuicideGirls provides its services to Users subject to the following terms of use and service (the "TOS").
DEFINITIONS
The following definitions apply to the TOS.
The terms "User" means any person or entity that (a) downloads, attempts to download or otherwise utilizes any uniform resource locator ("URL") that resides entirely upon a server owned or operated by SuicideGirls; (b) Transmits electronic mail, files or other data transmission, information or other matter onto any network owned or operated by SuicideGirls or onto the Site (whether via private Transmission or public upload posting); (c) is linked to a URL resource owned or operated by SuicideGirls; and (d) contacts, accesses or views SuicideGirls or the Site, whether through the use of any telecommunications network or otherwise.
The term User includes a Subscriber.
The term "Subscriber" means a User who pays a fee (determined from time to time by SuicideGirls in it's sole discretion) and is granted access to certain areas of the Site only after successfully completing login protocols established from time to time by SuicideGirls, including without limitation, through the use of an approved User name and password.
The term "Content" means all data, text, software, music, sound, photographs, graphics, video, messages or other information or materials of any kind.
The term "Services" means all resources (including Content) provided via or available on the Site at any time, including without limitation, and by way of example only, a User's ability to (i) access or view Content, and to login into the Site as a Subscriber and create or change such Subscriber's Registration Data (defined below); (ii) communicate with the Site and other Users via the Site (including without limitation the ability to download or upload Content or other information or material, post messages and participate in groups or forums); and (iii) shop or utilize other available services, including authorizing charges to such User's credit or debit card, checking account or telephone invoice in order to make purchases or pay subscription fees related to the Site.
The term "Site" means the website www.suicidegirls.com.
The term "SuicideGirls" is an assumed business name of SG Services, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. Without limiting the foregoing, for the purposes of the TOS, SuicideGirls means SG Services, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.
The term "Transmit" or "Transmission" means when a User uploads, posts, e-mails, transmits or otherwise makes available (directly or indirectly, by act or omission) or communicates any Content or other information or material to the Site, or through such means utilizes a Service available on or through the Site.
The term "Pornographic" means still photography or video footage that contains depictions of sexual acts such as vaginal, anal or oral penetration or other sexually explicit acts.
ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS
The Services and Content are provided to each User subject to the TOS, which may be revised, changed, altered or updated from time to time without notice by SuicideGirls, in SuicideGirls' sole discretion.
The most current version of the TOS will always be located and displayed on the Site.
The TOS also includes any other guidelines, rules or notices posted elsewhere on the Site, including, without limitation and by way of example only, information included in the part of the Site called "THE FAQ", "Hookup" or "Groups".
When a User accesses or uses any part of the Site, such User agrees to the terms and conditions of the TOS.
AGE AND LEGAL ACCESS CERTIFICATION
By accessing or using the Site, the User certifies that User is eighteen (18) years of age or older (21 years of age in certain locales) (and in any event, User is at least the age of consent (or older) in the jurisdiction from which the Site is being viewed or accessed); that User is
familiar with the laws in User's area affecting User's legal right to access the Site or to access erotica or adult-oriented materials; that User has the legal right to such materials and that SuicideGirls has the legal right to display or make such materials available to the User; that the User is requesting such materials for the User's own private enjoyment; and, that the User will not, by action or inaction, directly or indirectly, share such materials with or make such materials available to a minor in any manner whatsoever.
REGISTRATION OBLIGATIONS AND SECURITY
In consideration of User's access to or use of the Site (whether as a Subscriber, guest or otherwise), the User agrees to: (a) provide true, accurate, current and complete information about the User as prompted by the SuicideGirls' registration and profile date forms, or any other questionnaire or information input format, which requests information from or about User, and (b) maintain and promptly update such information to keep it true, accurate, current and complete (collectively, such information is sometimes referred to as the "Registration Data").
Without limiting any other matter contained herein, a User's access to or use of the Site may be suspended or terminated (without cost to SuicideGirls and without obligation for reimbursement of any fees previously paid by a Subscriber to SuicideGirls) for such User's failure to provide or maintain true, accurate, current and complete Registration Data as provided in the TOS.
Each Subscriber is responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of any Subscriber login user name and password (or other identifying information).
Each Subscriber is solely responsible for all activities that occur under the Subscriber's login user name or password, and neither the login user name nor password may be assigned or transferred to any other person or entity, voluntarily or involuntarily, by operation of law or otherwise, without the express prior written consent of SuicideGirls, which consent may be withheld in SuicideGirls' sole discretion.
Each Subscriber agrees immediately to notify SuicideGirls of any unauthorized use of such Subscriber's name or password, and each User agrees immediately to notify SuicideGirls of any unauthorized use any other breach of security with respect to the Site known by such User.
CONDUCT
User acknowledges and understands that all Content a User Transmits to the Site, whether publicly posted on the Site or privately Transmitted onto or via the Site, is not reviewed or pre-screened by SuicideGirls and is the sole responsibility of such User from whom such Content originates or is uploaded.
This means that the User, and not SuicideGirls, is responsible for all Content that the User Transmits onto or via the Site, whether or not displayed ultimately on the Site.
Therefore, SuicideGirls does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of Content Transmitted to the Site by a User, nor does SuicideGirls make any representation or other warranty with respect to such Content.
Without limitation, and by way of example only, Users may email to the Site calendar events.
SuicideGirls does not regularly, and may not ever, review the accuracy or consistency of such calendar events.
User understands and acknowledges that by viewing, using or accessing the Site, the User may be exposed to Content that may be considered or deemed offensive, indecent or objectionable.
User agrees to NOT use the Site to:
Transmit any Content that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, pornographic, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable;
harm minors or any person in any way;
impersonate any person or entity, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent User's affiliation with a person or entity;
forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any Content transmitted through the Site;
Transmit any Content that User does not have a right to Transmit, whether or not under any law, rule or regulation, or under contractual or fiduciary relationships;
Transmit any Content that infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights of any party;
Transmit any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, "junk mail," "spam," "chain letters," "pyramid schemes" or any other form of solicitation;
Transmit any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment;
interfere with or disrupt the Site or SuicideGirls or servers or networks connected to the Site or SuicideGirls, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the Site or SuicideGirls, or violate any terms contained in the TOS;
"stalk" or otherwise harass another; or
collect or store personal data about Users other than User.
download Content except as otherwise permitted under the TOS.
User acknowledges that (i) SuicideGirls or its designee has the right (but not the obligation) in its sole discretion to refuse, move or delete any Content that is Transmitted onto or made available via the Site, and (ii) that a User's Transmission of Content to the Site or SuicideGirls does not imply any promise or covenant on behalf of SuicideGirls that such Content will be displayed, nor does it imply any promise or covenant (except with respect to information submitted by a User necessary to process User authorized credit or debit card or checking account payment transactions (which will be handled by SuicideGirls in accordance with the security provisions contained in our Privacy Policy)) that such Content will not be displayed or made publicly available on the Site or intercepted or read by someone other than the intended recipient.
Under no circumstances will SuicideGirls be liable or responsible in any manner for any Content that SuicideGirls posts to the Site, including without limitation, any errors or omissions in any Content, or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of or reliance upon any such Content.
User agrees that User must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with the use of or access to any Content, including Content posted to the Site by SuicideGirls.
User acknowledges and agrees that SuicideGirls may preserve Content and may also disclose Content (including without limitation, Registration Data) if required to do so by law or if SuicideGirls believes that such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process; (b) enforce the TOS; (c) respond to claims that any Content violates the rights of third-parties; or (d) protect the rights, property or personal safety of the Site or SuicideGirls, its Users or the public.
User understands that the technical processing and Transmission of the Services or Content, may involve (a) transmission over various networks; and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices.
User agrees not to (and User agrees User has no right to) reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit for any purposes, any portion of the Site (including, without limitation, the Services or Content contained on the Site).
INTERNATIONAL USE
User agrees to comply with all local rules regarding online conduct and acceptable Content.
Specifically, User agrees to comply with applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country in which the User resides.
CONTENT SUBMISSIONS AND USE GUIDELINES
Except as otherwise provided by separate agreement between a User and SuicideGirls, SuicideGirls does not claim ownership of Content Transmitted by a User to the Site and displayed on the Site.
In it sole discretion, SuicideGirls may condition Site display of User Transmitted Content upon such User becoming a Subscriber.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, a User who successfully Transmits Content to the Site grants to SuicideGirls a perpetual, world-wide, royalty free, non-exclusive, irrevocable and fully sublicensable license to use, distribute, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, publicly perform and publicly display any or all Content so Transmitted and to incorporate such Content into other works.
User represents and warrant that with respect to any Content User Transmits, or causes to be Transmitted, to the Site, SuicideGirls has NOT hired, contracted for, managed or otherwise arranged for the participation of any performers depicted in such Content.
User acknowledges that SuicideGirls may establish general practices and limits concerning use of the Site.
Such practices and limits may include, without limitation, the maximum number of days that message board postings or other Transmitted Content will be retained by SuicideGirls on the Site, the maximum number of messages that may be Transmitted on the Site, the maximum size of any message that may be Transmitted on the Site, the maximum disk space that will be allotted on the Site's servers on a User's behalf and the maximum number of times (and the maximum duration for which) a User may access the Site in a given period of time.
User agrees that SuicideGirls has no responsibility or liability for the deletion or failure to store any messages and other communications or other Content maintained on, Transmitted to or downloaded from the Site.
Without limiting any other matter contained herein, User further acknowledges that SuicideGirls reserves the right to change these general practices and limits at any time, in its sole discretion, and with or without notice.
CUSTODIAN OF RECORDS
Without limiting any other matter contained herein, User represents and warrants that with respect to any Content a User has produced and Transmits to the Site which contains depictions of nudity or actual sexually explicit conduct, all persons who appear therein were 18 (eighteen) years of age or older at the time of the creation of such depictions.
Further, such User represents and warrants that with respect to the depictions described in the preceding sentence, true, correct and complete records required by 18 USC Section 2257 have been obtained and will be maintained by User in compliance with such law and will be provided to SuicideGirls promptly upon request by SuicideGirls.
With respect to visual depictions of actual sexually explicit conduct produced by and posted on the Site by SuicideGirls (other than depictions Transmitted by a User as described in the preceding sentence), records required by 18 USC Section 2257 are kept by the custodian of records, S. Mooney, at SG Services, Inc.
The custodian can be reached electronically at custodian@SuicideGirls.com or via mail at SG Services, LLC, 25 NW 23rd Pl., 6-395, Portland, OR 97210.
TRADEMARKS
SuicideGirls and the SuicideGirls logos are service marks and trademarks of SG Services, Inc. (dba SuicideGirls) and may be used publicly only with the express prior written consent and permission of SuicideGirls.
Other trademarks and service marks featured on the Site are displayed pursuant to licenses obtained from the owners or holders of those trademarks and service marks, and may not be used publicly without the express prior written consent and permission of the owners or holders of such trademarks and service marks.
COPYRIGHTS
Except for electronic messages, all Content and Services on the Site are protected by federal copyright laws and are protected under treaty provisions and worldwide copyright laws.
Content contained in any part of the Site may not be reproduced, copied, edited, published, transmitted, uploaded or downloaded in any way without the prior written consent and permission of SuicideGirls.
SuicideGirls does not grant any express or implied right to any third party (including without limitation Users), under any trademarks, service marks, copyrights or other proprietary information or rights.
LIMITED LICENSE AND ACCEPTABLE USE
SuicideGirls provides the Content and Services on the Site for the personal, non-commercial use by viewers, fans, visitors, Users, Subscribers or potential Subscribers of SuicideGirls.
Users of the Site are granted a single, personal, non-transferable license to download (on a single computer only) one copy of any of the Content found on the Site made available for downloading for personal, non-commercial use only. SuicideGirls reserves the right to limit the amount of Content downloaded.
Commercial use or exploitation of the Content on the Site, or any portion thereof, is strictly prohibited.
In addition, Users of the Site may not:
(1) modify any of the Content found in any area of the Site; (2) use any of the Content found in any area of the Site for any public display, performance, sale or rental; (3) remove, modify or alter any copyright or other proprietary notice or trademarks from any of the Content found in any area of the Site; (4) otherwise Transmit any Content located in any area of the Site to any other person or entity, including posting to newsgroups or public forums; (5) rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute or create derivative works based on the Content or any portion thereof posted on the Site, or the software or techniques used in connection with the Site; or (6) modify the software and techniques used in connection with the Site.
SuicideGirls reserves the right to terminate this license at any time if a User breaches or violates any provision of the TOS, in which case such User will be obligated to immediately destroy any Content information or materials User has downloaded or otherwise copied from the Site.
SuicideGirls reserves all other rights coincident or related to the Site.
The use of download managers, for example Gozilla, Wget, HTTrack, or others - to download more than one (1) image or movie file at a time, which is available for download, is strictly prohibited and will result in termination of a Users right to access any portion of the Site.
DISCLAIMER
SITE CONTENT AND SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND ON AN "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS.
SUICIDEGIRLS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
SUICIDEGIRLS OFFERS NO ASSURANCE OF UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE CONTENT OR SERVICE, CONTINUED OPERATION OF THE SITE OR PROTECTION FROM DELETION, MISDELIVERY OR FAILURE TO STORE INFORMATION, INCLUDING USER COMMUNICATIONS AND PERSONALIZATION SETTINGS.
SUICIDEGIRLS DOES NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE CONTENT OR SERVICES CONTAINED ON THE SITE.
SUICIDEGIRLS MAY CHANGE ANY OF THE CONTENT OR INFORMATION DISPLAYED OR LOCATED OR FOUND AT THE SITE AT ANY TIME WITHOUT NOTICE.
SUICIDEGIRLS MAKES NO COMMITMENT TO UPDATE THE CONTENT OR INFORMATION FOUND AT OR DISPLAYED OR LOCATED OR FOUND ON THE SITE.
IN NO EVENT SHALL SUICIDEGIRLS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF INFORMATION) ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITE OR ITS CONTENT OR SERVICES, EVEN IF SUICIDEGIRLS HAS BEEN ADVISED OF SUCH DAMAGES.
BECAUSE SOME JURISDICTIONS PROHIBIT THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO A USER.
TERMINATION AND ACCESS RESTRICTION
SuicideGirls reserves the right, in its sole discretion and without notice to User, to terminate a User's access to the Site (or any portion thereof) and to remove from the Site and discard any Content (including without limitation Content a User Transmits to the Site).
SuicideGirls may also terminate or suspend a User's access to the Site for inactivity, which is defined as failing to log into a particular service for an extended period of time, as determined by SuicideGirls, in it sole discretion.
In the event of the suspension or termination of a User's access to the Site (or any portion thereof), User's right to use the Site (or any portion of which User access has been terminated) and to access any Content or Services contained thereon will immediately cease.
Any such termination or suspension may be implemented without notice to User.
NO SPAM
SuicideGirls may, in its discretion, terminate Site access of any User that SuicideGirls believes, in its sole discretion, is Transmitting or is otherwise connected with any spam or unsolicited bulk e-mail.
In the event a User's access is terminated for the reason described in the preceding sentence, and because damages are often difficult to quantify in such circumstances, if actual damages cannot be reasonably calculated, then User agrees to pay SuicideGirls liquidated damages equal to $5 for each piece of spam or unsolicited bulk e-mail Transmitted from or otherwise connected with such User's access to or use of the Site; otherwise, User agrees to pay SuicideGirls actual damages, to the extent such actual damages can be reasonably calculated.
A printed version of the TOS and any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings to the same extent as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form.
ACCOUNTS ARE NOT INTENDED FOR COMMERCIAL USE
The contact form, comment forms and all areas of member publishing is intended for personal use only. Members may not use these features to advertise other websites or products, or solicit members or models on the site for any commercial endeavors. SuicideGirls may, in its discretion, terminate Site access of any User that SuicideGirls believes, in its sole discretion, is posting or is otherwise connected with any commerical soliciting of models or members or unsolicited advertising. In the event a User's access is terminated for the reason described in the preceding sentence, and because damages are often difficult to quantify in such circumstances, if actual damages cannot be reasonably calculated, then User agrees to pay SuicideGirls liquidated damages equal to $25,000 for each instance of solicitation or advertising from or otherwise connected with such User's access to or use of the Site; otherwise, User agrees to pay SuicideGirls actual damages, to the extent such actual damages can be reasonably calculated. A printed version of the TOS and any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings to the same extent as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form.
LINKS TO THIRD-PARTY SITES
The Site may contain links to sites that are controlled by third parties. Those linked sites are not controlled by SuicideGirls and User acknowledges that SuicideGirls is not responsible for the content of any such linked site or any link contained in a linked site.
SuicideGirls provides such links only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by SuicideGirls of any linked site.
JURISDICTION AND VENUE
This Site is owned and operated by SuicideGirls doing business in Hollywood, California.
SuicideGirls make no representation that any of the Content or Services available on the Site is appropriate or available for use in other locations.
The TOS is governed and construed by California law, without regard to conflicts of law provisions.
In the event of a dispute arising out of or relating to the TOS, or a User's use of or access to the Site, any suit must be brought in state or federal court in the County of Los Angeles, State of California and User agrees to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of such courts located in such county.
INDEMNIFICATION
Each User indemnifies and holds SuicideGirls, and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, shareholders, employees, agents, co-branders or other partners, harmless from and against any and all demands, claims, losses or damages, including reasonable attorneys' fees at trial and on appeal, related to or arising out of such User's (i) Transmission of Content to or through the Site (and whether or not such Content displayed or made available on the Site), at any time, (ii) use of or access to the Site, (iii) connection to the Site, (iv) breach of any representation, covenant or warranty contained in the TOS, or (v) violation of any rights of another.
NOTICES
Notices by SuicideGirls to Users may be given by means of electronic messages or by a general posting on the Site.
Notices by Users to SuicideGirls must be given by e-mail or regular mail, postage prepaid at the following address: SG Services, LLC, 25 NW 23rd Pl., 6-395, Portland, OR 97210.
Any question, complaint or notice to SuicideGirls by means of e-mail must be sent to help@SuicideGirls.com.
SERVICES FOR CUSTOMERS AND MODELS
SuicideGirls allows Subscribers to transmit data to various financial networks and telecommunication networks for settlement.
In order to enroll in such services, the Subscriber must (i) be at least 18 years of age; (ii) populate every field on every form presented to User with accurate data; (iii) have a valid e-mail address; and (iv) agree to be bound by the TOS or any other agreement governing User's use of the service or particular resource described in the preceding sentence.
User's failure to populate every field may result in User's waiver of certain rights under the TOS or other applicable agreements.
To be paid out through SuicideGirls, information such as name, email address, and banking information will be collected and shared with third parties. You expressly authorize SG Services, LLC. service provider, Dwolla, Inc., to originate credit transfers to your financial institution account. The user's name, email address, and banking information will be collected and shared with third parties
Credit/Debit Card Authorization:
By submitting credit or debit card ("Bank Card") data to SuicideGirls, User authorizes SuicideGirls in its sole discretion to submit financial transactions to such User's issuing bank for settlement.
User agrees that once SuicideGirls has approved or declined the User's transaction, SuicideGirls has fully performed under the terms of the TOS or other applicable agreements.
Each User who authorizes payment of a recurring charge (including without limitation subscription fees payable by a Subscriber) by Bank Card agrees to contact SuicideGirls in the event such User desires to cancel any such recurring charge, all within ten (10) days prior to the next billing cycle.
Should User fail to contact SuicideGirls within such time frame, User agrees to indemnify and hold SuicideGirls harmless from any losses or damages that User suffers as a result of such recurring charge.
If a User believes that there is an error on User's Bank Card statement arising from or related to a transaction authorized by User, including an incorrect amount or unauthorized transaction reflected on User's Bank Card statement or transaction summary, User agrees to contact SuicideGirls within the time periods set below.
Upon proper notification, SuicideGirls, in its sole discretion, may issue a credit to User's Bank Card:
United States Issued Bank Cards-- within 120 days of the transaction.
International Issued Bank Cards-- within 180 days of the transaction.
Yearly memberships are processed through MerCarSe, and can be contacted at the following address: Unit 12 Gamma Comercial Complex #47 Rizal Cor Manila Avenue, Subic Bay Freeport Olongapo City, Philippines.
ACH Debit Authorization
By submitting a User's checking account data to SuicideGirls, User authorizes SuicideGirls in its sole discretion to submit financial transactions to such User's depository bank for settlement.
User agrees that once SuicideGirls has approved or declined the User's transaction, SuicideGirls has fully performed under the terms of the TOS or other applicable Agreement.
Each User who authorizes payment of a recurring charge (including without limitation subscription fees payable by a Subscriber) by checking account agrees to contact SuicideGirls in the event such User desires to cancel any such recurring charge, all within ten (10) days prior to the next billing cycle.
Should User fail to contact SuicideGirls within such time frame, User agrees to indemnify and hold SuicideGirls harmless from any losses or damages that User suffers as a result of such recurring charge.
If a User believes that there is an error on User's checking account statement arising from or related to a transaction authorized by User, including an incorrect amount or unauthorized transaction reflected on User's checking account statement or transaction summary, User agrees to contact SuicideGirls within two (2) business days after learning of such error. Upon proper notification, SuicideGirls, in its sole discretion, may issue a credit to User's checking account.
Our ACH processor is WTS and can be reached at:
WTSeticket.com 800-975-5616
MISCELLANEOUS
The TOS contains the entire understanding between the User and SuicideGirls regarding the subject matter of the TOS, superseding all prior or contemporaneous communications, agreements and understandings between the User and SuicideGirls.
The TOS is binding on and inures to the benefit of the parties, their legal representatives, successors and assigns; provided, however, that neither the TOS, nor any rights granted hereunder, may be assigned, transferred, conveyed or encumbered by User without the prior written consent of SuicideGirls, which consent may be withheld in SuicideGirls' sole and arbitrary discretion.
If any provision or clause of the TOS, or any portion thereof, is held by any court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, void or unenforceable in such jurisdiction, the remainder of such provisions shall not thereby be affected and shall be given full effect, without regard to the invalid portion. The TOS is neither intended to, nor shall it be construed as creating, a joint venture, partnership or other form of business association between SuicideGirls and any User.
If any suit or action is filed by any party to enforce the TOS or otherwise with respect to the subject matter of the TOS, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover reasonable attorney fees incurred in preparation or in prosecution or defense of such suit or action as fixed by the trial court, and if any appeal is taken from the decision of the trial court, reasonable attorney fees as fixed by the appellate court.
NOTICE OF COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT
SuicideGirls honors and respects the intellectual property rights of others and requires that User do the same. As noted above, User may not upload, embed, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any Content that infringes any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, publicity, privacy or other proprietary rights of any entity or person.
SuicideGirls operates a clear Copyright Policy in relation to any Content that is alleged to infringe any third party's copyright(s). SuicideGirls policy is set forth here: Copyright Policy.
If you assert that any User-posted Content violates your copyright, please follow the applicable procedures for reporting claims of infringement as detailed in our Copyright Policy.
As part of our Copyright Policy, in appropriate circumstances and at our sole discretion, SuicideGirls will terminate or disable access of any User determined to be a repeat infringer. SuicideGirls further reserves the right, at our sole discretion, to terminate or disable the account of any User who infringes the copyright or other intellectual property rights of third parties, regardless of whether such User is deemed to be a repeat infringer.
SuicideGirls is unable to mediate or resolve trademark disputes between User and any trademark owner. SuicideGirls encourages trademark owners to resolve any dispute directly with User.
Privacy Policy
SUICIDEGIRLS PRIVACY POLICY
INTRODUCTION
Welcome to SuicideGirls!
Please read our Privacy Policy to understand how we collect and use the information you send us.
DEFINITIONS
The following definitions apply to the Privacy Policy.
The terms "User" means any person or entity that (a) downloads, attempts to download or otherwise utilizes any uniform resource locator ("URL") that resides entirely upon a server owned or operated by SuicideGirls; (b) Transmits electronic mail, files or other data transmission, information or other matter onto any network owned or operated by SuicideGirls or onto the Site (whether via private Transmission or public upload posting); (c) is linked to a URL resource owned or operated by SuicideGirls; and (d) contacts, accesses or views SuicideGirls or the Site, whether through the use of any telecommunications network or otherwise.
The term User includes a Subscriber.
The term "Subscriber" means a User who pays a fee (determined from time to time by SuicideGirls in it's sole discretion) and is granted access to certain areas of the Site only after successfully completing login protocols established from time to time by SuicideGirls, including without limitation, through the use of an approved User name and password.
The term "Content" means all data, text, software, music, sound, photographs, graphics, video, messages or other information or materials of any kind.
The term "Services" means all resources (including Content) provided via or available on the Site at any time, including without limitation, and by way of example only, a User's ability to (i) access or view Content, and to login into the Site as a Subscriber and create or change such Subscriber's Registration Data (defined below); (ii) communicate with the Site and other Users via the Site (including without limitation the ability to download or upload Content or other information or material, post messages and participate in groups or forums); and (iii) shop or utilize other available services, including authorizing charges to such User's credit or debit card, checking account or telephone invoice in order to make purchases or pay subscription fees related to the Site.
The term "Site" means the website www.suicidegirls.com.
The term "SuicideGirls" is an assumed business name of SG Services, Inc., an Oregon corporation.
Without limiting the foregoing, for the purposes of the TOS, SuicideGirls means SG Services, Inc., an Oregon corporation.
The term "Transmit" or "Transmission" means when a User uploads, posts, e-mails, transmits or otherwise makes available (directly or indirectly, by act or omission) or communicates any Content or other information or material to the Site, or through such means utilizes a Service available on or through the Site.
PRIVACY POLICY
What kind of information does SuicideGirls collect?
SuicideGirls receives and stores information a User sends to us.
When a User becomes a Subscriber, SuicideGirls obtains and retains the
Registration Data.
When a User requests pages from the Site's server, the Site Web server automatically collects some information about such User, including the User's IP addresses.
SuicideGirls collects information regarding a User's use of the Site through the use of cookies.
If a User sends the Site or SuicideGirls personal correspondence, such as e-mails or letters, SuicideGirls may collect such information in a file specific to that User.
SuicideGirls may maintain a record or notes of communications with a User regarding use of or access to the Site, and that compilation of records or notes may include information SuicideGirls receives from other sources.
All of the information listed in the preceding sentences of this paragraph is sometimes referred to as "Customer Information".
Who sees a User's Customer Information?
SuicideGirls does not distribute, rent or sell Customer Information to third parties, other than (i) with the User's consent (including, for example, when a User Transmits for public display on the Site Customer Information, or a portion thereof) or (ii) as otherwise permitted by the TOS.
Can I access or control the Information stored by SuicideGirls?
You may contact us at any time via help@suicidegirls.com or 323-667-9000 and request any of the following:
A copy of the information we have on file about you
Change/correct any data we have on you
Have us delete any personal data we have on you
Express any concern you have about our use of your data
How does SuicideGirls use Customer Information?
SuicideGirls uses Customer Information as necessary to facilitate a User's viewing of the Site and to communicate with the User.
SuicideGirls also uses Customer Information to compile broad demographic and Site usage information about the Site Users, for its internal business use, but such compilations generally do not contain anything that could be used to identify a User personally.
A User will not receive any e-mail from SuicideGirls unless the User has requested it and a User can indicate at any time that the User does not wish to receive e-mails information from SuicideGirls.
How secure is a User's Customer Information?
SuicideGirls takes reasonable precautions to maintain the security of Customer Information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (e.g, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers on which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
SuicideGirls may buy other businesses or sell portions of its own business, and Customer Information may be a transferred asset, subject to any then existing Privacy Notice.
The site's advertisers may engage in the collection of non-personally identifiable information about end users by third parties through the use of cookies and pixel tags; Users are able to opt out of behavioral targeting through the opt-out link located at http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp; and SG are participating in the Digital Advertising Alliance's (DAA) Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising, with the provision an "Ad Choices" link on your site or within advertising units that links to http://www.aboutads.info/choices/.
The site may integrate software from third parties for security purposes (such as, but not limited to, Google reCAPTCHA), that collect information about users which may be subject to those third parties' own Privacy Policies. Information collected by reCAPTCHA is held in accordance with the Google Privacy Policy. The Site utilizes GeoLite2 data created by MaxMind, available from
https://www.maxmind.com.
Do Not Track Browser Setting:
At this time, SuicideGirls does NOT follow the DNT setting.
Your Payment information:
SuicideGirls itself does not process credit cards, and does not collect or store complete credit card information. We rely on trusted third-party payment processors, providers, and gateways to process transactions for our website. We do not have access to your complete credit card information.
To be paid by SuicideGirls
To be paid out through SuicideGirls, information such as name, email address, and banking information will be collected and shared with third parties. You expressly authorize SG Services, LLC. service provider, Dwolla, Inc., to originate credit transfers to your financial institution account. The user's name, email address, and banking information will be collected and shared with third parties.
Changes to this Privacy Policy:
SuicideGirls reserves its right, at its sole and absolute discretion, to revise, amend, modify or revoke this Privacy Policy at any time and in any manner to the fullest extent permitted by law. Changes to any part of this Policy will be effective by posting revisions directly to this Privacy Policy.
If you have any questions about the Privacy Policy, please email help@suicidegirls.com
Effective date: September 1, 2001
Custodian of Records
All persons who appear in any visual depiction contained on SuicideGirls were 18 (eighteen) years of age or older at the time of the creation of such depictions. The records required by Section 2257 of Title 18 of the United States Code with respect to visual depictions of actual sexually explicit conduct are kept by the custodian of records, S. Mooney at SG Services, LLC, 25 NW 23rd Pl., 6-395, Portland, OR 97210. The custodian can be reached electronically at custodian@suicidegirls.com.
The operator of SUICIDEGIRLS.COM adopts the following Section 2257 Records Keeping Disclosure Statement for depictions found on this site subject to statutory compliance:
Compliant Content: All models, actors, actresses and other persons that appear in any visual portrayal of actual or simulated sexually explicit conduct depicted on this Website are required to be over the age of eighteen (18) years at the time the visual image was produced. Records mandated for all depictions of actual or simulated sexually explicit conduct required by Title 18 U.S.C. §§2257 & 2257A and 28 C.F.R. §75, et seq., are on file with the appropriate Records Custodian and will be made available to authorized inspectors at the following address:
24325 Main St. #204 Newhall, CA 91321
The operator of SuicideGirls.com adopts the following Section 2257 Records Keeping Exemption Statement for depictions found on this site exempt from statutory compliance:
Exempt Content: All other visual depictions displayed on this Website are exempt from the provision of 18 U.S.C. §§2257, 2257A and/or 28 C.F.R. §75, because: 1) they do not portray conduct as specifically listed in 18 U.S.C §2256 (2)(A) (i) through (iv); 2) they do not portray conduct as specifically listed in 18 U.S.C. §2257A produced after March 19, 2009; 3) they do not portray conduct listed in 18 U.S.C. §2256(2)(A)(v) produced after March 19, 2009; 4) the visual depictions were created prior to July 3, 1995; or, 5) the website operator does not act as a “producer” with respect to the dissemination of such exempt images as that term is defined in 28 C.F.R. §75.1(c).
The title of this work is: SUICIDEGIRLS.COM
Search
Press enter to search
Fast
Hi-res
TIP
+ Buy Print
Join Now! Members see even more...
Crop your photo
Save Photo