http://support.bustyamateurboobs.com/privacy.php
Dn&sEL NMBeHdkiDay Support Center
Support Menu
Support Home
Contact Support
Login Problems
Cancel Membership
Password Lookup
Video Assistance
Billing Questions
Needed Software
Technical Help
Give Feedback
F.A.Q.
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Statement
Copyright Statement
Disclaimer
2257
Privacy Notice:
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your personal information is collected and used. A link to this notice can be found on every page and website within our network.
The Information We Collect:
Each time you visit any one of the
DPEt pMPunlItYiEmUeQdRijaF BLxttdi.y
websites, we will collect your host / IP address, cookies, and a record of the website which referred you.
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on
DPEt pMPunlItYiEmUeQdRijaF BLxttdi.y
operated websites. On some pages, you can order products/subscriptions, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
First Name:
Last Name:
Address:
E-mail address:
Phone number:
State/Province:
Country:
We DO NOT collect billing information, such as credit card numbers.
The Way We Use Information:
DPEt pMPunlItYiEmUeQdRijaF BLxttdi.y
collects account registration information on its web site. This is done to help us provide our visitors and clients with the best service and with valuable information regarding relevant products and services from
DPEt pMPunlItYiEmUeQdRijaF BLxttdi.y
and appropriate third parties.
DPEt pMPunlItYiEmUeQdRijaF BLxttdi.y
is always dedicated to protecting personal information and will make every reasonable effort to handle collected information appropriately. All relevant information collected, as well as related requests, will be handled as carefully and efficiently as possible in accordance with
DPEt pMPunlItYiEmUeQdRijaF BLxttdi.y
's standards for integrity and objectivity.
Our Commitment To Data Security:
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Have a question? Contact Support!
What can we help you with today?
Support Home
Contact Support
Login Problems
Cancel Membership
Password Lookup
Video Assistance
Billing Questions
Needed Software
Technical Help
Give Feedback
F.A.Q.
Our Websites
Adult Doorway
Facial Abuse®
The Handjob Site
The Pantyhose Site
Busty Amateur Boobs
Joe The Pervert
Pink Kitty Girls
Club Amber Rayne
Nasty Little Facials
Hardcore Doorway
Latina Abuse
Sperm Suckers
Anal Recruiters
Fuck Me POV
Her First Porn
Huge Rubber Dicks
Lesbians Love Sex
Sexy Suck Jobs
Monster Cock Madness
Amateur Throats
Ghetto Doorway
Ghetto Gaggers®
Ebony Cum Dumps
POV Hotel
Porn Addict
Black on Black Crime
Black Payback
Radical Jizzlam
More sites cumming soon...