https://sweet-n-nasty.com/returns-policies
Returns & Policies
Returns
We cannot accept returns on edibles and since all our chocolate is quite edible (and delicious) you should order with care. You won’t be sorry!
Gift Shipments
First, how thoughtful of you to send chocolate….you must be very popular! Because you are so nice we will gladly throw in a free gift card, just tell us what you want to say…we’ve heard it all so don’t be shy. It will be packed nice and pretty and sent without prices.  Just make sure the lucky recipient will be available to receive the goodies. If the package is returned and we have to reship  then you’ll have to pay shipping again and we hate when that happens!
Allergy Warning
Please do not order our chocolate if you have a food allergy. Such a shame because you’re missing out on some good stuff but we do make everything in our state of the art, immaculate kitchen where there are nuts.  Oh and we also bake with nuts sometimes too!
Shipping
Our chocolates are so fresh you might get slapped!  They are also made fresh to order but we still try to ship out within 48 hours of receiving your order. We ship priority, insured mail and orders usually arrive within 3 business days from the time they are shipped. We can’t guarantee this so don’t hold your breath.  If you need faster, guaranteed delivery….please call us ASAP and we’ll quote you a FedEx price. 617-266-7171. The shipping rate includes tracking and insurance. Orders over $100 order ship for free…it’s the least we can do!
Privacy Policy
Changes to this privacy policy shall be posted on this web site.
Sweet-N-Nasty.com has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this web site.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our website. Your IP address is used to help identify your shopping cart.
This web site uses cookies to assign a unique customer number to your computer. This cookie is not used for any other purpose than to identify you when you visit.
This web site uses an order form for customers to request products. We collect the customer’s contact information (name, address, phone, and email address, as well as any necessary shipping information) while the financial information (credit card number and expiration date) are collected via SSL encrypted secure server at Authorize.net, our online credit clearing house.
Contact information from the order form is used to send orders to our customers or the designated ship-to party. The customer’s contact information is used solely for the purpose of shipping the merchandise ordered, and it is never divulged to any third party.
Financial information from the order form is used to bill the user for products. It is not retained, and it is not used for any other reason.
Security Policy
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Our site uses Authorize.net to provide a safe, convenient and secure payment system for Internet consumers.
Your credit card information is protected by a sophisticated system of 128 bit encryption, combining DES private-key and RSA public-key encryption technologies.