http://terms.smsinfo.io/tc.php?id=798705
Terms & Conditions
What are your mobile terms?
When you provide us with your mobile phone number, you agree that our organization may send you text messages (including SMS and MMS) to that phone number. Our organization may send you up to 4 messages per month. You will receive a confirmation text message, and you may need to reply as instructed to complete registration. Message and data rates apply. Reply STOP to cancel, HELP for help. You agree to receive a final text message confirming your opt-out. You may opt-out at any time by texting the word STOP to shortcode +18079078202. For help, send a text message with the keyword HELP to shortcode +18079078202. Texts may be sent through an automatic telephone dialing system. Consent is not required to purchase our goods or services. You agree to notify us of any changes to your mobile number and update your account us to reflect this change. Your carrier may prohibit or restrict certain mobile features and certain mobile features may be incompatible with your carrier or mobile device. Contact your carrier with questions regarding these issues.
How do I sign up for these text messages?
All you have to do is text "stag" to +18079078202. (Up to 4 messages a month, message and data rates may apply, and you can always text HELP for help & STOP to cancel.) When you opt-in to the service, we will send you an SMS message to confirm your signup.
If at any time you forget what keywords are supported, just text HELP to +18079078202. After you send the SMS message HELP to us, we will respond with instructions on how to use our service as well as how to unsubscribe.
How do I opt out of these text messages?
You can cancel the SMS service at any time. Just text STOP to +18079078202. After you send the SMS message STOP to us, we will send you an SMS message to confirm that you have been unsubscribed. After this, you will no longer receive SMS messages from us. If you want to join again, just sign up as you did the first time and we will start sending SMS messages to you again.
Will I be charged for the text messages I receive?
Our organization will never charge you for the text messages you receive however standard message and data rates may apply for any messages sent to you from us and to us from you. You will receive up to 4 messages per month. If you have any questions about your text plan or data plan, it is best to contact your wireless provider. For all questions about the services provided through the number +18079078202, you can send an email to info@slicktext.com.
Supported wireless carriers
United States
We are able to deliver messages to the following mobile phone carriers: Major carriers: AT&T, Verizon Wireless, Sprint, T-Mobile, MetroPCS, U.S. Cellular, Alltel, Boost Mobile, Nextel, and Virgin Mobile. Minor carriers: Alaska Communications Systems (ACS), Appalachian Wireless (EKN), Bluegrass Cellular, Cellular One of East Central IL (ECIT), Cellular One of Northeast Pennsylvania, Cincinnati Bell Wireless, Cricket, Coral Wireless (Mobi PCS), COX, Cross, Element Mobile (Flat Wireless), Epic Touch (Elkhart Telephone), GCI, Golden State, Hawkeye (Chat Mobility), Hawkeye (NW Missouri), Illinois Valley Cellular, Inland Cellular, iWireless (Iowa Wireless), Keystone Wireless (Immix Wireless/PC Man), Mosaic (Consolidated or CTC Telecom), Nex-Tech Wireless, NTelos, Panhandle Communications, Pioneer, Plateau (Texas RSA 3 Ltd), Revol, RINA, Simmetry (TMP Corporation), Thumb Cellular, Union Wireless, United Wireless, Viaero Wireless, and West Central (WCC or 5 Star Wireless).
Canada
Bell (including NorthernTel, Solo Mobile, and Telebec), Fido, MTS, Rogers, SaskTel, Telus (including Koodo Mobile and Public Mobile), Videotron, Virgin Mobile, and Wind.
***This service and the carriers are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages***
Privacy policy
Our organization is dedicated to protecting your privacy and work hard to ensure our website, and services are both safe and secure for our visitors, clients, and subscribers.
Protection of Information
Any information communicated to our organization for text messaging and or storage will remain in the ownership of the user, which will be stored securely in accordance with our security policy and the law. Our organization will take the necessary steps to secure your personal information with safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the information. Our organization will, at no time, rent or redistribute this information without your consent, except where legally required to do so.
Subscribing and Unsubscribing
It is policy, that just as a user must opt in to a text marketing list, they have the right to opt out of a particular text marketing list as well. When a user opts out of a text marketing list, they will no longer receive any texts unless they, themselves,
re-subscribe.
Limits On Our Abilities
Even though your privacy is of the utmost importance to us, due to standing legalities, we cannot promise that personal information will not be divulged to third parties in ways not explained by this privacy policy. Furthermore, we can (and you give us permission to) divulge any information about you to private entities, law enforcement or other government officials, as we, in our sole vigilance, believe needed to address and/or answer questions or resolve problems.
Our organization reserves the right to change this privacy policy at its discretion. Your continued use of this service after changes to this privacy policy have been posted is taken as acceptance of those changes. It is your responsibility to monitor the privacy policy to determine whether any changes have been made. This privacy policy is subject to and applicable to all privacy laws.
You acknowledge that accepting this privacy policy is a condition of your relationship with our organization and its services and you agree to be bound by all of its terms and conditions.