https://the-gallery.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Home About Mission and StatementOpen Gallery SubscribeInner CircleRates & PrivacyInterview and Training Recruitment FormConcierge ServicesHow to book
Privacy policy
We are the oldest Escort Agency in London still operating, we regard our clients' confidentiality and personal information very highly. We take your privacy rights very seriously, and will ensure the highest standards of compliance with GDPR and UK Data Protection Laws and Regulations. We are dedicated to gathering and using personal information responsibly and only to the extent needed for the services we provide. This page describes our tantric massage privacy policy.
Privacy and professionalism
We understand that any gentleman value confidentiality and discretion, when booking a companion through an escort agency. Respecting our client’s privacy is a vital part of creating a successful client/agency relationship, built on trust and loyalty. We are proud to be London’s most reliable agency! You can always trust on us to behave in the most professional manner, at all times.
How do we maintain your privacy?
We highly regard our client’s confidential personal contact details, such as name, email address, home address, contact number and status. Many of our clients include celebrities, politicians, royalty and athletes. So we understand the importance of privacy and discretion at all times. We will never release client details to any third party, unless we are legally required to do so.
Staff confidentiality
All our telephone operators are experienced and trained to maintain a high level of client confidentiality and privacy. All the client/booking manager conversations made either by digital means or verbally, are fully confidential. The ladies we represent, are not only beautiful, charming and intelligent – they are also required to be discreet.
Protecting our models
The safety of our models is a high priority for us. We expect our customers to treat our staff with respect and courtesy. Should a client breach our respectful behaviour policy, they will be suspended from using our services.
Superior customer care
If you wish to discuss any aspect of bookings privacy policy further, we will be happy to address your concerns. The Gallery has a proven track record in protecting the privacy and confidentiality of our clients. We have longstanding relationships with our customers,  built on loyalty and respect. As the No1 London tantric massage brand, we are committed to building strong client relations.  Ensuring our customers return to us time and time again.
Scroll To Top