https://the-gallery.co.uk/rates-privacy/
Skip to content
Home About Mission and StatementOpen Gallery SubscribeInner CircleRates & PrivacyInterview and Training Recruitment FormConcierge ServicesHow to book
Luxury Escorts Companions in London
Back in the 90's and the early 20’s, The Gallery offered a visual demonstration of our models through printed pictures at our agency headquarter in South Kensington, London. Now is no different; we have modernised our services but we still wish  to portray  our models fairly and honestly and that is why our platform includes recent photographs showing their body types, statistics and a brief personal interview because we understand the importance of you knowing exactly what to expect on your date. You can also watch their GIF videos, all playable directly from within your browser. No other agency offers such comprehensive visual tools.
We provide a platform to promote our models for their skills in providing the best companion, and nothing more. Above all, you should not take the services offered on this website as an invitation for sex. The models we represent have all given their full consent to appear on our platform and are of certified age of consent. Feel free to  Contact us for more information.
Fees
and
Payments
The ladies we represent are professional models and their rates are not negotiable. We do not haggle over fees. Our premium companions use their assets and skills as do all professional service providers such as accountants and solicitors. The only circumstances under which negotiation may take place is in the case of long bookings which exceed the time periods given on the site. If you are planning a weekend, trip or longer booking, contact us to discuss rates.
Their fee will be disclosed in their profiles from 1 hour appointment. Each premium model's fee is her own, Please contact us to quote for dinner dates and trips. The model's fee will vary depending on who she is and for for how long she is booked for. The Gallery luxury escort agency accepts direct transfer prior your time with your elite London escort date.
An additional transport fee will apply for all meetings involving travel outside of area 1 in London. We can also arrange incall services throughout London. For payments in other currencies we use this currency converter plus 10% to cover the exchange fees http://www.xe.com/CurrencyConverter/
High Class Travel Companions
Please contact us for quotations, packages and recommendations.Â Your account may be settled by credit card payment (passport ID required), or via direct bank transfer prior your appointment. We offer a client's account for our VIP clients, which prefer to deduct from their account every time an appointment is settled, in this manner, they evening can feel like an authentic date with a girlfriend, not a paid traditional escort situation. Trips requires at least 50% of their fee in advance plus travel expenses and other 50% once meeting your companion at destination. Contact us about our Premium Membership, whereby you utilise your retainer credit against model fees.
Scroll To Top