https://the-gallery.co.uk/terms-conditions/
Skip to content
Home About Mission and StatementOpen Gallery SubscribeInner CircleRates & PrivacyInterview and Training Recruitment FormConcierge ServicesHow to book
Terms and conditions
The Gallery is a high-class booking escort agency which enables independent escorts to use hour platform and our agents to arrange dates with a gentleman that are willing to pay for their companionship.
Data Protection:
We will never ever contact you unless you contact us. We take the privacy of our clients very seriously. For example, If for some reason you contacted us late night and you haven’t heard back from us in the following minutes, we won’t contact you back the following day. The answer to your message or eventual missed call must be answered in a 15 minutes frame, maximum delay, otherwise, none operator from The Gallery will contact you back until you contact us again. All our operations are in house for data protection. Your data will be held safely with us in our offices and any operator will take your data outside of our headquarters.
Booking policy:
All the escorts that use The Gallery platform are independent professionals and responsible to clarify with the gentleman in person, at the beginning of the encounter, her boundaries, limitations as well all the talents she has to offer. We are just a booking agency the arrange the dating appointments. Everything else that happens between the gentleman (or couple) and the escort, is completely their responsibility. The customer that arranges an appointment with one of our escorts, agreed to respect and follow their instructions.
Cancelation Policy:
We understand that plans can change and unforeseen events happen. However, we do require to be informed as soon as possible in case of cancelation. Contacts will be blocked and banned Indefinitely from our data base In case of non-attendance without previous notice.
Payments:
You can pay in cash directly your escort at the beginning of your appointment. Alternatively, you can pay via bank transfer, credit card using the PayPal payment system (4% surcharge using PayPal) directly with one of our The Gallery operator, using your own remain credit held in your client's account and in some cases by credit card – Any suspicious name won’t appear on your bill. For further information about payments, please contact our operators.
Payment with another currency:
Yes you can still book if the currency is exchangeable. This is a request that it must be discussed prior your appointment. Just explain to one of our operators and we will help you with the exchange rate.
Misconduct:
Escorts that are not complying with our standards will be removed from our books, to ensure a reliable service to our clients.
To ensure a high standard quality The Gallery doesn’t tolerate misconduct from any party. Clients that are not respectful and legitim, with the escorts or with our services, will be banned and blocked from our data based. Requesting the escort’s phone number is also considered a misconduct.
Disclaimer:
All escorts in The Gallery are above 18 years old proved by documentation.
All the escorts in The Gallery, are drug-free and have entered our agency voluntarily without any pression for third parties. They are completely responsible about the  decision to become an escort and they are completely independents.
We have express consent to use their pictures to promote them in our platform
By entering our website and by using our services, you must be 18 years old and you agree to not use any promotional material from the website or from any escort for any other purpose less than chose your companionship.
You cannot use, copy or distribute any material sent via phone or downloaded from the website without The Gallery consent.
Booking with us means that you have agreed and understoodThe Gallery Policy
Scroll To Top