http://tour.diapergal.com/pages.php?id=privacy
Click here to replay the video
Click Here for Purchase Options
You have ##freepreviews## free previews remaining.
Click Here for Purchase Options
Home
Videos
Photos
Models
MEMBERS
Join Now
WELCOME TO OUR BRAND NEW WEBSITE
Established since 1999
Privacy Policy
This website is committed to maintaining the confidentiality of its members and the information collected from them.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect and why we collect it.
SUMMARY
This website collects statistics about your visit such as which of the pages you viewed.3rd parties like Twitter, Tumblr and Facebook may know you visited this website if you use their services.If you sign up to this website, we take great care to keep your information safe and do not share it with others without your express permission.Your data is never shared with 3rd parties except to help us deliver our own services.If you need more specifics, they are outlined as follows.
MEASURING VISITORS
We primarily use the Google Analytics service to track visitors to this website. This records what pages you view within this website, how you arrived at this website and some basic information about your computer. All of that information is anonymous so we don't know who you are; just that somebody visited our site.
The information we collect from analytics helps us understand what parts of our sites are doing well, how people arrive at our site and so on. Like most websites, we use this information to make our website better.
You can learn more about Google Analytics or opt out if you wish.
SOCIAL NETWORKS
Services such as Twitter, Tumblr and Facebook, provide social buttons and similar features which this website uses on the website by embeding code that they provide and that this website does not control.
To function, these buttons generally know if you're logged in; for example Facebook uses this to say "x of your friends like this". This website does not have any access to that information, nor can this website control how those networks use it.
IF YOU SIGN UP FOR A SERVICE
When you sign up for any of our services, we will record specific personal information about you such as your name and email address.
We will also collect and store information about your use of our services so as to improve them. For example, we keep a log of what features are being used at any time.
We also log account and transaction history for accounting purposes, and to monitor our business activities.
EMAILS
We may send you email notifications regarding your service (such as invoices) or which you have specifically requested (such as newsletters). You have the ability to opt out of any of this communication at any time.
We will never provide your personal information or email address to any third parties except where they are specifically employed to help deliver our own services.
ONLINE PAYMENT
We use a variety of payment providers to bill for our products online. These companies will have access to your personal and payment information. When paying by credit card, debit card and other means, this website themselves do not ever have any access to your billing details.
The third parties we use are Epoch, Verotel and Paypal all of which are to process credit cards, debit card and other means and for recurring payments.
We share information with these companies only to the extent necessary for the purposes of processing payments you make via our website.
SECURITY
This website takes many precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information including:
Use of SSL encryption for sensitive dataServer hardware is stored in secured data centres behind firewallsAll access to information restricted by password and/or secure keyRestrictions to what information can be accessed via any locationWhile this website takes great care to ensure any confidential information remains protected this website cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the Internet.
DATA RETENTION AND DELETION
This website keeps your personal identifiable information only as long as it's required or a maximum of 180 days in order to provide you with any services you have requested, as required for any legal obligations and resolving disputes, and as required to maintain the performance of this website and/or to make data driven business decisions about current and new features and/or potential offerings.
If you request it, this website will delete your personal identifiable information unless it's required due to legal circumstances which may include such things as:
Where it's required for legal, tax, audit and accounting obligations, the data will be retained for any period required by applicable law.If you have an active account or there are unresolved issues or a dispute about your account, the data will be maintained until any issues are resolved.Where it's necessary for legitimate business interests such as fraud prevention and/or to maintain the security of our users and the site.
COOKIES
To allow this website to work properly, we sometimes place small data files called cookies on your device in the same way most big websites do.
What are cookies?
A cookie is a small text file that a website saves on your computer or mobile device when you visit the site. It enables the website to remember your actions and preferences (such as login, language, font size and other display preferences) over a period of time, so you don't have to keep re-entering them whenever you come back to the site or browse from one page to another.
How do we use cookies?
Track visitors to the siteSave certain preferences/settingsHow to control cookies
You can control and/or delete cookies as you wish. For details, see aboutcookies.org. You can delete all cookies that are already on your computer and you can set most browsers to prevent them from being placed. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and some services and functionalities may not work.
ANY QUESTIONS?
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or your personal data, please contact us using the details on the contact page.
JOIN DIAPERGAL NOW AND GET ACCESS TO ALL CONTENT
Newsletter