http://usedmagazines.com/privacy.shtml
Privacy Policy and Conditions of Use
Conditions of Use
Welcome to USEDmagazines.com. USEDmagazines.com and its affiliates provide their
services to you subject to the following conditions. If you visit or
shop at USEDmagazines.com, you accept these conditions. Please read them
carefully. In addition, when you use any current or future USEDmagazines.com
service (e.g., Pic Post & Favorites, Electronic Greeting Cards and Auctions)
or visit or purchase from any business affiliated with USEDmagazines.com,
whether or not included in the USEDmagazines.com website, you also will be
subject to the guidelines and conditions applicable to such service or
business.
PRIVACY
USEDmagazines.com knows that you care how information about you is used and
shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and
sensibly. This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting
USEDmagazines.com, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy
Notice.
What Personal Information About Customers Does USEDmagazines.com
Gather?
The information we learn from customers helps us personalize and
continually improve your shopping experience at USEDmagazines.com. Here are the
types of information we gather.
Information You Give Us: We receive and store any information
you enter on our website or give us in any other way. You can choose not to
provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take
advantage of many of our features. We use the information that you
provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, customizing
future shopping for you, improving our website, and communicating with
you.
Automatic Information: We receive and store certain types of
information whenever you interact with us. Unlike many websites, we do
not use "cookies". Cookies are a small alphanumeric file kept on your computer
that helps websites keep track of what you see and do on their websites.
We reserve the right to begin the use of cookies at any time without notice,
but it is our stated intention not to use them. We obtain certain types of
information when your Web browser accesses USEDmagazines.com. There are
websites that offer utilities designed to help you visit websites anonymously,
we want you to be aware that these tools exist.
E-mail Communications: To help us make e-mails more useful
and interesting, we may receive a confirmation when you open e-mail
from USEDmagazines.com if your computer supports such capabilities.
Customer Information from Other Sources: For reasons such as
improving personalization of our service (for example, providing better product
recommendations or special offers that we think will interest you), we
might receive information about you from other sources and add it to our
account information. We also sometimes receive updated delivery and
address information from our shippers or other sources so that we can
correct our records and deliver your next purchase or communication more
easily.
Does USEDmagazines.com Share the Information It Receives?
Information about our customers is an important part of our business,
and we are not in the business of selling it to others. We share customer
information only with the subsidiaries USEDmagazines.com, controls and as
described below.
Affiliated Businesses We Do Not Control: We work closely with
our affiliated businesses. In some cases, these businesses operate
catalogues or webpages at USEDmagazines.com or sell offerings to you at USEDmagazines.com.
In other cases, we operate websites, provide services, or sell product lines
jointly with these businesses. You may not be able to tell when another business
is involved in your transactions, and we share customer information related
to those transactions with that business.
Agents: We employ other companies and individuals to perform
functions on our behalf. Examples include fulfilling orders, delivering
packages, sending postal mail and e-mail, removing repetitive
information from customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing
assistance, processing credit card payments, and providing customer
service. They have access to personal information needed to perform
their functions, but are not authorized to use it for other purposes.
Promotional Offers: We do not send promotional offers.
We reserve the right to send offers to selected
groups of USEDmagazines.com customers on behalf of other businesses. If and when
we do this, we will not give that business your name and address.
Business Transfers: As we continue to develop our business,
we might sell or buy websites, stores or assets. In such transactions, customer
information generally is one of the transferred business assets. Also,
in the unlikely event that USEDmagazines.com, or substantially all of its
assets are acquired, customer information will of course be one of the
transferred assets.
Protection of USEDmagazines.com and Others: We release account and
other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to
comply with law enforcement agencies requests or other governmental authorities.
We will contact law enforcement agencies to protect the rights, property, or
safety of USEDmagazines.com, our users, or others. This includes exchanging
information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection
and credit risk reduction.
With Your Consent: Other than as set out above, you will
receive notice when information about you might go to third parties, and
you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.
How Secure Is Information About Me?
We work to protect the security of your information during
transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which
encrypts personal information you input.
We reveal only the last four digits of your credit card number when
confirming an order. Of course, we transmit the entire credit card
number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing.
Children
USEDmagazines.com does not sell products to children. We may sell
products suitable for children but they are to be purchased by adults.
If you are under 18, you may not use any of the adult areas of USEDmagazines.com
and you may not make any purchase.
COPYRIGHT
All content included on this website and affiliated website(s), such as
text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, video clips,
animation, live video feeds, recorded video, audio, digital downloads,
data compilations, presentations, all transmissions, agreements
and software, is the property of USEDmagazines.com or its content suppliers
and protected by United States and International Copyright Laws. The
compilation of all content on this website is the exclusive property of
USEDmagazines.com and protected by U.S. and International Copyright Laws. All
software used on this site is the property of USEDmagazines.com or its software
suppliers and protected by United States and International Copyright Laws.
LICENSE AND SITE ACCESS
USEDmagazines.com grants you a limited license to access and make personal
use of this site and not to download (other than page caching) or modify it,
or any portion of it, except with express written consent of USEDmagazines.com.
This license does not include any resale or commercial use of this site or
its contents; any collection and use of any product listings,
descriptions, or prices; any derivative use of this site or its contents;
any downloading or copying of account information for the benefit of
another merchant; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data
gathering and extraction tools. This site or any portion of this site may
not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise
exploited for any commercial purpose without express written consent of
USEDmagazines.com. You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any
trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text,
page layout, or form) of USEDmagazines.com and our affiliates without express
written consent. You may not use any meta tags or any other "hidden text"
utilizing USEDmagazines.com's name or trademarks without the express written
consent of USEDmagazines.com. Any unauthorized use terminates the permission or
license granted by USEDmagazines.com. You are granted a limited, revocable, and
nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to the home page of USEDmagazines.com so
long as the link does not portray USEDmagazines.com, its affiliates, or their
products or services in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise
offensive matter. You may not use any USEDmagazines.com logo or other proprietary
graphic or trademark as part of the link without express written
permission.
YOUR ACCOUNT
If you use this site, you are responsible for maintaining the
confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to
your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities
that occur under your account or password or control. USEDmagazines.com does sell products
suitable for children, but it sells them to adults, who can purchase with a credit
card or other means. If you are under 18, you may not use or visit any of the adult
areas of USEDmagazines.com and you may not make a purchase.
USEDmagazines.com
and its affiliates reserve the right to
refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel
orders in their sole discretion.
REVIEWS, COMMENTS, COMMUNICATIONS, AND OTHER CONTENT
Visitors may post reviews, comments, and other content; send e-cards
and other communications; and submit suggestions, ideas, comments,
questions, or other information, so long as the content is not illegal,
obscene, threatening, defamatory, invasive of privacy, infringing of
intellectual property rights, or otherwise injurious to third parties or
objectionable and does not consist of or contain software viruses,
political campaigning, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass
mailings, or any form of "spam." You may not use a false e-mail address,
impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the origin of
a card or other content. USEDmagazines.com reserves the right (but not the
obligation) to remove or edit such content, but does not regularly review
posted content.
If you do post content or submit material, and unless we indicate
otherwise, you grant USEDmagazines.com and its affiliates a nonexclusive,
royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sublicensable right to
use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works
from, distribute, and display such content throughout the world in any
media. You grant USEDmagazines.com and its affiliates and sublicensees the right
to use the name that you submit in connection with such content, if they
choose. You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of
the rights to the content that you post; that the content is accurate;
that use of the content you supply does not violate this policy and will
not cause injury to any person or entity; and that you will indemnify
USEDmagazines.com or its affiliates for all claims resulting from content you
supply. USEDmagazines.com has the right but not the obligation to monitor and
edit or remove any activity or content. USEDmagazines.com takes no responsibility
and assumes no liability for any content posted by you or any third party.
COPYRIGHT COMPLAINTS
USEDmagazines.com and its affiliates respect the intellectual property of
others. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that
constitutes copyright infringement, please contact us immediately.
RISK OF LOSS
All items purchased from USEDmagazines.com are made pursuant to a shipment
contract. This means that the risk of loss and title for such items pass
to you upon our delivery to the carrier.
PRODUCT DESCRIPTIONS
USEDmagazines.com and its affiliates attempt to be as accurate as possible.
However, USEDmagazines.com does not warrant that product descriptions or other
content of this site is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or
error-free. If a product offered by USEDmagazines.com itself is not as described,
your sole remedy is to return it in the same condition as purchased.
OTHER BUSINESSES
Parties other than USEDmagazines.com and its subsidiaries operate stores,
provide services, or sell product lines on this website. In addition, we
provide links to the sites of affiliated companies and certain other
businesses. We are not responsible for examining or evaluating, and we do
not warrant the offerings of, any of these businesses or individuals or
the content of their websites. USEDmagazines.com does not assume any
responsibility or liability for the actions or inactions, product, and content of all
these and any other third parties. You should carefully review their
privacy statements and other conditions of use.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
THIS SITE IS PROVIDED BY USEDmagazines.com ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE"
BASIS. USEDmagazines.com MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THIS SITE OR THE INFORMATION,
CONTENT, MATERIALS, OR PRODUCTS INCLUDED ON THIS SITE. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE
THAT YOUR USE OF THIS SITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, USEDmagazines.com DISCLAIMS
ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
USEDmagazines.com DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THIS SITE, ITS SERVERS, OR E-MAIL SENT
FROM USEDmagazines.com ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.
USEDmagazines.com WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM THE
USE OF THIS SITE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES.
CERTAIN STATE LAWS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR
THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO
YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS, OR LIMITATIONS MAY
NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MIGHT HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS.
APPLICABLE LAW
By visiting USEDmagazines.com, you agree that the laws of the State of
Georgia, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern
these Conditions of Use and any dispute of any sort that might arise
between you and USEDmagazines.com or its affiliates.
DISPUTES
Any dispute relating in any way to your visit to USEDmagazines.com or to
products you purchase through USEDmagazines.com shall be submitted to
confidential arbitration in DeKalb County Georgia, except that, to the
extent you have in any manner violated or threatened to violate
USEDmagazines.com's intellectual property rights, USEDmagazines.com may seek
injunctive
or other appropriate relief in any state or federal court in the State of
Georgia, and you consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in such
courts. Arbitration under this agreement shall be conducted under the
rules then prevailing of the American Arbitration Association. The
arbitrator's award shall be binding and may be entered as a judgment in
any court of competent jurisdiction. To the fullest extent permitted by
applicable law, no arbitration under this Agreement shall be joined to an
arbitration involving any other party subject to this Agreement, whether
through class arbitration proceedings or otherwise.
WEBSITE POLICIES, MODIFICATION, AND SEVERABILITY
We reserve the right to make changes to
our website, policies, and these Conditions of Use at any time. If any of
these conditions shall be deemed invalid, void, or for any reason
unenforceable, that condition shall be deemed severable and shall not
affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining condition.
USEDmagazines.com
Used Magazines LLC
Atlanta, Georgia
ALTERNATIVE MENU
<-=-=- Please Choose One -=-=->
ALTERNATIVE MENU
our FLASH introduction ~ includes the ability to add the FLASH plug-in.
Adult Magazines
-=-> ADULTS ONLY <-=-
Rare Adult Magazines
-=-> ADULTS ONLY <-=-
. . . . . . . . . . . . Automotive Magazines
Gay Adult Magazines
-=-> ADULTS ONLY <-=-
. . . . . . . . . . . . Other Magazines
games
-=-> both Java and Javascript are necessary - have fun <-=-
send us e-mail
main page
USEDmagazines.com
is a cookie free website.
Copyright
Used Magazines LLC
1999 - 2017
All rights reserved
Designated trademarks and brands are of their respective owners.
Use of this website constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy.