https://videocanada.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how VideoCanada.com uses and protects any information that you give VideoCanada.com when you use this website. VideoCanada.com is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. VideoCanada.com reserves the right to change this privacy policy from time to time as it sees fit; therefore, we may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should review this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests, browsing history on our site
other information relevant to customer surveys,customer orders, website performance, statistics, reviews, and/or offers
cookies - read below (how we use cookies)
We may gather certain information automatically and store it in log files
This may include internet protocol (IP) addresses, date/time stamp, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), and other information which is related to website performance and statistics.
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customize the website according to your interests.
We may divulge your information when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or to protect our rights. We may also divulge your information to our suppliers, our payment processors (example: credit card charge back reasons etc.), our server host and or hosting company, website developers/maintainers and or programmers who are working on work or tasks related to our site, postal transport and courier companies, other companies or people we do business with or work with, and if legally required to do so. We may also divulge your information to appropriate authorities, including but not limited to government authorities.
If we are involved in an acquisition, merger, or sale of this website and/or our company, you may be notified via email and/or by a notice posted on this website of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as of any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We may use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This may help us analize data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Security
At checkout, our orders are being processed through Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology. While we take precautions to protect our customers information, please remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure; therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. Please note that the security of your personal information is very important to us. Rest assured that your order is being processed through Secure Sockets Layer technology (SSL).
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at sales@VideoCanada.com. You can also ask us to delete your online account at any time by emailing  sales@videocanada.com
MY ACCOUNT
About us
Contact us
My Account
Order history
Advanced search
Login
Info
Shipping Information
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
VideoCanada.com Guarantee
Returns & Exchange
FAQ
All prices in Canadian dollars. Shipping within Canada Only. Adults Only (18+) - Terms of Use. If you are under 18 years old (21 years old in some states) you are to exit this website immediately. All models were 18+ at time of filming as represented by our suppliers. Custodian of Records. © 2020 VideoCanada.com. All Rights Reserved.