http://wasteland.com/privacy-wasteland.html
Wasteland, Inc Privacy Policy
Last Updated: December 31, 2019
This site is wholly-owned by WASTELAND, Inc.
Preamble and General Principles
The following information is designed to help you understand how we collect, use, disseminate and safeguard the information you provide to us while accessing and using our Site. If you do not agree with our information practices, please do not access or use our Site. By accessing and using our Site, you signify your assent to this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy describes how our company and all of its properties operated under these names, hereinafter known as "WASTELAND," collects information from all end-users of WASTELAND's Internet services (the "Services") - those who access some of our Services but do not have accounts ("Visitors") as well as those who pay fees to gain access to the Service ("Members") - what we do with the information we collect, and the choices Visitors and Members ("Users") have concerning the collection and use of such information. WASTELAND requests that you read this Privacy Policy carefully.
Revisions to this Policy
WASTELAND reserves the right to revise, amend, or modify this policy and our other policies and agreements at any time and in any manner. The user should periodically check for any modifications of this Policy by re-visiting this web page and using the "refresh" button on the user's browser. The user should note the date of last revision to this Policy, which appears at the top of this Policy. If the "last modified" date remains unchanged after the user has clicked the "refresh" button on his/her browser, the user may presume that no changes have been made since the last reading of the policy. A changed "last modified" date indicates that this Policy has been updated or edited, and the updated or edited version supersedes any prior versions immediately upon posting.
Personal Information WASTELAND Collects and How It Is Used
WASTELAND collects information in different ways from Visitors and Members who access the various parts of our Services and the network of Web sites accessible through our Service. We use this information primarily to provide a customized experience as you use our Services and, generally, do not share this information with third parties. However, we may disclose personal information collected when we believe that such disclosure is required by law.
Registration:
Members are asked to provide certain personal information when they sign up for our Services including name, address, billing information (such as a credit card number), and email adress. The personal information collected from Members during the registration process is used to manage each Member's account (such as for billing purposes). This information is collected by our credit card processors, and is not shared with third parties, unless specifically stated otherwise or in special circumstances.
Online Advertisements
WASTELAND displays online advertisements. We are not affiliated with these third-party websites and are not responsible for their use of information.
Responses to Email Inquiries
When Visitors or Members send email inquiries to WASTELAND's websites, the return email address is used to answer the email inquiry we receive. WASTELAND does not use the return email address for any other purpose and does not share the return email address with any third party.
Voluntary Customer Surveys
We may periodically conduct both business and individual customer surveys. We encourage our customers to participate in these surveys because they provide us with important information that helps us to improve the types of services we offer and how we provide them to you. Your personal information will remain strictly confidential, even if the survey is conducted by a third party. Participation in our customer surveys is voluntary.
Other Internet Data
WASTELAND also collects IP addresses, referral URLs, browser preferences, the user's registration forms, surveys, and communications transmitted through site applications. This information is used internally to track how users come to be referred to our Sites for the purpose of compensating our affiliates, advertisers, and other marketing entities. This information may be disclosed to third-parties. If we choose to disclose information to third-parties, this information shall consist of non-specific information regarding site traffic and statistics. WASTELAND never discloses any customer-specific information to third parties unless it is reasonable to believe that doing so is required by law, a binding contract, a Court Order, or other state, local, or administrative regulation.
As a service to our users we sometimes provide links to various third party web sites in our email communications. We are neither responsible for the content on nor for the information collection practices of such web sites, nor do we control the privacy policies of such web sites. Their policies may be substantially different in this regard from WASTELAND. We also use Google Analytics to collect basic usage data on our tour which does not capture any identifiable surfer information, but rather trafic volume, time spent on site, bounce rate and traffic vocume rankings by country of origin.
At times, WASTELAND may enter into co-branding arrangements with other companies, and if so, an opt-in or opt-out question may be present to allow email contact from these companies as well. Their opt-in/out features are specific to each organization, but you should not receive email from these organizations unless you have indicated that it is acceptable. Before consenting to receive email from third parties, you should read their privacy policy and terms of use, if applicable, to make sure you are comfortable dealing with that company. As you can understand, WASTELAND can not make commitments on behalf of other companies. All email from WASTELAND partners who gain your permission to send you commercial email, will include an opportunity to opt out of future communications.
Our Commitment to Children's Protection
Our sites are designed for adults, and not for use by anyone under the age of 18.
We have no Web pages designed for younger users. We make every effort to ensure that our Web sites contain adequate warnings to make their content obvious and to warn users under the age of 18 that they are not welcome to view our Web sites, we believe that there is no substitute for proper parental supervision of their children's internet use. Nevertheless, we will take any steps possible to discourage those under the age of 18 from visiting our Web sites.
If you choose to subscribe to one of WASTELAND's websites as a "Member," your name, email address, mailing address, credit card information, and IP address are stored by our billing company. This site is an external entity, and once this information is transmitted to them we are under no obligation to police their use of the information, and take no steps to do so. All of the aforementioned information, with the exception of your credit card information, is also stored on our servers.  If you wish to have your information completely removed from our servers, our fraud policies require that we maintain at least your customer name and minimal identifying information. All other information can be deleted.
WASTELAND's Commitment to Data Security
Services and Web sites we sponsor have security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. While we make every effort to ensure the integrity and security of our network and systems, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent third-party "hackers" from illegally obtaining this information. We take all reasonable measures to prevent such breaches of security, but given the resourcefulness of cyber-criminals we are unable to guarantee that our security is 100% breach-proof. You assume the risk of such breaches to the extent that they occur despite our reasonable security measures.  In the event of a breach, you will be notified immediately.
CALIFORNIA CONSUMER PRIVACY ACT (CCPA)
Under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) you have the right to request that The Phoenix Group disclose the following to you:
- Categories of personal information that The Phoenix Group has collected about you in the past 12 months.
- Categories of sources from which your personal information is collected.
- Business or commercial purpose for collecting your personal information.
- Categories of third parties with whom The Phoenix Group shares your personal information.
- Specific pieces of personal information The Phoenix Group has collected about you; and,
- Whether or not your personal information has been sold.
Any disclosure we provide will cover personal information that The Phoenix Group has collected from you in the 12 month period immediately preceding the date we receive your request. We will attempt to provide a response to your request within forty-five (45) days. If we need additional time to respond to your request, we will notify you of such an extension and the time period needed to respond (up to an additional 45 days).
You may exercise this right by emailing us at support@phoenixgrp.com If you have any questions please call us at 603-465-9088
Regarding "Do Not Track"
We do not currently recognize or respond to browser-initiated Do Not Track signals as there is no consistent industry standard for compliance.
GDPR PRIVACY POLICY FOR THE PHOENIX GROUP
At The Phoenix Group, accessible at Wasteland.com and our other properties, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by Website Name and how we use it.
If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us through email at support@phoenixgrp.com or calling 603-465-9088
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
We are a Data Controller of your information.
The Phoenix Group's legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Information we collect and the specific context in which we collect the information:
The Phoenix Group needs to perform a contract with you You have given The Phoenix Group permission to do so Processing your personal information is in The Phoenix Group legitimate interests
The Phoenix Group needs to comply with the law The Phoenix Group will retain your personal information only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our policies.
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. If you wish to be informed what Personal Information we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.
In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:
The right to access, update or to delete the information we have on you.
- The right of rectification.
- The right to object.
- The right of restriction.
- The right to data portability
- The right to withdraw consent
The Phoenix Group follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit websites. All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services' analytics. The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users' movement on the website, and gathering demographic information.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Like any other website, Website Name uses cookies'. These cookies are used to store information including visitors' preferences, and the pages on the website that the visitor accessed or visited. The information is used to optimize the users' experience by customizing our web page content based on visitors' browser type and/or other information.
DoubleClick DART Cookie Google is one of a third-party vendor on our site. It also uses cookies, known as DART cookies, to serve ads to our site visitors based upon their visit to www.website.com and other sites on the internet. However, visitors may choose to decline the use of DART cookies by visiting the Google ad and content network Privacy Policy at the following URL
https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads.
Some advertisers on our site may use cookies and web beacons. Our advertising partners are listed below. Each of our advertising partners has their own Privacy Policy for their policies on user data. For easier access, we hyperlinked to their Privacy Policies below.
Google https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads
Privacy Policies
You may consult this list to find the Privacy Policy for each of the advertising partners of The Phoenix Group.
Third-party ad servers or ad networks uses technologies like cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons that are used in their respective advertisements and links that appear on Website Name, which are sent directly to users' browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. These technologies are used to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on websites that you visit. Note that The Phoenix Group has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
Third Party Privacy Policies
The Phoenix Group's Privacy Policy does not apply to other advertisers or websites. Thus, we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information. It may include their practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options. You may find a complete list of these Privacy Policies and their links here: Privacy Policy Links.
You can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options. To know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, it can be found at the browsers' respective websites.
Children's Information
Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.
The Phoenix Group does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
Online Privacy Policy Only
Consent
By using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its Terms and Conditions.
Where to Direct Questions about WASTELAND's Privacy Policy:
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the practices described herein, you may contact our Customer Service Department at support@wasteland.com or by calling 603-465-9088.