https://www.phoneflirts.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Menu
Call Lynnea
Caller Comments
Photo Gallery
Voice and Personality
Sexting
Phone Sex FAQ
Prices
Erotic Audio
Diary
Contact
Confessions
Little Miss Cock Tease
The First Time I Had Phone Sex
Public Cock Tease
$10 Phone Sex
Phone Sex Girls
Our Commitment to Privacy
Our Privacy Policy was developed as an extension of our commitment to combine the highest-quality service with the highest level of integrity in dealing with our clients and partners. The Policy is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect, use, and safeguard the personal information you provide to us and to assist you in making informed decisions when using our services. This statement will be continuously assessed against new technologies, business practices, and our customers’ needs.
What Information Do We Collect?
When you visit our Web site you may provide us with two types of information: personal information you knowingly choose to disclose that is collected on an individual basis and Web site use information collected on an aggregate basis as you and others browse our Web site.
1. Personal Information You Choose to Provide
Credit Card Information
If you choose to purchase services from us or our partners, you may need to give personal information and authorization to obtain information from various credit services. For example, you may need to provide the following information:
” Name
” Mailing address
” Email address
” Credit card number
” Home and business phone number
” Other personal information (Bank and Credit Card related)
Email Information
In addition to providing the foregoing information to our partners, if you choose to correspond further with us through email, we may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address and our responses. We provide the same protections for these electronic communications that we employ in the maintenance of information received by mail and telephone.
2. Web Site Use Information
Similar to other commercial Web sites, our Web site utilizes Web server logs to collect information about how our Web site is used. Information gathered through Web server logs may include the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, time spent at our Web site, and the Web sites visited just before and just after our Web site. This information is collected on an aggregate basis. None of this information is associated with you as an individual.
How Do We Use the Information That You Provide to Us?
Broadly speaking, we use personal information for purposes of administering our business activities, providing customer service and making available other services to our customers and prospective customers. Occasionally, we may also use the information we collect to notify you about important changes to our Website, new services and special offers we think you will find valuable. The lists used to send you service offers are developed and managed under our traditional corporate standards designed to safeguard the security and privacy of our customers’ personal information. As a customer, you will be given the opportunity, at least once annually, to notify us of your desire not to receive these offers.
Sharing Information with Affiliates
From time to time you may notice offers from outside companies advertised on our Web site. We take measures to select product or service providers that are responsible and afford privacy protections to their customers. However, we cannot make any representations about the practices and policies of these companies.
Notice of New Services and Changes
Occasionally, we may also use the information we collect to notify you about important changes to our Web site, new services and special offers we think you will find valuable. As our client, you will be given the opportunity to notify us of your desire not to receive these offers by clicking on a response box when you receive such an offer or by sending us an email request.
How Do We Secure Information Transmissions?
When you give confidential personal credit card information to us on over the telephone, a secure server software which we have licensed encrypts all information we input.
The email that you may send to us may not be secure unless we advise you that security measures will be in place prior to your transmitting the information. For that reason, we ask that you do not send confidential information such as Social Security or account numbers to us through an unsecured email.
How Do We Protect Your Information?
Information Security. We utilize encryption/security software to safeguard the confidentiality of personal information we collect from unauthorized access or disclosure and accidental loss, alteration or destruction.
Evaluation of Information Protection Practices. Periodically, our operations and business practices are reviewed for compliance with corporate policies and procedures governing the security, confidentiality, and quality of our information.
Contractor or Employee Access, Training and Expectations. Our corporate values, ethical standards, policies, and practices are committed to the protection of customer information. In general, our business practices limit contractor/employee access to confidential information and limit the use and disclosure of such information to authorized persons, processes and transactions.
Do We Disclose Information to Outside Parties?
We may provide aggregate information about our customers, sales, Web site traffic patterns, and related Web site information to our affiliates or reputable third parties, but this information will not include personally identifying data, except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy.
What About Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information?
We may disclose information when legally compelled to do so, in other words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it – or for the protection of our legal rights.
What About Other Web Sites Linked to Our Web Site?
We are not responsible for the practices employed by Web sites linked to or from our Web site nor the information or content contained therein. Often links to other Web sites are provided solely as pointers to information on topics that may be useful to the users of our Web site.
Please remember that when you use a link to go from our Web site to another Web site, our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. Your browsing and interaction on any other Web site, including Web sites which have a link on our Web site, is subject to that Web site’s own rules and policies. Please read over those rules and policies before proceeding.
Your Consent
By using our Web site you consent to our collection and use of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy for an adult phone sex entertainment service. If we change our privacy policies and procedures, we will post those changes on our Web site to keep you aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we may disclose it.
Legal Notices, Policies, TermsAdult Warning
Terms of Service
Company Policies
Privacy Policy
Copyright
2257
Company Contact
Hiring
Adult Entertainment PhoneFlirts.com is an Adult Entertainment company. Conversations are for Adult Entertainment Only
We do not service anyone under the age of 21. It is prohibited by state and federal laws and is subject to prosecution. We do not condone or discuss illegal activity. We do not offer panties or other lingerie since according to federal law they Constitute a biohazard. We do not accept cash in the mail or prepayments from NEW callers because we cannot verify your age. We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone... for any reason.
The Porn ListMastodon