http://www.69adulttoys.com/privacy-policy.html
FREE DOMESTIC SHIPPING on orders over $99
Holiday Sale going on now! USE CODE: HOLIDAY FOR 20% OFF your next order!
Help Links
Contact Us
Ordering
Shipping
Returns
Our Guarantee
FAQs
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The use of this site is governed by the policies, terms and conditions set forth below, please read them carefully. Your use of this site indicates your acceptance of these terms and conditions. Your placement of an order indicates your acceptance of these terms and conditions. Your submittal of any purchase order to 69 Adult Toys indicates acceptance of these terms and conditions. These terms and conditions shall supercede any subsequent terms or conditions included with any purchase order, whether or not such terms or conditions are signed by 69 Adult Toys. 69 Adult Toys reserves the right to make changes to this site and these terms and conditions at any time.
Copyright and Trademark Notice
This site is owned and operated by Effex Media LLC. Unless otherwise specified, all materials appearing on this site, including the text, site design, logos, graphics, icons, and images, as well as the selection, assembly and arrangement thereof, are the sole property of Effex Media LLC., Copyright © 2001-2003, ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. All audio and video clips are licensed by, or are the sole property of, Effex Media LLC. or their respective content providers. All software used on the site is licensed by, or is the sole property of, Effex Media LLC. or those vendors supplying the software. You may use the content of this site only for the purpose of shopping on this site or placing an order on this site and for no other purpose. No materials from this site may be copied, reproduced, modified, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any form or by any means without the prior written permission of Effex Media LLC. All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved. Any unauthorized use of the materials appearing on this site may violate copyright, trademark and other applicable laws and could result in criminal or civil penalties.
69 Adult Toys is a registered trademark, trademark or service mark of 69 Adult Toys. All custom graphics, icons, logos and service names are registered trademarks, trademarks or service marks of Effex Media LLC. All other trademarks or service marks are property of their respective owners. The use of any Effex Media LLC. trademark or service mark without the express written consent of Effex Media LLC. is strictly prohibited.
Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability as to Products Sold
All of products sold on 69 Adult Toys are guaranteed against defects for 30 days from the date of the invoice, subject to the following conditions. Merchandise must be factory sealed to receive a refund. Opened films cannot be returned unless defective. Defective films will be replaced with the same title only. Shipping charges are not refundable. We do not pay for postage on returns. International customers are responsible for duty taxes and shipping if order is refused. Defective novelty items can only be replaced with another of the same item, no substitutions will be made and no refunds will be issued. Non-defective novelties may not be returned for any reason. Except as expressly stated herein, Effex Media LLC. makes no representations or warranties, either express or implied, of any kind with respect to products sold on the 69 Adult Toys web site. Except as expressly stated herein, Effex Media LLC. expressly disclaims all warranties, express or implied, of any kind with respect to products sold on this site, including but not limited to, merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. You agree that the sole and exclusive maximum liability to Effex Media LLC. arising from any product sold on the 69 Adult Toys site shall be the price of the product ordered. In no event shall Effex Media LLC., its directors, officers, employees or other representatives be liable for special, indirect, consequential, or punitive damages related to any product sold.
Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability as to the 69 Adult Toys Website
The 69 Adult Toys website and the materials therein are provided "as is". Effex Media LLC. makes no representations or warranties, either express or implied, of any kind with respect to the 69 Adult Toys website, its operation, content, information, or materials. Effex Media LLC. expressly disclaims all warranties, express or implied, of any kind with respect to the sites or their use, including but not limited to merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. You agree that Effex Media LLC., its directors, officers, employees or other representatives shall not be liable for damages arising from the operation, content or use of the 69 Adult Toys website. You agree that this limitation of liability is comprehensive and applies to all damages of any kind, including without limitation direct, indirect, compensatory, special, incidental, punitive and consequential damages.
Typographical Errors
In the event a product is listed at an incorrect price or with incorrect information due to typographical error or error in pricing or product information received from our suppliers, Effex Media LLC. shall have the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. Effex Media LLC. shall have the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is canceled, Effex Media LLC. shall immediately issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the charge.
Links
This site may contain links to other sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by third parties. You acknowledge that Effex Media LLC. is not responsible for the operation of or content located on or through any such site.
Order Acceptance Policy
Your receipt of an electronic or other form of order confirmation does not signify our acceptance of your order, nor does it constitute confirmation of our offer to sell. Effex Media LLC. reserves the right at any time after receipt of your order to accept or decline your order for any reason. Effex Media LLC. reserves the right at any time after receipt of your order, without prior notice to you, to supply less than the quantity you ordered of any item. All orders placed over $250.00 (U.S.) are subject to pre-approval with an acceptable method of payment, as established by our credit and fraud avoidance department. We may require additional verifications or information before accepting any order. 69 Adult Toys is a reseller to end user customers and does not accept orders from exporters, wholesalers, or other customers who intend to resell the products offered by 69 Adult Toys.
We reserve the right to substitute out of stock or discontinued items with an item of similar or greater value.
Sales Taxes
Effex Media LLC. shall automatically charge and withhold the applicable sales tax for orders to be delivered to addresses within the State of New Jersey. Each customer shall be solely responsible for all sales taxes, or other taxes, on orders shipped to any other state.
Jurisdiction and Venue
You agree that any legal action brought against 69 Adult Toys and/or Effex Media LLC., shall be governed by the laws of the State of New Jersey without regard to its conflict of law principles. You agree that the sole jurisdiction and venue for any litigation arising from your use of or orders made on the 69 Adult Toys website shall be an appropriate Federal or State court located in New Jersey.