https://www.sexualevolution.org/disclaimer-terms-conditions-privacy.htm
Erotica
EroticSex PicsStories
GalleryEroticPictures
SensualErotic PicsBreasts Tits
VintageEroticaPictures
LesbianEroticaStory Pics
VintageNudesWomen
PhilosophySex ImagesQuotes
Kama Sutra
IndianArt ofLove
KamasutraSexPositions
KamasutraSexPictures
ForeplaySensualDesire Tips
FellatioCunnilingusSex Tips
Sex ToysPhallicDildos
Sexuality
Human
Sexual
Evolution
Sexology
Biology
Sociology
Female
Sexual
Evolution
Male
Sexual
Evolution
Child
Teen
Sexuality
Sexual
Health
STD's
Sex
Activities
Practices
Oral
Anal
Sex
Masturbation
Female
Male
Film
Erotic Art
Literature
Fetish
Fantasy
BDSM
Sacred
Sexuality
Goddess
Gay
Lesbian
Homosexual
Sexual
Abuse
Rape
Law
Politics
Customs
Adult
Porn
Industry
Sexual
Statistics
Information
Slang
Etymology
Language
Site
Map
Language
Afrika
Albania
Arabic
Belarus
Bulgaria
Catalan
Chinese S
Chinese T
Croatian
Czech
Danish
Dutch
English
Estonian
Filipino
Finnish
French
Galician
German
Greek
Hebrew
Hindi
Hungary
Iceland
Indon.
Irish
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Latvian
Lith.
Macedon
Malay
Maltese
Norway
Persian
Polish
Portugal
Romania
Russian
Serbian
Slovak
Sloven
Spanish
Swahili
Swedish
Thai
Turkish
Ukrain
Vietnam
Welsh
Yiddish
Follow @sexualevolution Tweet
Karene
Sexual
Evolution
Creative Erotic Moral Sexuality
Introduction / Summary (2018): Hello and welcome to our
Sexuality pages. While this is not a pornographic site, it is provocative - founded upon
what people search on the Internet (which is very interesting!). We then
relate this to our biological and cultural evolution.
Sex is obviously important to people - and if you want to improve your sexual
relationships then knowing the truth about our human evolution is the best
foundation. By opening our minds to a greater diversity of behaviors, this
knowledge will help you creatively cultivate healthy pleasurable moral
attitudes and sexy smutty relationships (free from religious
guilt & cultural myths).
Support an open honest discussion on the truth of our sexual evolution and behaviour. If you support sex positive,
moral, informed sexual behaviour please share this knowledge. (These pages
have a diverse collection of fascinating information relating to our human
sexual evolution so people will appreciate it - see our 'nice letters' page!).
Sincerely, Karene.
"It is not enough to conquer; one must learn to seduce." (Voltaire) - "Desire is the essence of a man." (Spinoza)
Legal Disclaimer
Terms and Conditions - Privacy Policy
Hello All. Below is the standard website disclaimer. We
do not really like this legal aspect - our interest is purely to promote
an open honest discussion of truth and reality, as it applies to various
aspects of our existence / life.
We agree with Albert Einstein.
The free, unhampered exchange of ideas and
scientific conclusions is necessary for the sound development of science,
as it is in all spheres of cultural life. (Albert Einstein, 1952)
... knowledge must continually be renewed by ceaseless effort, if it is
not to be lost. It resembles a statue of marble which stands in the desert
and is continually threatened with burial by the shifting sand. The hands
of service must ever be at work, in order that the marble continue to lastingly
shine in the sun. To these serving hands mine shall also belong.
(Albert Einstein, On Education, 1950)
Only the individual can think, and thereby create new values for society,
nay, even set up new moral standards to which the life of the community
conforms. ...
The ideals which have lighted my way, and time after time have given me
new courage to face life cheerfully, have been Kindness, Beauty and Truth.
(Albert Einstein, 1954)
Website Disclaimer
(1) Introduction - This disclaimer governs your
use of our website; by using our website, you accept this disclaimer in
full. If you disagree with any part of this disclaimer, do not use our website.
(2) Intellectual Property Rights - Unless otherwise
stated, we or our licensors own the intellectual property rights in the
website and material on the website. Subject to the licence below, all our
intellectual property rights are reserved.
(3) Licence to Use Website - You may view, download
for caching purposes only, and print pages from the website, provided that:
(a) You must not republish material from this website (including republication
on another website), or reproduce or store material from this website in
any public or private electronic retrieval system. (Though we encourage
fair use for academic / non commercial purposes)
(b) You must not reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell, visit, or otherwise
exploit our website or material on our website for a commercial purpose,
without our express written consent;
(4) Limitations of Liability - The information
on this website is provided free-of-charge, and you acknowledge that it
would be unreasonable to hold us liable in respect of this website and the
information on this website.
Whilst we endeavour to ensure that the information on this website is correct,
we do not warrant its completeness or accuracy; nor do we not commit to
ensuring that the website remains available or that the material on this
website is kept up-to-date.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law we exclude all representations,
warranties and conditions (including, without limitation, the conditions
implied by law of satisfactory quality, fitness for purpose and the use
of reasonable care and skill).
Our liability is limited and excluded to the maximum extent permitted under
applicable law. We will not be liable for any direct, indirect or consequential
loss or damage arising under this disclaimer or in connection with our website,
whether arising in tort, contract, or otherwise - including, without limitation,
any loss of profit, contracts, business, goodwill, data, income, revenue
or anticipated savings.
However, nothing in this disclaimer shall exclude or limit our liability
for fraud, for death or personal injury caused by our negligence, or for
any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable
law.
(5) Forum Posting / Comments - You must not use
our website in any way that causes, or may cause, damage to the website
or impairment of the availability or accessibility of the website.
You must not use our website in any way which is unlawful, illegal, fraudulent
or harmful, or in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful
purpose or activity.
You must not use our website for any purposes related to marketing without
our express written consent.
You must not use our website to copy, publish or send mass mailings or
spam.
You must not use our website to copy, publish or send material which is
illegal or unlawful, or material which could give rise to legal action under
English and other applicable law. All material you copy, publish or send
via our website must not be defamatory, obscene, indecent, hateful, discriminatory
or inflammatory; such material must not infringe any person's intellectual
property rights or rights of confidence, impinge upon any person's privacy,
or constitute incitement to commit a crime[; further, material must not
be misleading, deceptive, pornographic, threatening, abusive, harassing
or menacing.
We reserve the right to edit or remove any material posted upon our website.
We may take such action as we deem appropriate to deal with the posting
of unsuitable material, including suspending or canceling your account,
restricting your access to our website, or commencing legal proceedings
against you.
In respect of all material that you post on our website, you grant to us
a worldwide, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free licence to use, reproduce,
adapt, publish, translate and distribute such material in any media, together
with the right to sub-licence such rights.
(6) Third party websites
The website contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for
the content of third party websites.
(7) Variation - We may revise this disclaimer
from time-to-time. Please check this page regularly to ensure you are familiar
with the current version.
(8) Entire agreement - This disclaimer constitutes
the entire agreement between you and us in relation to your use of our website,
and supersedes all previous agreements in respect of your use of this website.
(9) Law and Jurisdiction - This notice will be
governed by and construed in accordance with Australian law, and any disputes
relating to this notice shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of
the courts of Australia.
Website Privacy Policy
We do not actually collect any information from our users other than the
standard information that our website statistics automatically gathers (Awstats
and Google Analytics). The following is just a standard Privacy Policy agreement
(we do respect people's privacy!).
--------------------------
We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors; this
policy sets out how we will treat your personal information.
(1) What information do we collect?
We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal data:
(a) information about your visits to and use of this website;
(b) information about any transactions carried out between you and us on
or in relation to this website, including information relating to any purchases
you make of our goods or services;
(c) information that you provide to us for the purpose of registering with
us and/or subscribing to our website services and/or email notifications.
(2) Information about website visits
We may collect information about you computer and your visits to this website
such as your IP address, geographical location, browser type, referral source,
length of visit and number of page views. We may use this information in
the administration of this website, to improve the website's usability,
and for marketing purposes.
We use cookies on this website. A cookie is a text file sent by a web server
to a web browser, and stored by the browser. The text file is then sent
back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
This enables the web server to identify and track the web browser.
We may send a cookie which may be stored on by your browser on your computer's
hard drive. We may use the information we obtain from the cookie in the
administration of this website, to improve the website's usability and for
marketing purposes. We may also use that information to recognise your computer
when you visit our website, and to personalise our website for you. Our
advertisers may also send you cookies.
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies. (For
example, in Internet Explorer you can refuse all cookie by clicking "Tools",
"Internet Options", "Privacy", and selecting "Block
all cookies" using the sliding selector.) This will, however,
have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites, including this
one.
(3) Using your personal data
Personal data submitted on this website will be used for the purposes specified
in this privacy policy or in relevant parts of the website.
In addition to the uses identified elsewhere in this privacy policy, we
may use your personal information to:
(a) improve your browsing experience by personalising the website;
(b) send information (other than marketing communications) to you which
we think may be of interest to you by post or by email or similar technology;
(c) send to you marketing communications relating to our business [or the
businesses of carefully-selected third parties] which we think may be of
interest to you by post or, where you have specifically agreed to this,
by email or similar technology (you can inform us at any time if you no
longer require marketing communications to be sent by us.
(d) provide other companies with statistical information about our users
- but this information will not be used to identify any individual user.
We will not without your express consent provide your personal information
to any third parties for the purpose of direct marketing.
(4) Other disclosures
In addition to the disclosures reasonably necessary for the purposes identified
elsewhere in this privacy policy, we may disclose information about you:
(a) to the extent that we are required to do so by law;
(b) in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings;
(c) in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including
providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and
reducing credit risk); and
(d) to the purchaser or seller (or prospective purchaser or seller) of
any business or asset which we are (or are contemplating) selling or purchasing.
Except as provided in this privacy policy, we will not provide your information
to third parties.
(5) International data transfers
Information that we collect may be stored and processed in and transferred
between any of the countries in which we operate in order to enable us to
use the information in accordance with this privacy policy.
(6) Security of your personal data
We will take reasonable precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration
of your personal information. Of course, data transmission over the internet
is inherently insecure, and we cannot guarantee the security of data sent
over the internet.
(7) Policy amendments
We may update this privacy policy from time-to-time by posting a new version
on our website. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are
happy with any changes.
(8) Third party websites
The website contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for
the privacy policies (or content) of third party websites.
Create some good Sexual Karma - Share this Knowledge - Thanks!
Tweet
Famous Sexually Provocative Erotic Books & Sex StoriesDownload & Read Beautifully IllustratedErotic Novels on Amazon Kindle
Support an open honest discussion of human sexuality by sharing this knowledge.
https://www.sexualevolution.org/disclaimer-terms-conditions-privacy.htm
Legal Disclaimer - Terms and Conditions - Privacy
Policy
Site
Map
- Banners
- Bibliography
/ Reference Books
- Reasons
for this Sexuality Study - Legal
Disclaimer & Privacy Policy - Protect
Children Online
Copyright 1997 - 2018
We support 'Fair Use' of these pages for Academic & Non Commercial use.
You are welcome to use images and text, but please reference them with a
link to relevant web page on this site. Thanks!
The free, unhampered exchange of ideas and scientific
conclusions is necessary for the sound development of science, as it is
in all spheres of cultural life. ... Only the individual can think, and
thereby create new values for society, nay, even set up new moral standards
to which the life of the community conforms.
(Albert Einstein)