https://www.funswingers.co.uk/legal/privacy-policy
HomePrivacy Policy
Fun Swingers (the "Site") is owned by Symbios Solutions Limited.
Our postal address is:
Symbios Solutions Ltd. 16-18 Barnes Wallis Road Segensworth East PO15 5TT United Kingdom
We can be contacted online via support, by emailing us directly or by telephone +44 (0) 370 490 0000.
This is an adult site. Privacy is important to you and to us.
CAREFULLY READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY STATEMENT.
This site expressly and strictly limits its membership to adults. All persons under the age of 18 are strictly prohibited from accessing or viewing the contents of this site.
We do not knowingly seek or collect any personal information or data from persons under the age of 18. Where we seek payment from you we will request secondary id which will assist us in establishing that you are over 18.
GDPR
GDPR: Gives gives people in the EU far more control over how their data is stored and used. We've updated our Privacy Policy to take into account the new requirements of the GDPR.
Clarity: We've provided additional details about the information we collect as well as how we use that information. We’ve also explained your choices and the control you have over your information.
Access: We have now updated our privacy policy to incorporate the new requirements regarding GDPR. Whilst we have always permanently deleted your data when you leave you now have the ability to access our records of the information that we hold while you are an active member.
What data don't we hold?
We have always tried to hold as little data as possible for our members, we strongly believe in holding the bare minimum required for the services we provide to operate.
We DON'T hold any Names, Addresses, Phone numbers or Credit card information for any of our members.
What data do we hold?
In order to provide services the minimum information that we need to use and process is as follows.
Your registered e-mail address (for your chosen account notifications).
Your IP address (checked against a spam register and deleted after 60 days).
Your date of birth (used to select matches for you in your required age range).
Any public data that you have chosen to enter onto the site, examples of this include profile text, interests, and site e-mails.
If you have selected to save site messages, these will remain saved until you choose to delete them on the site or until you delete your account.
Email preferences
We require a valid e-mail address to set up your account and send you any notifications. Your e-mail address is never shared with any third event companies, and you are free to modify your notification preferences at any time under your account settings.
When is your data deleted?
We delete ALL of your data when you delete your account.
We automatically delete all read site messages after 60 days if you don't save them.
You are also free to review, edit, change or delete any of your public data on the site at any time by updating your profile text, adverts, and forum posts.
What do we do with the information?
To ensure that content from our Site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so.
To notify you about changes to our service.
Third event companies
We are totally committed to your privacy, as such we have never passed any of your information to any third event companies, nor do we ever plan on doing so, with the exception of any legal obligation or in the event of business sale.
Cookies
The Site uses cookies. It is perfectly normal. You may obtain further information about "cookies" and how they function at Cookie Central.
Credit card processing
If you choose to upgrade by card at any time we will direct you to a payment page operated by a PCI compliant card processor. In order to process a payment it is likely that your bank will require some personal information over a secure connection to approve the transaction. This information is NOT taken on our site and we are not event to it in any way.
Where we store your personal data
All information you provide to us is stored on secure servers. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen a password) which enables you to access certain parts of our Site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our Site. Any transmission is at your own risk.
Data Controller
The Data Controller has the authority to resolve all issues regarding the collection, modification, correction, deletion and use of the personal information that has been collected by the Site.
Your Rights
If you would like to see all the data that we hold on your account as listed above, simply contact us in the site support centre and request it from your account.
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility for these.
Any changes that we make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted to this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by email.