http://www.archway-to-monica.com/category/privacy/
Skip to content
Sexting or sending nude pics is considered a universal language. The question of why people enjoy sending nudes over mobile devices does not have a natural response. Is it to get sheer horniness, or it is due to the motive that drives people to send nude pics.
In a research conducted by Morgan Johnstobaugh of the University of Arizona, researched asked that question, what makes people send nude pics in the first place- and does the incentive differ for women and men?
To do the research, Morgan has over 1,000 students from various schools fill out a form online, asking them on their underlying principle for sending nudes. Morgan considered two primary motivators; desire for empowerment through sext and outside pressure to share, meaning sending nude pictures to improve their confidence.
The most popular reason for sending nude pictures- to turn on the recipient- was approximately similar for women 73 percent and men, which is 67 percent. In the same way, 40 percent of men and women replied that they send a nude photo to gratify the receiver’s request. Research also found that men are feeling pressure to share nude or naked pictures.
But the possibilities were 4 times higher for females than males to tell that they sent nude pictures to avoid the receiver from losing interest or stop the person from searching or looking at pictures of others.
However, as with other things that involve sex, the female relationship with sending nude pics or sexting is complex that, “he requested for a naked, I sent one.” The researcher discovered that the possibilities were also higher for females, showing that they send nude as a way to feel empowered. Females are more likely to say that they send nude to enhance their confidence.
People may find sending nude or bare pictures empowering as they can make a space where they feel safe showing and expressing their sexuality as well as showing their body. Therefore, sometimes, people send nude images as a way to avow sexual agency. This reason is also why many females are applying to become a sugar baby on sites like Seek Daddies.  This finding is important, considering that all the news stories emphasize the negative results of sending nude in … Continue...
Read More "Why People Enjoy Sending Nudes Over Mobile Devices"
Post Schedule
December 2020
M
T
W
T
F
S
S
123456
78910111213
14151617181920
21222324252627
28293031
« Jul
About Me
My Recent Posts
Why People Enjoy Sending Nudes Over Mobile Devices
How to Take a Nude Selfie
Best Privacy Apps for Your Phone
Back to Top