https://www.cruisingforsex.com/help.html
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
User Name
Remember Me?
Password
You are:
Looking for now
Looking for later
Not looking
Home > Help >
CRUISING for SEX is a large website
with many features. By studying this page we hope you'll find the
answers to any questions you may have about how to
use your
personal Control Panel, the Message Board, Communal Stall Wall, Cruiser Gallery, and Sex Listings. If none of this information answers your question, you can
contact us here. We answer every email personally. Please be aware that this is handled once or twice per business day (Monday through Friday). We encourage you to look for the answers below before you email, since many things can be handled "self-service."
IMPORTANT: WE HAVE PRIVACY RULES FOR POSTING ON OUR SITES
When you post to the Sex Listings, the Message Board, or the Cruisier Gallery do not include your email address, phone number, or other contact information. These pages are accessible to search engines and may allow your information to be seen by anyone, anywhere. Our CFS Member Profile Pages are coded so that search engines should not index them. This keeps your "private" information more private, to the extent anything can be private on the Internet. If our Editor or Moderators see contact information on these sections of CRUISING for SEX we will delete it.
In addition, when you post a review or question on the Sex Listings please do not post any personally identifying information about other cruisers. You are welcome to write about the staff of an establishment in general terms and of course to write about police activity, whether overt or undercover. We use our discretion in editing the Sex Listings but will delete contact info and in some cases may rephrase other text if needed.
The Communal Stalls provides a place where you have more freedom to post your ads for hookups, parties, groups, or whatever and include your contact information at your discretion. We seldom change your ads here and you are allowed to post anonymously or to include your email address or phone number if you wish. Know that if you post that information, anyone from anywhere may see it. We believe it best to be more cautious with your personal information, but we leave it up to you to decide. Ads on the Communal Stalls expire after some time and are automatically removed from that site.
GENERAL HELP
* Why should I register?
* Do we use cookies?
* How do I clear my cookies?
* How can I change the information in my profile?
* What are the buddy and ignore lists?
* How do I use the Member List?
* What is email notification?
* How do I log in and out?
* Help! I lost my password!
* How do I delete my username?
CONTROL PANEL HELP
* How do I use my Control Panel?
PRIVATE MESSAGING HELP
* What is Private Messaging?
COMMUNAL STALL HELP
* Why
log in to use the Stalls?
* How do I place an ad?
* Does someone see my contact information?
* Why were pictures removed?
* What is the 'options' function?
CRUISER GALLERY HELP
* Are there types of pictures that are not allowed
to be posted?
* How do I upload a picture or video clip?
* Can I save pictures and clips others have
posted?
* How do I create my own galleries?
MESSAGE BOARD HELP
* What is the signature for?
* How do I add a custom status to my profile?
* How do I get a picture under my username?
* Can I search the Message Board?
* Can I send email to other members of this board?
* Are there any special codes/tags I can use to
format my posts and messages?
* What Are Attachments?
* Can I edit my own posts?
* What Are Moderators?
* Why have some of the words in my post been
blanked-out?
SEX LISTINGS HELP
* Basic Search: how to do a search of our Sex Listings.
* Advanced Search: get more advanced results when you narrow your search to fit specific parameters you set.
* Using the Options Link: learn how to take advantage of the options built into the Sex Listings.
General Help
Why should I register?
In order to fully utilize many of the abilities of
the CRUISING for SEX Control Panel, Message Board,
Cruiser Gallery, and Sex Listings you must register as a member.
Registration is free, and allows you to do so many neat things including the following:
Post new threads;
Upload
photographs and video clips;
Reply to other peoples' threads;
Edit your posts, photographs and video clips;
Create your own galleries for photographs and video
clips;
Receive email notification of replies to posts,
threads, blog entries and galleries you specify;
Send private messages to other members;
Only registered users can renew, edit and even hide ads they've placed in the Communal Stall;
Only registered users can upload multiple pictures to their personal ads in the Communal Stall;
Send Cruiser Gallery photographs as postcards;
Set up a 'buddy-list' to quickly see when other
cruisers are online;
Customize the Sex Listings to work better for your personal needs;
Follow specific regions or listings you'll find in our Sex Listings.
To register, you will need to specify a username and
password, and a valid email address. Entering your email address
will not leave you open to 'spam', as you can choose to hide your
email address, and messages sent to you via email do not reveal
your address to the sender in any case. (To verify this, you can
try
sending an email message to another user.) IMPORTANT: we strongly encourage you to create a unique identity for your profile with us, making sure not to use email accounts or usernames you may have used in other situations, for example at work or in personal correspondence with family and friends.
Do we use cookies?
The use of cookies to make better use of your registration
is optional, but may enhance your experience of the site. Cookies
are used to enable functions such as showing whether or not a thread
or forum you are viewing has new posts since your last visit, or
to automatically log you back in when you return to the site after
being away for a while.
When you register, you will be given the option to
"Automatically login when you return to the site". This
will store your username and password in a cookie, stored on your
computer. If you are using a shared computer, such as in a library,
school or internet cafe, or if you have reason to not trust any
other users that might use this computer, we do not recommend that
you enable this.
Choosing not to use a cookie may cause problems if
your computer's connection to the Internet uses a proxy-server and
you share links with other users behind the same proxy. If in doubt,
we recommend that you select "yes" to enable the cookie.
After you have registered, you may alter your cookie
options at any time by changing the
settings in your Control Panel.
Another use of cookies involves the use of Google
Analytics, a highly respected software program that monitors traffic
moving through websites including CRUISING for SEX.
You should refer to the Google privacy policy to learn how they
collect and use information. You can find their policy here: http://www.google.com/intl/en/privacy.html. Some of our advertisers also use cookies.
How do I clear
my cookies?
You
may clear cookies specific to the function of this website by logging out. From the toolbar located at the bottom of our pages, select the option to log out. If you return to the main index page via the link
provided and you are still logged in, you may have to remove your
cookies manually. Look at the help files for your browser if you're
not certain how to clear cookies.
How can I change
the information in my profile?
It is your responsibility to keep the information
in your profile up-to-date. You should especially ensure that your
email address is kept current. You can alter any of the fields in
your profile, except your username. Once you have registered your
username, it becomes yours for life. Edit
your profile by going to your Control Panel here.
What are the buddy
and ignore lists?
The buddy list is used to keep track of cruisers and
friends also using this website. By going to your Control
Panel, you'll be able to see which of your friends
are currently online, and be able to send them a private message.
Adding people to your buddy list also allows you to send private
messages to multiple board members at the same time. You may add
any member of this board to your buddy list by clicking the buddy
button in a member's posts.
Ignore lists are used for those people who's messages
you wish not to read. By adding someone to your ignore list, those
messages posted by these individuals will be hidden when you read
a thread.
How do I use the
Member List?
The Member
List contains a complete list of all the registered members
of this website. We recommend you use our search functions (located on the member page in the upper right corner) to narrow members to those in your city or town or to members who fit other criteria such as age or body type. You can also view the member list search results ordered alphabetically
by username, by the date that the member joined the board, or by
the number of posts the members have made.
What is email notification?
If you post a new thread, or reply to an existing
thread, post a blog entry, or upload a photo or video cliip, you
can choose to be notified by email when someone else replies to
that thread, blog, photo or video clip. You can also choose to receive
email notifications of new posts in a thread without posting in
that thread, by clicking the "Receive updates to this thread"
link displayed in the thread page.
If you choose to stop receiving email notifications
from a thread, you can turn off the option by either editing your
original entry, or by unsubscribing
from your Control Panel.
How do I log in
and out?
You'll find a link to log in or out in
the toolbar that appears at the bottom of every page. If you've
allowed for cookies, you'll usually not need to log-in.
Help! I lost my
password!
If you forget your password, you can click
on the "Forgotten Your Password" link on any
page that requires you to fill in your password. This will bring up a page where you should enter your
registered email address, and your password will be automatically re-set by our computers and
emailed to you immediately. We can also manually change your password, but this is less secure for obvious reasons.
How do I delete my username?
We'd hate to see you go, but if you decide to cancel your free membership, you'll need to email us using our Contact Form and we'll delete your profile. Make sure that your email to us comes from the email account associated with your profile and be sure to include the username for the profile you want deleted. By the way, we can also change your username if you'd rather keep your profile, but alter your identity. Just contact us using the form to ask us to make the change.
Control Panel Help
How
do I use my Control Panel?
Your CRUISING for SEX Control Panel
can be reached from the toolbar located at the bottom of every page. This
is a central way to keep track of all the various sections of CRUISING
for SEX. For example, you can read private messages, quickly see
threads you've subscribed to,
change your Cruiser
Gallery pictures and many other things. From your Control Panel, you can also perform other functions such as edit
you profile or password, change your options, and edit your buddy
and ignore list.
Private Messaging Help
What is Private
Messaging?
Using Private Messaging, registered members may send
each other private messages without having to rely on email.
Sending Private Messages
Private messages work a little like email, but are
limited to registered members of this board. You can include links
to web pages and images in private messages that you send.
You may send a private message to a member of this
board by clicking the "Send A Private Message" link in
the private messaging section of your Control Panel, or by clicking
the button in a member's posts appearing on the Message Board.
When you send a message, you have the option to save
a copy of the message in your Sent Items folder.
Private Message Folders
By default, you will have two folders in your private
message area. These are the Inbox and the Sent Items folders.
The Inbox
folder contains any new messages you receive, and allows
you to view all the messages you have received, along with the name
of the person who sent the message to you, and the date and time
the message was sent.
The Sent
Items folder contains a copy of any messages that you have
sent, saved where you have specified that you wish to keep a copy
of the message for future reference.
You may create additional folders for your messages
by clicking the "Edit
Folders" link.
Each folder has a set of message controls which allow
you to select messages, then either move them to one of your custom
folders, or delete them completely. You may also have a button which
allows you to forward multiple messages from a folder to another
member of the board.
Whenever you read a message, you will have the option
to reply to the message, or forward that message to another member
of the board.
Message Tracking
When you send a new private message, you have the
option to request a read-receipt for that message. This will allow
you to check whether or not a message has been read by its recipient
by viewing
the "Private Message Tracking" page.
Communal Stall Wall Help
Why log in to use the Stalls?
Any adult can anonymously post a new ad at Communal Stall Wall, but there are some advantages to logging in. You do not create a separate username for the Stalls. Instead, you log-in with your free membership at CRUISING for SEX. Among the advantages if you log in to post an ad are an ability to edit your ad, to post an ad for longer periods of time, and to upload multiple pictures with your ad. If you do not log in, your ad will expire sooner and can't be renewed without starting again. Also, you can only post one picture with your ad if you do not log in.
How do I place an ad?
Near the top of every page of Communal Stall Wall is a link for 'Submit an Ad'. Click this link and you'll be presented with a page for preparing your ad. Selecting your geographic location is very important and is done first. Select where you want your ad to appear from the 'category' section. You can place an ad countrywide by selecting, for example, USA or Canada, or you can select first a nation, then a state/province and and then a city or metro area. If you do not see your city or town in this list, select only your nation and state/province and proceed down to identify your city/town in the field labeled 'Optional City/Neighborhood'. The field labeled 'Optional City/Neighborhood' is just that, optional, and most will not need to use it unless your city or town is not already covered. If you want your ad to primarily appear in one location, but also show up in multiple locations, use the section labeled, 'Secondary Categories' to select additional regions for your ad.
Proceed further down the page to create your ad title, to include a summary of your ad contents (select words that are likely to grab attention), and then the place to type in the actual contents of your ad. Ads are searchable by keywords so select your words carefully. You may also upload pictures for your ad, add tags for our tag cloud (another way others can search and find your ad), and also select various ad classifications to help others find you.
Does someone see my contact information?
Unless you include contact information in the contents of your ad (something we strongly discourage to avoid the risk that a search engine like Google may index your contact information), your contact information is NOT visible to those viewing the ad. If you log in to place your ad, a link does appear in your ads with a direct link to your CRUISING for SEX profile. If you've included contact information in your CRUISING for SEX profile, that information will, of course, be visible to others. Otherwise, when a person responds to your ad he or she will be doing so by email and their email address will become visible in your email application. Of course if you select to respond, they will also see your email address, but they do not see your contact information unless you decide to respond.
Why were pictures removed?
We view every ad and every picture uploaded. While ads become active immediately upon your submitting of an ad, we do review all for content issues. Ads that include pictures showing sexual activity between 2 or more persons are removed. Ads including copyright protected images are removed. Ads showing individuals who are not the person placing the ad are removed.
What are the 'Options' functions?
If you are logged in you will see a new link near the top of the page called 'Options'. Use this link to control your ads. Go here to hide an ad, to renew ones that may have expired, or to edit existing ads. This link will not be visible unless you log in.
Cruiser Gallery Help
Are
there types of pictures that are not allowed to be posted?
We monitor all pictures and will remove those that
violate our Terms of Use.
Among the pictures not allowed, you are not allowed to post any
copyrighted material unless the copyright is owned by you. Other
pictures not allowed are images of underage youth, images of sex
with animals, images showing a person or persons engaged in urination,
bondage, torture or humiliation, images of actual or implied sexual
activity involving 2 or more persons and images that are not suitable
to the nature of CRUISING for SEX.
How do I upload
a picture or video clip?
Adding your own pictures and video clips is done by
clicking on the link called "Upload Photos, Video Clips"
in the upper right of any Cruiser Gallery page. You'll need to read
a brief statement explaining what you can't upload. Then scroll
down until you see the 'browse' button. Use that button to locate
the pictures or video clips on your computer which you want to add
to the Cruiser Gallery. Enter a title, select some keywords, and
add a description if you'd like. Finally click the button labeled
"Upload, Submit" and you're done.
Can I save pictures
and clips others have posted?
Yes you can. Look for the link called "My Favorites"
in the upper right of any Cruiser Gallery page. This is where you
go to see pictures and video clips you've marked as a favorite.
To add anything to your favorites look for the link called "Add
to Favorites" which appears just below any full-sized picture
or video clip (not under the thumbnail). Clicking that link automatically
saves that picture or clip for you.
How do I create
my own galleries?
Creating your own galleries is as easy as clicking
on the link "Create Galleries" in the upper right of any
Cruiser Gallery page. After you click that link, look for the option
to "Add Album" and follow the easy instructions.
Message Board Help
What is the signature
for?
After you have registered, you may set your signature.
This is a piece of text that you would like to be inserted at the
end of all your Message Board posts.
If you have specified a signature, then the Message
Board will automatically append your signature to any messages you
post. You can disable signatures on a per-post basis by un-ticking
the "Show Signature" checkbox when you compose your message.
You may turn the signature on and off on posts you
have already made by editing the post and altering the state of
the "Show Signature" option.
How do I add a custom
status to my profile?
Frequent users can create custom status titles which
appear in your postings on the Message Board. After posting at least
100 times you can specify the text you want to display by editing
your profile from your Control Panel and entering the text you want in the "Custom
User Text" field. No custom status title may violate any of
our terms of use.
How do I get a picture
under my username?
These small images are called Avatars. They are displayed
below your username on all Message Board posts that you make. Usually
an avatar will be a picture of yourself -- your face, dick, ass,
etc. Please remember it is forbidden to post any copyright protected
image that doesn't belong to you. Images posted by you as your avatar
must be your property and not owned by another person or business.
To add an avatar to your postings, you must upload an avatar image
from your computer. To add or alter your avatar, go to your Control Panel.
Can I search the
Message Board?
You can search for posts based on username, word(s)
in the post or just in the subject, by date, and only in particular
forums. To access the search feature, click on the "search"
link at the top of most Message Board pages.
Can I send email
to other members of this Message Board?
Yes! To send an email to another member, you can either
locate the member you want to contact on the Member
List, or click the button on any post made by that member.
This will usually open a page that contains a form s
where you can enter your message. When you have finished typing
your message, press the email button and your message will be sent
instantly. Note that for privacy reasons, the email address of the
recipient is not revealed to you during this process.
Note that if you can not find an email button or link
for a member, it either means that the administrator has disabled
email functions for this person, or that the member in question
has specified that they do not wish to receive email from other
members of the board.
Another useful email function is the ability to send
a friend a link to a thread. Whenever you view a thread, you will
find a link on the page which will allow you to send a brief message
to anyone you like.
Registered members may also be able to send messages
to other members of this board using the Private
Message system.
Are there any special
codes/tags I can use to format my posts and messages?
For the most part, your Message Board posts will
contain plain text, but on occasions, you may want to emphasize
certain words or phrases by making them (for example) bold or italic.
Do this by using vB Code: a special set of tags which you can use
to produce the most popular text-effects. vB code has the advantage
that it is very simple to use, and is immune to malicious javascripts
and page layout disruption. vB code can be found just above the
space you'll be using to post or reply to a message. You may also use smilies, which allow you to use small
icons to convey emotion, and the [img] code, which allows you to
add pictures to your message.
What Are Attachments?
Registered users can use the attachment feature of
the Message Board, giving you the ability to attach files of certain
types to your posts. This could be an image, a text document, a
zip file etc. There will be a limit to the file size of any attachments
you make, as the board should not be used as an extension of your
hard disk!
To attach a file to a new post, simply click the "Browse"
button at the bottom of the post composition page, and locate the
file that you want to attach from your local hard drive.
Only certain types of files may be attached: these
are the valid file extensions for files to be attached to this board:
gif jpg png txt zip bmp jpeg.
After posting, the attachment will show up in the
body of your message. To view the contents of the attachment (if
it is not already displayed) simply click the filename link that
appears next to the attachment icon.
Can I edit my own
posts?
If you have registered, you will be able to edit and
delete your Message Board posts. To edit or delete your posts, click
the edit button by the post you want to edit. If your post was the
first in the thread, then deleting the post may result in the removal
of the entire thread.
After you have made your modifications, a note may
appear, which notifies other users that you have edited your post.
CRUISING for SEX and forum moderators may also
edit your messages but this note may not appear when they do so.
What Are Moderators?
Moderators oversee specific Message Board forums.
They generally have the ability to edit and delete posts, move threads,
and perform other tasks essential to their forum. Being a moderator
for a specific forum is a volunteer job so please be courteous.
Moderators play a critical role in keeping this board alive and
running!
Why have some of
the words in my post been blanked-out?
Certain words may have been prohibited by CRUISING
for SEX. If your posts contain any of these words, they
will be blanked-out like this: ****.
The same words are not allowed for all users, and
is done by a computer simply searching and replacing words. It is
in no way 'intelligent'.
Sex Listings Help
Basic Search: how to do a
search of our Sex Listings.
Our Sex Listings offer many search options. The easiest way to get to listings results for your city, town, state, or country is to use the pull-down menu's to select the region you want to view. You can also customize search results with a basic search. You can find this search function at the top of every Sex Listings page. Some examples of this search function:
>> example 1 of basic search: In the field after 'find' type 'bathhouse' and you'll get 545 baths. Not especially useful since that covers the entire world, but if you also add in a zip code in the field that follows 'miles of', for example adding 90004, you get the 4 baths in Los Angeles. Alternatively, use the zip 10038 and you get the baths in New York City.
>> example 2 of basic search: Type in the field 'find' a city name and you'll get the city results for that city name. Cleveland brought back 28 listings. Des Moines brought 8 results.
>> example 3 of basic search: Still another way to use basic search is to use the two fields that search for distance from your location. For example, perhaps you are visiting a city and your hotel is in zip code 30318. Type into the field 'within' the number 5 (for 5 miles) and then in the field 'miles of' type in the zip, 30318 -- 'within 5 miles of 30318'. You get the listings near your hotel and they are displayed in order of distance! Pretty useful for the traveling cruiser! By the way, I got 27 near my hotel with the closest being an adult bookstore that was 1.2 miles away.
Advanced Search: get more advanced results when you narrow your search to fit specific parameters you set.
Doing an advanced search will allow you to broaden or narrow your search results. For most, using the pull-down menus for cities, states, provinces, and countries is the easiest route to information. If you need to search the listings, we recommend a basic search (read about basic searches above), but at times, an advanced search is called for. You can find the link to do an advanced search at the top of any Sex Listings pages, just underneath the basic search. The link says "advanced search." Click that link to begin.
Advanced searches are divided into two overall options:
search by name, categories;
search by distance.
You can search using either option 1 or option 2, but you can also combine the two options, perhaps selecting from option 1 any number of categories, but also including a zip code from option 2 and you'll get results. For example, I selected 'swinger club' and 'strip club' and also entered the zip code 30318 and got 4 results from Atlanta. As another example, lets say you're looking for a place with mostly straight or bi patrons. From option 1 select 'mostly straight/bi'. Then enter your zip in option 2 (enter zip codes in the second box, not the first which is used for specific distances from a zip code), for example, 90001, and you'll get 4 results for Los Angeles. You can also get more specific about the distance by adding a number to 'within __ miles' along with a zip code. For example, 'bathhouse with full facilities', 'adult store with arcade' and 'cruise bar with dark room' for option 1 and 'within 9 miles' of 60657. I get 10 results for this Chicago zip code.
Limiting this advanced search to only option 1, lets say you want to find indoor locations in Chicago that probably have a sauna or steamroom where action can be found. I type in the name Chicago
to make sure I only get places in the city limits of Chicago (you can also use the pull-down menu but that will give you the entire Chicago metro area). From the categories, I select 'spa with covert action', 'sauna with covert action', cruisy healthclub' and 'cruisy college locker room.' I got 22 results. The same search, but using the pull-down menu for the Chicago metro area, brought me 42 results since it included suburban Chicago. I could have also typed in a suburb, for example, Evanston, and the same categories and I would have gotten 4 results for my visit to Evanston.
Also using option 1, lets say you have interest only in outdoor action and you're going to San Francisco. Type in San Francisco and select the relevant categories that might apply including 'cruisy park' and 'street cruising'. I get 15 results.
Advanced search is perfect if you want to get far more specific than a basic search. You know the types of places you like to cruise or the types of men you enjoy or something else specific and knowing this, an advanced search can bring you more useful information. It will likely be much less data than a more basic search, but it is more reflective of what likely will end up appealing to you.
Using the Options Link: learn how to take advantage of the options built into the Sex Listings.
There are some very useful options you can take advantage of with the Sex Listings. You have to be logged in using your CRUISING for SEX username to use these options. When logged in, and on any Sex Listings page, look in the upper right and you'll see the word, 'Options'. Click it to uncover your personal options.
When you first visit 'options' you may see several references to listings. These are listings and reviews you've contributed to yourself and you can quickly re-visit them from this page. On the left side of the 'options' page are 5 links leading to the settings you can control.
Your Listings: This is the first thing you see and these are the listings and reviews you've contributed to the Sex Listings.
Email and Editor Options: This allows you to control email alerts you may be receiving for changes to the Sex Listings. See below for more on email alerts. It also allows you to control how many listings are shown per page. The default is 14, but you can set this higher or lower and it will always display at that number when you're logged in.
Manage Subscriptions by Area: You have the ability to subscribe to email notices for any changes. There are two options for doing this:
Number one, monitor changes for specific regions of the world. Whenever you're using the Sex Listings, if you come across cities, states, provinces, or countries you want to save for future reference, look to the right of the listing and you'll see 'Subscribe to email updates for this location'. Clicking this means it will now show up in your options as part of your 'Manage Subscriptions by Area' and you'll begin receiving email updates when things change for this region.
Number two, you can also save specific listings and get email updates for them, too. When you see a listing you want to receive email updates about, look at the bottom of the page and select 'Subscribe to email updates'. You'll get email when a change happens for this listing.
Saved Listings: You have the ability to monitor specific places (a particular toilet, bar or park, for example) but not get an email. Instead, it will show up here under 'Saved Listings'. Whenever you're using the Sex Listings, if you come across a place you want to save for future reference, look at the bottom of that listing and you'll see 'Save to Favorites'. Clicking this means it will now show up here, as part of your 'Saved Listings'.
Manage Attachments: As you contribute to the Sex Listings, you can upload pictures of places. For example, the outside of a bookstore or the path in a cruisy park. The attached files you uploaded with this username can be monitored here.
home
|
subscribe
|
about us
|
contact info
site map
|
faq
|
help
|
terms, copyright, privacy, 2257
|
advertisers