http://www.houseboi.com/classifieds/classifieds.cgi?session_key=&print_terms_page=on
We Highly recomend the Microsoft Internet Explorer or Firefox on our site.
Some features will not work for your browser.
We also recomend you get Version 6 if your system can run it. Python-urllib/3.8
There are currently 11 users online
Homepage> Messages> MStats > FAQ-Questions> Support> Member Benefits?>What's a Houseboi?> Classifieds > Logout
Search Ads
Place Ads
Edit Ads
My Profile
My Checklist
Match Maker
Help
Search for
using
any of my keywords
all of my keywords
this exact phrase
Ad #
By using Houseboi.com you are bound by the Terms of Use, Guidelines and Privacy Statement.
Browse Ads - Advanced SearchDisplay New/Updated listings from the last
60, 45, 30, 20, 14, 12, 10, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1 day(s).
Houseboi.com Classifieds Access Agreement
The following is a legal agreement between Houseboi.com Classifieds, a website offering houseboi listings with an address of: P.O. Box 181, Ft Myers, FL 33902
("Houseboi.com Classifieds","Houseboi.com" "houseboi.kicks-ass.net," "hbc," or "our") and "you," the user of this Site.
Please read this Agreement carefully before accessing the Houseboi.com Classifieds. As a condition to and in consideration of receiving and accessing the Houseboi.com Classifieds, the User agrees to be bound by the terms of this Agreement. Use of or access to the Houseboi.com Classifieds shall constitute acceptance of and agreement to be bound by this Agreement. IF YOU DO NOT WISH TO BE BOUND BY THIS AGREEMENT, DO NOT ACCESS THE Houseboi.com Classifieds.
If
you have any questions about this Agreement, please contact us via e-mail at webmaster@houseboi.com .
Houseboi.com Classifieds Access Agreement
THIS AGREEMENT "Agreement" is entered into by and between Houseboi.com and any individual, corporation, association, agency, company, or other entity who accesses or uses the Houseboi.com Classifieds (the "User" or "you").
The Houseboi.com Classifieds, which is provided without charge to you, is a World Wide Web site on the Internet that is designed to allow users to post classified ads and/or to view classifieds ads posted by other users or interact with those users.
The Houseboi.com Classifieds is owned and operated by Houseboi.com.
The Houseboi.com Classifieds contains or may contain information, communications, opinions, text, graphics, links, electronic art, animations, audio, video, software, photos, music, sounds and other material and data (collectively, "Content") formatted, organized and collected in a variety of forms that are generally accessible to Users, including directories and databases, and areas of the Houseboi.com Classifieds that can be modified by Users, such as posting ads, uploading multimedia files, registering user profiles, and creating Auto-Notify/Match Maker profiles ("Interactive Areas").
Houseboi.com Classifieds is not in any way responsible for any copyright materials placed on this site.
If a copyright content is found on our site (or any site we are using) please notify us right away.
By posting an ad here, you agree that it is in compliance with our ad guidelines (also available when you place an ad on Houseboi.com Classifieds)
1. User Rights and Responsibilities
1.1 Access to the Houseboi.com Classifieds.
You are responsible for providing all hardware, software, telephone or other communications equipment and/or service to connect to the Internet and access the Houseboi.com Classifieds and are responsible for all Internet access charges, telephone charges or other fees or charges incurred in connecting to the Internet and accessing the Houseboi.com Classifieds.
1.2 User Conduct.
You agree to access and use the Houseboi.com Classifieds only for lawful purposes. You are solely responsible for the knowledge of and adherence to any and all laws, statutes, rules and regulations, pertaining to (i) your use of the Houseboi.com Classifieds, including any Interactive Area, (ii) the use of any networks or other services connected to the Houseboi.com Classifieds, and (iii) the communications means by which you connect your modem, computer, or other equipment to the Houseboi.com Classifieds. By accessing the Houseboi.com Classifieds, you agree that you will not:
(1) restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the Interactive Features;
(2) post or transmit any unlawful, threatening,
abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic,
profane, or indecent information of any kind, including without
limitation any transmissions constituting or encouraging conduct
that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil
liability or otherwise violate any local, state, national, or
international law;
(3) post or transmit any information, software, or
other material which violates or infringes in the rights of
others, including material which is an invasion of privacy or
publicity rights or which is protected by copyright, trademark or
other proprietary right, or derivative works with respect thereto,
without first obtaining permission from the owner or right
holder.
(4) post or transmit any information, software or
other material which contains a virus or other harmful
component;
(5) alter, damage or delete any Content or other communications that are not your own Content or to otherwise interfere with the ability of others to access the Houseboi.com Classifieds;
(6) disrupt the normal flow of communication in an Interactive Area;
(7) claim a relationship with or to speak for any business, association, institution or other organization for which you are not authorized to claim such a relationship;
(8) violate any operating rule, policy or guideline of your Internet access provider or online service.
2. Intellectual Property Rights
2.1 Houseboi.com Classifieds content.
(a) You acknowledge that Content on the Houseboi.com Classifieds is generally provided by the Houseboi.com Classifieds, individual contributors of Content ("Contributors"), third party licensees, and/or other Users. You acknowledge that the Houseboi.com Classifieds permits access to Content that is protected by copyrights, trademarks, and other proprietary (including intellectual property) rights ("Intellectual Property Rights"), and that these Intellectual Property Rights are valid and protected in all media existing now or later developed and except as is explicitly provided below, your use of Content shall be governed by applicable copyright and other intellectual property laws. You acknowledge that the Houseboi.com Classifieds owns a copyright in the "look and feel," i.e., the selection, coordination, arrangement and presentation of such Content.
(b) You may not modify, copy, reproduce, transmit, distribute, publish, create derivative works from, display or otherwise transfer or commercially exploit any of the Content, in whole or in part, provided, however, that you may (i) make a reasonable number of digital or other form of copies to permit your computer hardware and software to access and view the Content, (ii) print one copy of each piece of Content, (iii) make and distribute a reasonable number of copies of Content, in whole or in part, in hard copy or electronic form for internal use only. Any permitted copies of Content must reproduce in an unmodified form any notices contained in the Content, such as all Intellectual Property Right notices, and an original source attribution to "The Houseboi.com Classifieds" and its URL address. You acknowledge that the Houseboi.com Classifieds, its Contributors, and/or Users remain the owners of the Content and that you do not acquire any Intellectual Property Rights by downloading or printing Content.
2.2 Content Provided by User.
You may upload to any Interactive Area or otherwise transmit, post, publish, reproduce or distribute, on or through the Houseboi.com Classifieds only Content that is not subject to any Intellectual Property Rights, or Content in which any holder of Intellectual Property Rights has given express authorization for distribution over the Internet and on the Houseboi.com Classifieds, without restriction whatsoever. Any Content submitted with the consent of a copyright owner other than you should contain a phrase such as "Copyright owned by [name of owner]; Used by Permission." By submitting Content to any Interactive Area, you automatically grant and/or warrant that the owner of such Content, whether it be You or a third party, has expressly granted to the Houseboi.com Classifieds the royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, unrestricted, worldwide right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, sublicense, distribute, perform, and display such Content, in whole or in part, worldwide and/or to incorporate it in other works in any form, media, or technology now known or later developed for the full term of any Intellectual Property Rights that may exist in such Content. You also permit the Houseboi.com Classifieds to sublicense to third parties the unrestricted right to exercise any of the foregoing rights granted with respect to such Content.
You also permit any User to access, view, store and reproduce the Content for personal use.
3. Interactive Areas
You acknowledge that the Houseboi.com Classifieds may include various interactive areas ("Interactive Areas"), including but not limited to classified ads.
These Interactive Areas allow feedback to the Houseboi.com Classifieds and real-time interaction between users.
You further understand that the Houseboi.com Classifieds does not control the messages, information, or files delivered to such Interactive Areas and that the Houseboi.com Classifieds may offer you and other Users the capability of creating and managing an Interactive Area.	However, neither the Houseboi.com Classifieds, its subsidiary and parent companies, or affiliates, nor their respective directors, officers, employees and agents are responsible for Content within any Interactive Area. Your use and/or management of an Interactive Area will be governed by this Agreement and any additional rules or operating procedures of any Interactive Area established by you or another User, as applicable. You recognize that the Houseboi.com Classifieds cannot, and does not intend to, screen communications in advance. Moreover, because the Houseboi.com Classifieds encourages open and candid communication in the Interactive Areas, the Houseboi.com Classifieds cannot determine in advance the accuracy or conformance to this Agreement of any Content transmitted in an Interactive Area. The Houseboi.com Classifieds is not responsible for screening, policing, editing, reviewing or monitoring any Content in an Interactive Area. Notwithstanding the above, you agree that the Houseboi.com Classifieds has the right to monitor any Interactive Area, from time to time and to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any law, regulation or other governmental request, to operate the Interactive Area, or to protect itself or other Users. If notified of Content that is alleged not to conform to this Agreement, the Houseboi.com Classifieds may investigate the allegation and determine in its sole discretion whether to remove or request the User to remove such Content. The Houseboi.com Classifieds reserves the right to prohibit conduct, communication or Content within an Interactive Area, or to edit, refuse to post, or to remove any Content, in whole or in part, which it deems in its sole discretion to (i) violate the then-standard provisions of this Agreement or any other standard, written Houseboi.com Classifieds policy in effect at that time,
(ii) be harmful to the rights of any User, the Houseboi.com Classifieds, or other third parties, (iii) violate applicable law, or (iv) be otherwise objectionable.
4. Termination
The only right with respect to dissatisfaction with any policies, guidelines, or practices of the Houseboi.com Classifieds in operating the Houseboi.com Classifieds, or any change in Content, is for you to discontinue accessing the Houseboi.com Classifieds. The Houseboi.com Classifieds may terminate or temporarily suspend your access to all or any part of the Houseboi.com Classifieds, without notice, for conduct that the Houseboi.com Classifieds believes is a violation of this Agreement or any policies or guidelines posted by the Houseboi.com Classifieds, or for other conduct which the Houseboi.com Classifieds believes, in its sole discretion, is harmful to the Houseboi.com Classifieds or other Users. The Houseboi.com Classifieds may discontinue operating the Houseboi.com Classifieds and terminate this Agreement without notice at any time for any reason in its sole discretion. In the event of termination, you are no longer authorized to access the Houseboi.com Classifieds, including the Interactive Areas, and the restrictions imposed on you with respect to Content downloaded from the Houseboi.com Classifieds, as well as the disclaimers and limitations of liabilities set forth in this agreement, shall survive.
5. Links; Disclaimers Of Warranties; Limitations of Liability
5.1 Links. You understand that except for Content, products or services expressly available at the Houseboi.com Classifieds, neither the Houseboi.com Classifieds, its subsidiary and parent companies, or affiliates, or their respective directors, officers, employees, and agents controls, provides, or is responsible for any Content, goods or services available through sites on the Internet linked to or from the Houseboi.com Classifieds. All such Content, goods and services are made accessible on the Internet by independent third parties and are not part of the Houseboi.com Classifieds or controlled by the Houseboi.com Classifieds. The Houseboi.com Classifieds neither endorses nor is responsible for the accuracy, completeness, usefulness, quality or availability of any Content, goods or services available on any site linked to or from the Houseboi.com Classifieds, which are the sole responsibility of such independent third parties, and your use thereof is solely at your own risk. Neither the Houseboi.com Classifieds, its subsidiary and parent companies, or affiliates, or their respective directors, officers, employees, service providers, and agents shall be held responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any loss or damage caused or alleged to have been caused by your use of or reliance on any Content, goods or services available on any site linked to or from the Houseboi.com Classifieds or your inability to access the Internet or any site linked to or from the Houseboi.com Classifieds.
5.2 Disclaimer of Warranties. Please use your best judgment in evaluating all information contained or opinions expressed on the Houseboi.com Classifieds. It is the policy of the Houseboi.com Classifieds not to endorse or oppose any opinion expressed by a User or Content provided by a User, Contributor, or other independent party. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE Houseboi.com Classifieds IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. NEITHER THE Houseboi.com Classifieds NOR ANY OF ITS SUBSIDIARY AND PARENT COMPANIES, OR AFFILIATES, OR THEIR RESPECTIVE DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, CONTRACTORS, AFFILIATES, LICENSORS OR OTHER SUPPLIERS PROVIDING CONTENT, DATA, INFORMATION OR SERVICES WARRANTS THAT THE Houseboi.com Classifieds OR ANY INTERNET SITE LINKED TO OR FROM THE Houseboi.com Classifieds WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THIS SITE, INCLUDING THE INTERACTIVE AREAS, OR THE SERVER THAT MAKES IT AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. NOR DO ANY OF THEM MAKE ANY WARRANTY AS TO THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE Houseboi.com Classifieds OR ANY INTERNET SITE LINKED TO OR FROM THE Houseboi.com Classifieds OR AS TO THE TIMELINESS, SEQUENCE, ACCURACY, AUTHORITY, COMPLETENESS, USEFULNESS, NONINFRINGEMENT, RELIABILITY, AVAILABILITY, OR SUBSTANCE OF ANY CONTENT, INFORMATION, SERVICE, OR TRANSACTION PROVIDED THROUGH THE Houseboi.com Classifieds OR ANY SITE LINKED TO OR FROM THE . THE Houseboi.com Classifieds IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS," "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THOSE OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
5.3 Limitation of Liability. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL THE Houseboi.com Classifieds, ITS SUBSIDIARY AND PARENT COMPANIES, OR AFFILIATES, OR THEIR RESPECTIVE DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, CONTRACTORS, OR LICENSORS, BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES UNDER OR ARISING FROM THIS AGREEMENT, THE Houseboi.com Classifieds, OR ANY INTERNET SITE LINKED TO OR FROM THE Houseboi.com Classifieds, WHETHER FOR BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORTIOUS BEHAVIOR, NEGLIGENCE, OR UNDER ANY OTHER CAUSE OF ACTION, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES CAUSED OR ALLEGEDLY CAUSED BY ANY FAILURE OF PERFORMANCE, ERROR, OMISSION, INTERRUPTION, ELECTRICAL SURGE/DAMAGE/INTERFERENCE, DELETION, DEFECT, DELAY IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION, COMPUTER VIRUS, COMMUNICATIONS LINE FAILURE, BREAKDOWN OF EQUIPMENT, SOFTWARE ERROR, INFRINGEMENT, UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO, OR THEFT, DESTRUCTION, ALTERATION, OR USE OF, RECORDS.
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL THE Houseboi.com Classifieds, ITS SUBSIDIARY AND PARENT COMPANIES, OR AFFILIATES, OR THEIR RESPECTIVE DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, CONTRACTORS, OR LICENSORS, BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY OTHER THIRD PARTY FOR ANY DECISION MADE OR ACTION TAKEN BY YOU IN RELIANCE ON THE CONTENT CONTAINED WITHIN THE Houseboi.com Classifieds OR THE CONTENT CONTAINED WITHIN ANY INTERNET SITE LINKED TO OR FROM THE Houseboi.com Classifieds. THE CONTENT WITHIN THE Houseboi.com Classifieds AND THE CONTENT WITHIN INTERNET SITES LINKED TO OR FROM THE Houseboi.com Classifieds MAY INCLUDE TECHNICAL OR OTHER INACCURACIES OR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS. CHANGES ARE PERIODICALLY ADDED TO THE CONTENT HEREIN; THESE CHANGES WILL BE INCORPORATED IN NEW VERSIONS OF THE Houseboi.com Classifieds AND SPECIFICALLY ARE INCLUDED IN THIS SECTION AGREEMENT. THE Houseboi.com Classifieds AND ITS CONTRIBUTORS MAY MAKE IMPROVEMENTS AND/OR CHANGES IN THE CONTENT AT ANY TIME AND FROM TIME TO TIME.
YOU SPECIFICALLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT THE Houseboi.com Classifieds IS NOT LIABLE FOR ANY DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE, FRAUDULENT, OR OTHERWISE ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF ANY USER.
IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH ANY Houseboi.com Classifieds SITE CONTENT, OR WITH THE ACCESS AGREEMENT OF THE Houseboi.com Classifieds, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE USING THE Houseboi.com Classifieds.
6. Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold the Houseboi.com Classifieds, its parent or subsidiary companies and their affiliates, and their respective directors, officers, employees, and agents from any and all liabilities, claims and expenses, including reasonable attorneys fees, arising from breach of this Agreement, any other policy, your use or access of the Houseboi.com Classifieds or any Internet site linked to or from the Houseboi.com Classifieds, or in connection with the transmission of any Content on the Houseboi.com Classifieds.
7. Eligibility
You must be eighteen or over to register as a member of or use this Site. Membership in the Service is void where prohibited. By using and/or viewing this Site, you represent and warrant that you have the right, authority, and capacity to enter into this agreement and to abide by all of the terms and conditions of this agreement and that you are at least 18-years old (21-years old in AL, MS, NE, WY, and any other location where 18 is not the age of majority) - who are interested in and wish to have access to visual images, verbal and written descriptions and audio sounds of a sexually oriented, and frankly erotic nature. The materials, which are available within this Site may include graphic visual depictions and descriptions of nudity and sexual activity and should not be accessed by anyone who is younger than 18-years old (21-years old in AL, MS, NE, WY, and any other location where 18 is not the age of majority) or who is offended by such materials or who does not wish to be exposed to such materials. Commercially available parental control protections (such as computer hardware, software, or filtering services) may assist you in limiting access to material that is harmful to minors.
By using and/or viewing this Site you represent and warrant under penalty of perjury the following:
A) That you are an adult, at least 18-years of age (21-years old in AL, MS, NE, WY, and any other location where 18 is not the age of majority).
B) That you will not permit any person(s) under 18-years of age (21-years old in AL, MS, NE, WY, and any other location where 18 is not the age of majority) to have access to any of the materials contained within this Site.
C) That you understand that when you gain access to this Site, you will be exposed to visual images, verbal descriptions and audio sounds of a sexually oriented, frankly erotic nature, which may include graphic visual depictions and descriptions of nudity and sexual activity. You are voluntarily choosing to do so, because you want to view, read and/or hear the various materials which are available, for your own personal enjoyment, information and/or education. Your choice is a manifestation of your interest in sexual matters which, you believe, is both healthy and normal and which, in your experience, is generally shared by average adults in your community. You further represent and warrant that you are familiar with the standards in your community regarding the acceptance of such sexually oriented materials, and the materials you expect to encounter are within those standards. In your judgment, the average adult in your community accepts the consumption of such materials by willing adults in circumstances such as this which offer reasonable insulation from the materials for minors and unwilling adults, and will not find such materials to appeal to a prurient interest or to be patently offensive.
D) That you further represent and warrant that you have not notified any governmental agency, including the U.S. postal service, that you do not wish to receive sexually oriented material.
E) That you represent and warrant that you have not and will not use and/or view the Site(s) in a restricted location - namely a place, country, or location in which doing so would, or could be deemed a violation of any law, regulation, rule, ordinance, edict or custom.
8. Non-Commercial Use by Members/Viewers
The Houseboi.com Classifieds Site is for the personal use of individual Members and Viewers only and may not be used in connection with any commercial endeavors. Organizations, companies, and/or businesses may not become Members of Houseboi.com Classifieds and should not use the Houseboi.com Classifieds Service or Site for any purpose. Illegal and/or unauthorized uses of the Site, including unauthorized framing of or linking to the Site or the sending of unsolicited Bulk commercial e-mail will be investigated, and appropriate legal action will be taken, including without limitation, civil, criminal, and injunctive redress.
9. Miscellaneous
This Agreement comprises the entire agreement between the Houseboi.com Classifieds and you, and supersedes any prior agreements with respect to the subject matter herein. The Houseboi.com Classifieds may revise this Agreement or any other policy at any time and from time to time, and such revision shall be effective two (2) days upon posting notice of such revision prominently on the Houseboi.com Classifieds. You agree to review this Agreement periodically to be aware of such revisions. If any such revision is unacceptable to you, you must discontinue accessing the Houseboi.com Classifieds. Your continued accessing and use of the Houseboi.com Classifieds following notice of any such revision shall conclusively be deemed acceptance of all such revisions. The provisions of Sections 1.2, 2.1, 2.2, 5.1, 5.2, 5.3, 6 and 7 shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement. If any provision of this Agreement or any other policy be held invalid or unenforceable, that portion shall be construed in accordance with applicable law as nearly as possible to reflect the original intention of the parties and the remaining portions will continue in full force and effect. The failure of the Houseboi.com Classifieds to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the state or province of domicile of the Houseboi.com Classifieds, excluding its conflict of laws rules, and you and the Houseboi.com Classifieds each submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of that state or province. This Agreement is personal to you and you may not assign your rights or obligations thereunder to anyone. All logos, brand names, products, trademarks and service marks appearing herein may be the trademarks or service marks of their respective owners. References to any trademark, service mark and links to or from the Houseboi.com Classifieds have been done strictly for clarification and identification and does not constitute endorsement by the Houseboi.com Classifieds of the products, services or information offered by the owner of such trademark, service mark or link or endorsement of the Houseboi.com Classifieds by such trademark, service mark or link owner.
9.1 Digital Millennium Copyright Act Notices
Digital Millennium Copyright Act Notices
Pursuant to Title 17, United States Code, Section 512(c)(2), notifications of claimed copyright infringement should be sent to Houseboi.com Classifieds Designated Agent.
THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION IS PROVIDED EXCLUSIVELY FOR NOTIFYING THE SERVICE PROVIDERS REFERENCED BELOW THAT YOUR COPYRIGHTED MATERIAL MAY HAVE BEEN INFRINGED. ALL OTHER INQUIRIES (e.g., REQUESTS FOR TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE OR CUSTOMER SERVICE, REPORTS OF EMAIL ABUSE, AND PIRACY REPORTS), WILL NOT RECEIVE A RESPONSE THROUGH THIS PROCESS.
Written notification must be submitted to the following Designated Agent:
Name of Agent Designated to Receive Notification Of Claimed Infringement:
- Designated Agent
- Full Address of Designated Agent to Which Notification Should be Sent:
HB, P.O. Box 181, Fort Myers, FL 33902
- Email Address of Designated Agent: designatedagent@houseboi.com or webmaster@houseboi.com
To be effective, pursuant to Title 17, United States Code, Section 512(c)(3)(A), the Notification must include the following:
- An electronic or physical signature of the owner or of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest;
- A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed, and a description of the infringing activity including of where the material which you claim is infringing is located on the Houseboi.com Classifieds Site sufficient to allow us to locate the material;
- Identification of the location where the original or an authorized copy of the copyrighted work exists, for example the URL of the website where it is posted or the number of the ad in which it has been published, your address, telephone number, and e-mail address;
- A statement by you that you have a good-faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
- A statement by you made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.
10. Subscriptions/Payments
Your membership will automatically renew at the current rate you subscribed at (unless you started with the trial periord which renews at 30 dollars a month) for the time periord your rate applies too unless you cancel.
All Credit Card charges will show up on your statement as W C C S, Inc. All financial transactions are processed through iKobo.com, IBill.com or NetBilling.com.
To cancel a subscription, look for the customer service link from the website to which you are subscribed This would be iBill.com in most all cases. When you get to the customer service page, look for the link to the subscriptions you have with us, and when viewing it click on "cancel my subscription," and press it.
Cancellations take effect at the next renewal date. Your subscription will be valid and will operate normally until it expires, but it will not renew, and you will not have access after it's expiration.
Use this link If you need to Cancel a subscription -> https://secure.netbilling.com/gw/native/selfservice1.2?110170945410:001
It will search your account for you.
If you need additional help in cancellation, please visit our customer service area.
Refunds can not be issued. If you wish a Subscription to not go through (or renew) please cancel it before it actually re bills as you agreed to when you signed up for the membership period you picked.
11. Further more
This website is offered as an E-magazine, similar to a printed publication, and is NOT an escort service.
The individuals listed on Houseboi.com are not employees, nor are they associated with Houseboi.com in any manner. A listing on Houseboi.com should not be considered a personal recommendation by the owners/publishers of the website. Please direct any and all inquiries regarding this matter to webmaster@houseboi.com
Read the following. If you understand it and agree to it,	 you may continue.
If you are under 21 years of age or if it is illegal to view adult oriented material in your community, please leave now. We cannot be held responsible for your actions. Continuing past this point means that you understand and accept the responsibility for your own actions, thus releasing the creators of this Web site as well as our service provider from all liability.
We strongly support parental controls on the Internet.
By Continuing to use Houseboi.com Classifieds you certify, in addition to the above, the following:
I am at least 21 years of age.
The material I'm viewing is for my own personal use and isn't to be viewed by minors or anyone else but myself.
I am not a U.S. POSTAL OFFICIAL or LAW ENFORCEMENT AGENT or acting as an agent thereof, attempting to obtain any evidence for the prosecution of any individual or CORPORATION or for the purpose of entrapment.
I desire to receive and haven't notified the POSTAL SERVICE or any OTHER, GOVERNMENTAL AGENCY to intercept sexually explicit material.
I can stop receiving such material at any time by logging off now and not returning.
I believe, that as an adult, I've the unalienable right to read and/or view any type of material that I choose.
That at no time, will minors be subjected to said material of any kind.
By going to the any page and/or by looking at anything on this site you are agreeing that the material contained herein is not obscene or offensive in any way nor could ever be construed to be so, nor could any sexually explicit material of any kind ever be considered obscene or offensive. You also certifying that the material presented here is not illegal or considered obscene in your street, village, community, city, state, province or country.
By participating in any Houseboi.com Classifieds event, on-line or off-line, you agree to release and hold Houseboi.com Classifieds, its subsidiary and parent companies, or affiliates, or their respective directors, officers, employees, service providers, and agents harmless from any and all losses, damages, rights, claims, and actions of any kind including, without limitation, personal injuries, death, and property damage, either directly or indirectly related to or arising from your participation in any such offline Houseboi.com Classifieds event.
If you are unsure, do not use Houseboi.com Classifieds.
Search Ads
Place Ads
Edit Ads
My Profile
My Checklist
Match Maker
Help
Homepage> MessageCenter> FAQ - Questions> Support> > > Member Benefits?>What's a Houseboi?> Classifieds
Browse Ads - Advanced Search
Proud  Member of the Free Speech Coalition
Currently Houseboi.com relies on Donations and Subscriptions!Click to become a Full Member NOW!!
Terms of Use | Privacy Statement
Content copyright © 1995-2020 Houseboi.com. All rights reserved.
Please send your questions, comments, or bug reports to the
Webmaster.
Powered by houseboi.com.Copyright © 1995-2020All rights reserved.
8:37