http://www.lionsden.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
OUR GUARANTEE
Your right to privacy is assured. Your Lion's Den purchases arrive securely packaged with no indication of their contents. Even your credit card statement is billed from LD DOT COM. Your privacy is of utmost concern to us and we make our database information available to NO ONE.
Internet Explorer Users
You may receive a warning that content on secure pages "will not be delivered using a secure HTTPS connection." The warning may look something like this:
This warning is caused by a bug in Internet Explorer. Our content is delivered over https and is safe.
If you receive this annoying and misleading security warning, the easiest way to get rid of it is to enable mixed content in your browser. To do so, click here and look for "Answer."
Cookies Information: When you visit lionsden.com, we may send one or more cookies – a small text file containing a string of alphanumeric characters – to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser. lionsden.com uses both session cookies and persistent cookies. A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser. Persistent cookies may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the site. Persistent cookies can be removed by following your web browser help file directions. A session cookie is temporary and disappears after you close your browser. You can reset your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some features of lionsden.com may not function properly if the ability to accept cookies is disabled.
Log File Information: When you use lionsden.com, our servers automatically record certain information that your web browser sends whenever you visit any website. These server logs may include information such as your web request, Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, browser language, referring / exit pages and URLs, platform type, number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed and the order of those pages, the amount of time spent on particular pages, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
The Way lionsden.com Uses Information:
If you submit personally identifiable information to us through the lionsden.com, then we use your personal information to operate, maintain, and provide to you the features and functionality of the lionsden.com.
Any personal information or photo/video content that you voluntarily disclose online (on discussion boards, in messages and chat areas, within your public profile page, etc.) becomes publicly available and can be collected and used by others. Your account name (not your email address) is displayed to other Users when you upload videos or send messages through the lionsden.com Sites and other Users can contact you through messages and comments. Any videos that you submit to the lionsden.com may be redistributed through the internet and other media channels, and may be viewed by the general public.
We do not use your email address or other personally identifiable information to send commercial or marketing messages without your consent or except as part of a specific program or feature for which you will have the ability to opt–in or opt–out. We may, however, use your email address without further consent for non–marketing or administrative purposes (such as notifying you of major lionsden.com changes or for customer service purposes).
We use both your personally identifiable information and certain non–personally–identifiable information (such as anonymous User usage data, cookies, IP addresses, browser type, clickstream data, etc.) to improve the quality and design of the lionsden.com Sites and to create new features, promotions, functionality, and services by storing, tracking, and analyzing User preferences and trends.
We use cookies and log file information to:
Remember information so that you will not have to re–enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the lionsden.com;
Provide custom, personalized content and information;
Monitor the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns;
Monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, pages viewed, etc.;
Track your entries, submissions, and status in promotions, sweepstakes, and contests.
When lionsden.com Discloses Information:
We provide personally identifiable information and non–personally–identifiable information to our subsidiaries, affiliated companies, or other businesses or persons for the purpose of processing such information on our behalf. We require that these parties agree to process such information in compliance with our privacy policy, and we use reasonable efforts to limit their use of such information and to use other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
We do not share your personally identifiable information (such as name or email address) with other, third–party companies for their commercial or marketing use without your consent or except as part of a specific program or feature for which you will have the ability to opt–in or opt–out.
We do share non–personally–identifiable information (such as anonymous User usage data, referring / exit pages and URLs, platform types, number of clicks, etc.) with interested third–parties to assist them in understanding the usage patterns for certain content, services, advertisements, promotions, and/or functionality on the lionsden.com Sites.
We may release personally identifiable information and/or non–personally–identifiable information if required to do so by law, or in the good–faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with state and federal laws (such as U.S. Copyright Law) or respond to a court order, subpoena, or search warrant.
lionsden.com also reserves the right to disclose personally identifiable information and/or non–personally–identifiable information that lionsden.com believes, in good faith, is appropriate or necessary to enforce our Terms, take precautions against liability, to investigate and defend itself against any third–party claims or allegations, to assist government enforcement agencies, to protect the security or integrity of our web site, and to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of lionsden.com, our Users or others.
How we secure your information on our site:
We have implemented the following types of security measures to keep our web-site safe: limited access data-centers, firewall technology, and (for our e-Commerce sites through which you may place orders) secure-socket-layer (SSL) certificate authentication. SSL is encryption technology that provides security for information that's transmitted over the Internet.
While we implement the above security measures on our site, you should be aware that 100% security is not always possible.
Live Chat
Locate a Store
LD Rewards™
Careers
Store FAQs
Warranty
Lion's Den Online Store
Customer Service Hours:
M - F: 9am - 6pm PST
Sat & Sun: 9am - 5pm PST
Call Us: 1.855.340.5304
Email Us
Account
Order Lookup
Online FAQs
Shipping
Returns
Warranty
Lion's Den Video On Demand
Customer Service Hours:
M - F: 8am - 10pm EST
Sat, Noon - 8pm EST
Call Us: 1.888.505.6944
Int'l: 001.724.776.9072
Email Us
Live Chat
Account
Order Lookup
VOD FAQs
Shipping
Returns
2257 Compliance Statement
Privacy Policy
About Us
Site Map
© 2013 Lion's Den. All Rights Reserved.