http://www.acceleratedweb.com/privacy.shtm
Hosting
Technology
FAQs
Support
Sign Up
Contact us
Privacy Policy
Information Collection
Accelerated Web Technologies, L.L.C. (hereafter
referred to as AcceleratedWeb) is the sole
owner of the information collected on acceleratedweb.com. AcceleratedWeb
collects information from our users at several different points on our website.
Sign Up Form
In order to use services offered by AcceleratedWeb, a user must
first sign up by completing the sign up process. During which a user is required
to give contact information (such as name and email address) and financial
information (such as credit card number and its expiration date) which is used
for billing purposes.
Support & Contact
We request information from the user in our Support and Contact
Us sections. A user shall provide contact information (such as name, email) and
account's information (customer id, account id), if available. This information
is used by our support personal to handle user's requests.
Information Sharing
Legal Disclaimer: Though we make every
effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information
when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is
necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order,
subpoena, or legal process served on
our website.
Links
This website contains links to other websites. Please be aware
that we, AcceleratedWeb, are not responsible for the privacy practices of such
other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to
read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally
identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information
collected by this Web site.
Updates
Please do not send us any billing information or any other
sensitive information via email. To change your contact/billing information fill
out form at
https://secure.acceleratedweb.com/cc_update.htm and or
https://secure.acceleratedweb.com/contactus.htm
Security
While we cannot guarantee information collected on our website to
be 100% secure, we do everything in our power to make it as secure as possible.
We do this by utilizing industry-standard SSL/TLS to encrypt
data received from your PC by our secure forms, password encryption to protect
your data from unauthorized access, firewall and physical security to protect
unauthorized access to servers where your information is stored.
This Policy Changes
We may at any time, without notice to you and in our sole discretion,
amend this statement from time to time. Please review this statement
periodically. Your continued use of AcceleratedWeb's website after any such
amendments signifies your acceptance thereof.
Contact Information
If users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy
policy, please
contact us.
Home •
Hosting •
Technology •
FAQ •
Support •
Sign Up •
Contact us
Copyright © 2000-2020 Accelerated Web Technologies, LLC
All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions