https://www.thelondontanners.com/privacy-purchasing-shipping-policies/
Search
Home
My Account
Blog
The New London Tanners Blog
Historic Blog
Links to other blogs
Shop
All Products
Custom Made Products
Complete Sets
New Products
The Domestic Discipline Series
The Traditional Series
The Corporal Punishment Series
About Us
Contact us
About Us
Privacy, Purchasing & Shipping Policies
Our Leather
Customer comments
Newsletter
Mail Customer Service
Search for:
[woocs]
Items (0)
€0,00
Privacy, Purchasing & Shipping Policies
Home » Privacy, Purchasing & Shipping Policies
Should you ever need any advice or information please email us at: CustomerService@TheLondonTanners.com
Privacy
The London Tanners Privacy Policy is quite simple. We assure you the utmost discretion.  All items are shipped to you in a plain brown package showing Nick Schoenmakers as the sender of the package. Your privacy is important to you and to us, so we will never sell, trade or barter your personal information.
Ordering
You will be advised by email when we have received your order / payment, and when we expect to ship it.  All normal orders are usually processed within 48 hours.  Over the last few years the worldwide demand for our implements has grown enormously and we are often out of stock of a particular implements, So please allow up to 30 working days to custom make and ship your unique order. The London Tanners refuse to compromise quality by rushing out orders.
Payment
Payment in full, including shipping, must accompany your order. All payments must be made in Euro. Other currencies used to make a payment will automatically be converted by your bank or Credit Card Company. If you need any assistance with your payment please do not hesitate to contact us.
Shipping/Handling/Insurance
We ship worldwide. We now offer FREE shipping to Europe USA only 9.95,- . Since we ship worldwide and shipping rates are based on location, you will not see the total cost of shipping and handling until you are on your check-out page, before you complete your order.
INTERNATIONAL TRACK & SIGNED FOR AIRMAIL
(Requires your signature, is insured, and traceable.Â This is the only way we ship internationally, to ensure you order arrives timely and safely.)
UK & Europe
FREE
Estimated Delivery 3-5 working days. (after proccesing the implements)
USA/Canada
9.95 per order.
Estimated delivery time is 5-15 working days.(after proccesing the implements)
Notice: delivery time might be affected by clearance time at the destination country customs.
Insurance
All regular packages are insured up to the total value of the items in the parcel. We will not be held responsible for undelivered or misdirected mail please ensure your delivery address is correct when placing the order.
Refund Policy
If you are not happy with any of our implements, items must be returned in good condition. You are responsible for the cost of shipping the item(s) back to us within 14 days.  We will replace the item for you
In the unlikely event the reason for your return is that the item is damaged, please contact us so that we can begin making a replacement for you. We will not refund you for the cost to ship any damaged item back to us.
Please contact us to let us know you are sending an implement back. We are always pleased to advise you on choices via email prior to your order.
The London Tanners is not responsible for any lost parcels or damage by the shipping service, but will assist where we can to resolve any issues.
Order Cancellation Policy
Please submit any cancellation notice via email to customerservice@TheLondonTanners.com. You have 7 days to cancel your order (from date item/s is received). Cancellations can only be done by email and must contain the following: First name, last name, order number, and email address. This information must be identical to the information originally submitted on your order. Please provide this and additional contact information so that we can contact you if we have questions regarding your cancellation.
Custom Made orders Policy
Special made/custom made orders (i.e. initials placed on implements, one of a kind request pieces) are not subject to the above refund and cancellation policies.  If you desire to cancel an order, please contact us within 1 day from your original order date.  If you cancel your order after that time, your will not be refunded, and your items will be shipped to you.  If you receive your custom made order and any of the items are damaged upon arrival, please follow the above refund procedure to receive a replacement implement.
By clicking ENTER, I certify that I'm over the age of 18.
ENTER
EXIT