http://www.dawgfilms.com/faqs/privacy-policy/
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information
practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make
it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect:
Is
only used for the shipping of our products, we do not sell our customer information to any outside
vendors.
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on DAWG FILMS website.
On some pages, you can order products and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name:
Shipping Address:
Email address:
Phone number:
The Way We Use Information:
Shipping of the products.
Informing past customers of new releases.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy,
and ensure the correct use of
information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information:
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by emailing us your transaction information. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
How To Contact Us:
Dawg Media, Inc.
PO Box 780339
Orlando, FL 32878
Email: webmaster@dawgfilms.com
Phone: 305.767.DAWG ( 3294 )
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, feel free to contact us.
Titles
BCR Madness 2002
BCR Madness 2003
BCR Madness 2004
BCR Madness 2005
BCR Madness 2006
BCR Madness 2007
Black Bike Week 2002
Empress The Island Princess
Give Me Samone
Memorial Day Miami Volume 1
Memorial Day Miami Volume 2
Simply Fabulous
Tales From The Barbershop
No Credit Card? Order By Mail
Safe Shopping & Discreet Shipping
Secure Payment System / Priority Mail Shipping
Follow Us!