https://www.iubenda.com/privacy-policy/45589042
Privacy Policy of www.projectvoyeur.com
This Website collects some Personal Data from its Users.
Personal Data collected for the following purposes and using the following services:
Analytics
Google Analytics
Personal Data: Cookies; Usage Data
Contacting the User
Contact form
Personal Data: email address; first name; last name; User ID
Content commenting
Comment system managed directly
Personal Data: email address; Usage Data; username
Content performance and features testing (A/B testing)
Google Optimize
Personal Data: Cookies; Usage Data
Data transfer outside the EU
Data transfer abroad based on standard contractual clauses, Data transfer to countries that guarantee European standards and Other legal basis for Data transfer abroad
Personal Data: various types of Data
Device permissions for Personal Data access
Device permissions for Personal Data access
Personal Data: Approximate location permission (continuous); Camera permission; Microphone permission
Displaying content from external platforms
Google Fonts
Personal Data: Usage Data; various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service
YouTube video widget and Vimeo video
Personal Data: Cookies; Usage Data
Interaction with external social networks and platforms
AddThis
Personal Data: Cookies; Usage Data
Location-based interactions
Geolocation
Personal Data: geographic position
Managing contacts and sending messages
SparkPost
Personal Data: email address; various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service
Registration and authentication
Direct registration
Personal Data: date of birth; email address; password; picture; profile picture; User ID; username; various types of Data
Social features
Public profile
Personal Data: city; country; date of birth; email address; gender; geographic position; picture; province; state; username
Tag Management
Google Tag Manager
Personal Data: Usage Data
Further information about Personal Data
Analysis and predictions based on the User’s Data (“profiling”)
The Owner may use the Personal and Usage Data collected through this Website to create or update User profiles. This type of Data processing allows the Owner to evaluate User choices, preferences and behaviour for the purposes outlined in the respective section of this document.
User profiles can also be created through the use of automated tools like algorithms, which can also be provided by third parties. To find out more about the profiling activities performed, Users can check the relevant sections of this document.
The User always has a right to object to this kind of profiling activity. To find out more about the User's rights and how to exercise them, the User is invited to consult the section of this document outlining the rights of the User.
Automated decision-making
Automated decision-making means that a decision which is likely to have legal effects or similarly significant effects on the User, is taken solely by technological means, without any human intervention.
This Website may use the User's Personal Data to make decisions entirely or partially based on automated processes according to the purposes outlined in this document.
This Website adopts automated decision-making processes as far as necessary to enter into or perform a contract between User and Owner, or on the basis of the User’s explicit consent, where such consent is required by the law.
Automated decisions are made by technological means – mostly based on algorithms subject to predefined criteria – which may also be provided by third parties.
The rationale behind the automated decision making is:
to enable or otherwise improve the decision-making process;
to grant Users fair and unbiased treatment based on consistent and uniform criteria;
to reduce the potential harm derived from human error, personal bias and the like which may potentially lead to discrimination or imbalance in the treatment of individuals etc.;
to reduce the risk of User's failure to meet their obligation under a contract.
To find out more about the purposes, the third-party services, if any, and any specific rationale for automated decisions used within this Website, Users can check the relevant sections in this document.
Consequences of automated decision-making processes for Users and rights of Users subjected to it
As a consequence, Users subject to such processing, are entitled to exercise specific rights aimed at preventing or otherwise limiting the potential effects of the automated decisions taken.
In particular, Users have the right to:
obtain an explanation about any decision taken as a result of automated decision-making and express their point of view regarding this decision;
challenge a decision by asking the Owner to reconsider it or take a new decision on a different basis;
request and obtain from the Owner human intervention on such processing.
To learn more about the User’s rights and the means to exercise them, the User is invited to consult the section of this document relating to the rights of the User.
Selling goods and services online
The Personal Data collected are used to provide the User with services or to sell goods, including payment and possible delivery.
The Personal Data collected to complete the payment may include the credit card, the bank account used for the transfer, or any other means of payment envisaged. The kind of Data collected by this Website depends on the payment system used.
Contact information
Owner and Data Controller
Sharpe Dezine. Dokweg 29 B, 1976 CA IJmuiden, The Netherlands
Owner contact email: help@projectvoyeur.com
Latest update: May 15, 2018
iubenda hosts this content and only collects the Personal Data strictly necessary for it to be provided.
Show the complete Privacy Policy