http://www.flash-in-public.com/privacy.html
Privacy Policy
Statement
We can be reached via e-mail at webmaster@flash-in-public.com
This Privacy Policy Statement sets forth the policies and
practices with respect to information or data gathered regarding
subscribers and members of this Site. This is an adult Site that expressly
and strictly limits its membership to adults. All persons under the age of
18 are strictly prohibited from accessing or viewing the contents of this
Site.
This Site does not knowingly seek or collect any personal
information or data from persons under the age of 18.
CAREFULLY READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY STATEMENT BECAUSE BY
YOUR SUBSCRIPTION TO AND USE OF THIS SITE YOU WILL BE EXPRESSLY SIGNIFYING
THAT YOU AGREE TO THIS POLICY STATEMENT AND THAT YOU ASSENT TO THE USE OF
ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION THAT YOU SUPPLY OR THAT IS COLLECTED ABOUT YOU AS
DETAILED IN THIS POLICY STATEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT EXPRESSLY AGREE WITH ALL
OF THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY STATEMENT YOU SHOULD NOT SUBSCRIBE TO
OR USE THIS SITE.
NOTICE - USE OF THIS WEBSITE BY THE MEMBER CONSTITUTES THE
EXPRESS CONSENT OF THE MEMBER TO THE USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED
BY SITE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS POLICY.
What Information
About Members is Collected?
Prior to acceptance as
a Member or Subscriber of this Site, consumers will be required to provide
certain personal as well as demographic information. This Site collects any and all such
information and includes it in its customer database.
If the Site features
or conducts any special events, special promotions or offers, contests or
polls, a Member of the Site may be asked to provide information in order
to participate, if the Member voluntarily provides that information, all
such information may be collected by the Site and included in its customer
database.
When a Member of this
Site requests webpages from the Site's server or clicks on banners or
other hypertext links, the Site will automatically collect some
information or data about the Member, including the Member's IP address,
the information that is collected may also indicate any special
preferences or requests of the Member; all that information and data will
be collected by the Site and included in its customer database.
If a Member sends any
personal communication or correspondence, by any means, to the Site, or
any of its employees, agents or representatives, the Site may collect any
information regarding that communication and include that information in
its customer database.
The Site may also
automatically collect traffic and click-through data as well as
information regarding the online behavior of Members by the use of
"cookies"or other programming means - any information about Members
collected by the Site through the use of cookies or other programming
means may be included in its customer database.
You may obtain further
information about "cookies" and how they function at: http://www.cookiecentral.com/.
Use of Personal
Member Information.
By the Member's use of
the Site, the Member expressly agrees that the Site may use any personal
information that has been provided by the Member or that has been
collected by the Site about the Member for any purpose, including without
limitation, technical, administration, research and development, customer
administration, marketing, trading in Personal Data, age verification,
promotional and advertising use by the Site or third parties authorized to
use the information by the Site.
By the Member's use of
the Site, the Member expressly agrees that the Site may, in its sole
discretion share, disclose, transfer, rent, license or sell any of the
personal information about Members that it has gathered or collected with
affiliated or unaffiliated third parties.
Please note that
personal information about a Member may be collected by a third-party web
service provider that has an advertising banner or link on the Site.
The Site is not
responsible or liable for the use of any information that a Member may
provide, or that is gathered by third-party websites that have banner ads
or links on the Site. This Site does not control, monitor or endorse the
information gathering practices or Privacy Policies of any of those
third-party websites.
Whenever applicable,
each Member should seek to read the Privacy Policy of any third-party
website provider that has an advertising banner, advertises or has a link
on the Site.
Security of
Personal Information Collected by the Site.
Consistent with the
Policies set forth in this Privacy Statement, the Site has adopted and
implemented reasonable and technologically feasible procedures for
maintaining the security, accuracy and integrity of all personal
information relating to Members that is collected by the Site.
All Members should
consider any information provided to or collected by the Site as
non-confidential, and consequently the Site assumes no liability or
responsibility if any information relating to any Member is intercepted
and/or used by an unintended recipient.
"OPT-IN" and
"OPT-OUT" Provisions.
There may be occasions
when a Member will be presented with special offers either from the
operators of the Site or from third-party service or content providers,
which may include consent to receive e-mail solicitations, communications,
newsletters, commercial advertising, or other promotional or special event
materials (collectively referred to as "Offers").
"OPT-IN" -- Some
Offers may be presented to the Member with the option to express the
subsciber's preference by either clicking or entering "accept"
(alternatively "yes") or "decline" (alternatively "no"). By selecting or
clicking the "accept" or "yes" the Member indicates that the Member
"OPTS-IN" to that Offer and thereby agrees and assents that the Member's
personal information and data may be disclosed to third-parties.
"OPT-OUT" -- Other
Offers may be presented with a pre-selected preference or choice. If the
Member does not deselect the pre-selected preference of choice (i.e.
"OPT-OUT" of the Offer) then the Site may transfer the Member's personal
profile information to the third-party service or content provider making
the Offer. If the Member deselects the pre-selected preference then no
personal information about the Member may be disclosed to any third-party
service or content provider.
"OPT-OUT"
Revocation Procedure.
The Site also offers
all Members a procedure for "Opting-Out" if the Member subsequently
chooses to revoke any consent to receive Offers by sending an e-mail to webmaster@flash-in-public.com,
clearly stating that the Member has revoked consent to receive any future
Offers.
Data
Controller.
The Data Controller
for all personal information collected about Members of the site can be
reached by e-mail at webmaster@flash-in-public.com.
The Data Controller has the authority to resolve all issues regarding the
collection, modification, correction, deletion and use of the personal
information that has been collected by the Site.
Review of
Personal Information by Member/Means of Challenging Data.
A Member to this Site
can review any personal information collected by the Site relating to that
Member by sending an e-mail to the Site's DATA CONTROLLER at webmaster@flash-in-public.com,
clearly stating that the Member wishes to review the Member's personal
information which has been collected by the Site.
The individual Member
shall have the following rights with respect to any personal information
gathered by the Site:
to obtain from a
data controller, or otherwise, confirmation of whether or not the data
controller has data relating to him;
to have
communicated to him, data relating to him within a reasonable time; at a
charge, if any, that is not excessive; in a reasonable manner; and in a
form that is readily intelligible to him;
to be given reasons
if a request made under subparagraphs(a) and (b) is denied, and to be
able to challenge such denial; and
to challenge data
relating to him and, if the challenge is successful to have the data
erased, rectified, completed or amended.
Terms and
Conditions of Membership.
Each Member should
carefully read each of the terms and conditions of Membership of this
Site. By accepting membership to this Site you are unconditionally
accepting all of those terms and conditions. Some of those terms and
conditions may also affect the right of this Site to use information that
it has gathered from Members.
In the event of any
conflicts between the Membership Terms the Conditions and this Privacy
Policy Statement, the provisions of this Privacy Policy shall control.