https://www.sexswing.com/about-us/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Free Headrest & Discreet Shipping*
LEGAL: Privacy Policy · Terms of Service · Disclaimer
Updated
March 22nd, 2019
Your privacy is important to SexSwing.com.  This privacy statement provides information about the personal information that SexSwing.com collects, and the ways in which SexSwing.com uses that personal information.
Personal information collection
SexSwing.com may collect and use the following kinds of personal information:
information about your use of this website including page and cart history;
information that you provide using for the purpose of registering with the website;
information about transactions carried out over this website;
information that you provide for the purpose of subscribing to the website services including mailing lists; and
any other information that you send to SexSwing.com.
Using personal information
SexSwing.com may use your personal information to:
administer this website;
personalize the website for you;
enable your access to and use of the website services;
send to you products that you purchase;
collect payments from you;
Where SexSwing.com discloses your personal information to its agents or sub-contractors for these purposes, the agent or sub-contractor in question will be obligated to use that personal information in accordance with the terms of this privacy statement.
In addition to the disclosures reasonably necessary for the purposes identified elsewhere above, SexSwing.com may disclose your personal information to the extent that it is required to do so by law, in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings, and in order to establish, exercise or defend its legal rights.
Securing your data
SexSwing.com will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
SexSwing.com will store all the personal information you provide on its servers.
Information relating to electronic transactions entered into via this website will be  protected by encryption technology.
Cookies
This website uses cookies.  By using this website and agreeing to this policy, you consent to SexSwing.com's use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy.
Cookies are files sent by web servers to web browsers, and stored by the web browsers.
The information is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.  This enables a web server to identify and track web browsers.
There are two main kinds of cookies: session cookies and persistent cookies.  Session cookies are deleted from your computer when you close your browser, whereas persistent cookies remain stored on your computer until deleted, or until they reach their expiry date.
Cookies on our website
SexSwing.com uses the following cookies on this website, for the following purposes:
Tracking Site Usage
Keeping your shopping cart updated
Maintaining logged in status
Google cookies
SexSwing.com uses Google Analytics to analyze the use of this website.  Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users' computers.  The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google will store and use this information.  Google's privacy policy is available at: http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html.
This site uses audience data collected by Google Analytics to monitor our target audiences demographics to make sure we maintaining appropriate items in our store.
Refusing cookies
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies.
In Internet Explorer, you can refuse all cookies by clicking “Tools”, “Internet Options”, “Privacy”, and selecting “Block all cookies” using the sliding selector.
In Firefox, you can adjust your cookies settings by clicking “Tools”, “Options” and “Privacy”.
Blocking cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of some websites.
Cross-border data transfers
Information that SexSwing.com collects may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which SexSwing.com operates to enable the use of the information in accordance with this privacy policy.
In addition, personal information that you submit for publication on the website will be published on the internet and may be available around the world.
You agree to such cross-border transfers of personal information.
Updating this statement
SexSwing.com may update this privacy policy by posting a new version on this website.
You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are familiar with any changes.
Other websites
This website contains links to other websites.
SexSwing.com is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any third party.
Contact Abby Woods
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or SexSwing.com treatment of your personal information, please write:
by email to [email protected]; or
by post to 848 N. Rainbow Suite #4603, Las Vegas NV 89107.
Credit
This document was created using a Contractology template available at http://www.freenetlaw.com.