http://www.mccoysguide.com/info/legal/terms-and-conditions
Follow George on Twitter
Adult services
Recently added
AllEscortsMassage ParloursEscort AgenciesCorrective ServicesAgency EscortsParlour EscortsMasseusesPre-op transsexuals
Live Webcam Girls
Local Dating
Shop
Membership
About
Blog
Advertise
Contact
Login
Sign up
McCoy's Guide
Menu
Home
Adult Services
Recently added
AllEscortsMassage ParloursEscort AgenciesCorrective ServicesAgency EscortsParlour EscortsMasseusesPre-op transsexuals
Shop
Info
About
Hiring An EscortReview guidelinesTypes Of EscortsLinkPorn SitesPrivacy PolicyTerms & Conditions
Advertise
Contact
Sign up
Log in
Email:
Password:
Remember me
Submit
Forgotten password?
Live Webcam Girls
Local Dating
Terms & Conditions
Home Information Legal Terms & Conditions
INTRODUCTION
These terms and conditions apply between you, the User of this Website (including any sub-domains, unless expressly excluded by their own terms and conditions), and McCoys Guide, the owner and operator of this Website. Please read these terms and conditions carefully, as they affect your legal rights. Your agreement to comply with and be bound by these terms and conditions is deemed to occur upon your first use of the Website. If you do not agree to be bound by these terms and conditions, you should stop using the Website immediately.
In these terms and conditions, User or Users means any third party that accesses the Website and is not either (i) employed by McCoys Guide and acting in the course of their employment or (ii) engaged as a consultant or otherwise providing services to McCoys Guide and accessing the Website in connection with the provision of such services.
You must be at least 18 years of age to use this Website. By using the Website and agreeing to these terms and conditions, you represent and warrant that you are at least 18 years of age.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AND ACCEPTABLE USE
All Content included on the Website, unless uploaded by Users, is the property of McCoys Guide, our affiliates or other relevant third parties. In these terms and conditions, Content means any text, graphics, images, audio, video, software, data compilations, page layout, underlying code and software and any other form of information capable of being stored in a computer that appears on or forms part of this Website, including any such content uploaded by Users. By continuing to use the Website you acknowledge that such Content is protected by copyright, trademarks, database rights and other intellectual property rights. Nothing on this site shall be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any trademark, logo or service mark displayed on the site without the owner's prior written permission
You may, for your own personal, non-commercial use only, do the following:
retrieve, display and view the Content on a computer screen
You must not otherwise reproduce, modify, copy, distribute or use for commercial purposes any Content without the written permission of McCoys Guide.
PROHIBITED USE
You may not use the Website for any of the following purposes:
in any way which causes, or may cause, damage to the Website or interferes with any other person's use or enjoyment of the Website;
in any way which is harmful, unlawful, illegal, abusive, harassing, threatening or otherwise objectionable or in breach of any applicable law, regulation, governmental order;
making, transmitting or storing electronic copies of Content protected by copyright without the permission of the owner.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
This Website may contain links to other sites. Unless expressly stated, these sites are not under the control of McCoys Guide or that of our affiliates.
We assume no responsibility for the content of such Websites and disclaim liability for any and all forms of loss or damage arising out of the use of them.
The inclusion of a link to another site on this Website does not imply any endorsement of the sites themselves or of those in control of them.
PRIVACY POLICY
Use of the Website is also governed by our Privacy Policy, which is incorporated into these terms and conditions by this reference.
AVAILABILITY OF THE WEBSITE AND DISCLAIMERS
Any online facilities, tools, services or information that McCoys Guide makes available through the Website (the Service) is provided "as is" and on an "as available" basis. We give no warranty that the Service will be free of defects and/or faults. To the maximum extent permitted by the law, we provide no warranties (express or implied) of fitness for a particular purpose, accuracy of information, compatibility and satisfactory quality. McCoys Guide is under no obligation to update information on the Website.
Whilst McCoys Guide uses reasonable endeavours to ensure that the Website is secure and free of errors, viruses and other malware, we give no warranty or guaranty in that regard and all Users take responsibility for their own security, that of their personal details and their computers.
McCoys Guide accepts no liability for any disruption or non-availability of the Website.
McCoys Guidereserves the right to alter, suspend or discontinue any part (or the whole of) the Website including, but not limited to, any products and/or services available. These terms and conditions shall continue to apply to any modified version of the Website unless it is expressly stated otherwise.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Nothing in these terms and conditions will: (a) limit or exclude our or your liability for death or personal injury resulting from our or your negligence, as applicable; (b) limit or exclude our or your liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; or (c) limit or exclude any of our or your liabilities in any way that is not permitted under applicable law.
We will not be liable to you in respect of any losses arising out of events beyond our reasonable control.
To the maximum extent permitted by law, McCoys Guide accepts no liability for any of the following:
any business losses, such as loss of profits, income, revenue, anticipated savings, business, contracts, goodwill or commercial opportunities;
loss or corruption of any data, database or software;
any special, indirect or consequential loss or damage.
GENERAL
You may not transfer any of your rights under these terms and conditions to any other person. We may transfer our rights under these terms and conditions where we reasonably believe your rights will not be affected.
These terms and conditions may be varied by us from time to time. Such revised terms will apply to the Website from the date of publication. Users should check the terms and conditions regularly to ensure familiarity with the then current version.
These terms and conditions together with the Privacy Policy contain the whole agreement between the parties relating to its subject matter and supersede all prior discussions, arrangements or agreements that might have taken place in relation to the terms and conditions.
The Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 shall not apply to these terms and conditions and no third party will have any right to enforce or rely on any provision of these terms and conditions.
If any court or competent authority finds that any provision of these terms and conditions (or part of any provision) is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that provision or part-provision will, to the extent required, be deemed to be deleted, and the validity and enforceability of the other provisions of these terms and conditions will not be affected.
Unless otherwise agreed, no delay, act or omission by a party in exercising any right or remedy will be deemed a waiver of that, or any other, right or remedy.
This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted according to the law of England and Wales and all disputes arising under the Agreement (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English and Welsh courts.
Ordering, Deliveries and Returns
Once an order is placed and confirmed, your card will be debited immediately. If you've ordered a subscription, you will have immediate access to member-only benefits that this brings. Physical goods will be dispatched within 48 hours.
Subscriptions are non-recurring and will automatically cease when the subscription time ends.
The customer will receive an email within 1 hour from McCoys Guide confirming their order.
Subscription order cannot be cancelled or refunded, as these are fulfilled automatically.
For physical orders, you normal distance selling rights will be honoured. Please contact us as soon as you wish to return a product, or cancel an order,  and we will provide further information to you.
Adult Services
Recently added
AllEscortsMassage ParloursEscort AgenciesCorrective ServicesAgency EscortsParlour EscortsMasseusesPre-op transsexuals
McCoy's Services
Advertising
Shop
Sign-up
Banners
Info
About
Contact
Get yourself listed
Leave a review
Details
[Javascript protected email address]
McCoy's Guides
Dept. WS
P.O. Box 1994
Stone
Staffordshire
ST15 9QL
Follow George on Twitter
©2020 McCoy's Guide.
×Close
This is a development site!
You're probably looking for the live version at www.McCoysGuide.com
Close
Visit McCoysGuide.com
×
Free 7 Day Membership Offer
To receive the Free 7 Day Membership Offer simply leave a legitimate review for any of our advertisers and we will credit your account with 7 days Premium Membership for free!
PLEASE NOTE: All reviews are vetted, usually within 48 hours of the review being submitted. The Free Membership Offer will only be granted once your review has been deemed legitimate.
If you don't have an account at McCoy's you can register one here.
If you are already a Premium `1 a legitimate review will extend your current membership by 7 days.
How to leave a review
To leave a review simply navigate to the page of the service provider you have experienced, click on the 'Leave a Review' button and follow the steps provided.
Close