http://www.hermaphrodite.com/privacy.html
I
Internet Company, N.A.
Back
Policies
Records
Copyrights
•
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment To Privacy:
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice
explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way
your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it
available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information
may be requested.
The Information We Collect:
Unless you submit a request to order a product or service other than membership,
we do not collect any customer information with the exception of email addresses.
We archive all e-mail sent in and out of our network, and we identify the
origination IP address of all mail sent into our network. We require that
you refrain from "forging headers" or sending "SPAM".
The Way We Use Information:
If the email is sent to us for the clearly identified purpose of placement on
this site's bulletin board as indicated by the fact that it is clearly an ad for
the bulletin board judging from it's content, or because the Subject line states
"Personals Ad" or "Bulletin Board" it will be placed on this site's bulletin board
for a period of time determined by the site administrator. These ads will be removed
within a reasonable period of time (generally within one week) upon request by writing
to the same email address and requesting that the ad be removed.
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the website.
On some pages, you can order products/subscriptions, make requests, and register to
receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name:
Address:
Email address:
Phone number:
Credit Card Number:
Expiration Date:
The Way We Use Information:
If a product is ordered, the information is used to ship that product.
We do not sell or make available your information to others. We do not
send email to you unless it pertains to the order or service you purchased.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of
information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures
to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information:
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and
maintain it by writing to the appropriate email address listed. We use this procedure to
better safeguard your information.
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a
request that credibly shows error.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your
identity before granting access or making corrections.
How To Contact Us:
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please
email us at S L C u s t o m e r S e r v i c e @ y a h o o . c o m .
Please see our payment processors' Privacy Policies concerning collected information:
iBill>>>
CCBill>>>
!
Privacy
We do not collect any customer
information from the membership process.
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy
we provide this notice explaining our online information practices
and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected
and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available from
our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information
may be requested.
Therefore, in our commitment to Privacy,
we do not collect any customer information other than what is described here.
Please see our payment processor's Privacy Policy concerning collected information
More>>           More>>
© Internet Company, N.A. All rights reserved.
Back •
Policies •
Copyrights • Records