http://www.humiliatrix.com/privacy.html
RETRO
SYSTEMS
HUMILIATRIX.com
Legal Notices And Terms Of Use
A. AGE AND LEGAL
ACCESS CERTIFICATION.
By subscribing to Humiliatrix.com, you certify that
you are 18 years of age or older; that you are
familiar with all local laws in your area affecting
your legal right to access erotica or adult-oriented
materials; that you have the legal right to access
adult-oriented materials and Humiliatrix.com has the
legal right to transmit them to you; that you are
requesting adult-oriented materials for your own
private enjoyment and that you will never share these
materials with a minor or in ANY WAY make these
materials available to a minor.
B. CUSTODIAN OF
RECORDS.
All persons who appear in any visual depiction
contained in Humiliatrix.com were eighteen years of
age or older at the time of the creation of such
depictions. The records required by Section 2257 of
Title 18 of the United States Code with respect to
visual depictions of actual sexually explicit conduct
(except with regard to visual depictions of actual
sexually explicit conduct made before July 3, 1995,
which are exempt from the requirements set forth in 18
U.S.C. § 2257 and 28 C.F.R. 75) are kept by the
custodian of records, M. Portier, Retro Systems, 20 W.
20th St., 2nd Floor, New York, NY 10011.
C.
COPYRIGHTS.
Except for public domain material, all materials
on Humiliatrix.com are protected by Federal copyright
and are protected under treaty provisions and
worldwide copyright laws. Materials contained in any
part of Humiliatrix.com may not be reproduced, copied,
edited, published, transmitted or uploaded in any way
without the written permission of Humiliatrix.com.
Except as expressly stated in the Limited License
provision in these Terms of Use, Humiliatrix.com does
not grant any express or implied right to you under
any of its copyrights or other proprietary
information.
D. LIMITED
LICENSE.
Humiliatrix.com provides the materials on this site
for the personal, non-commercial use by viewers, fans,
visitors, subscribers and/or potential subscribers of
Humiliatrix.com. Users of Humiliatrix.com are granted
a single copy license to download (on a single
computer only) or print one copy of any of the
information made available for downloading found on
this site for personal, non-commercial use only.
Humiliatrix.com reserves the right to limit the amount
of materials downloaded. Commercial use of
Humiliatrix.com, or any material located on it, is
strictly prohibited. In addition, users of
Humiliatrix.com may not: (i) modify any of the
materials found in any area of Humiliatrix.com; (ii)
use any of the materials found in any area of
Humiliatrix.com for any public display, performance,
sale or rental; (iii) remove, modify or alter any
copyright or other proprietary notice, or trademarks
from any of the materials found in any area of
Humiliatrix.com; or (iv) otherwise transfer any
material located in any area of Humiliatrix.com to any
other person or entity. Humiliatrix.com reserves the
right to terminate this license at any time if you
breach or violate any provision of this Terms of Use
agreement, in which case you will be obligated to
immediately destroy any information or materials you
have downloaded, printed or otherwise copied from this
site. Humiliatrix.com reserves all other rights
coincident or related to this site.
E.
COMMUNICATIONS NOT PRIVATE.
Humiliatrix.com does not provide any facility for
sending or receiving private or confidential
electronic communications. All messages transmitted to
Humiliatrix.com shall be deemed to be readily
accessible to the general public. Visitors should not
use Humiliatrix.com to transmit any communication for
which the sender intends only the sender and the
intended recipient(s) to read. Notice is hereby given
that all messages entered into Humiliatrix.com can and
may be read by the operators of this service,
regardless of whether or the operators are the
intended recipients of such messages.
F.
DISCLAIMER.
THE MATERIALS ON HUMILIATRIX.COM ARE PROVIDED "AS IS"
WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY OF ANY KIND
INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
NONINFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY OR FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. HUMILIATRIX.COM OFFERS NO
ASSURANCE OF UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE SERVICE.
HUMILIATRIX.COM DOES NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR
COMPLETENESS OF THE INFORMATION, TEXT, GRAPHICS, LINKS
OR OTHER ITEMS CONTAINED ON THIS WEB SITE.
HUMILIATRIX.COM MAY CHANGE ANY OF THE INFORMATION
FOUND AT THIS SITE AT ANY TIME WITHOUT NOTICE.
HUMILIATRIX.COM MAKES NO COMMITMENT TO UPDATE THE
INFORMATION FOUND AT THIS SITE. IN NO EVENT SHALL
HUMILIATRIX.COM BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER
(INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF
PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF INFORMATION)
ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE
MATERIAL OR INFORMATION AVAILABLE ON THIS SITE, EVEN
IF HUMILIATRIX.COM HAS BEEN ADVISED OF SUCH DAMAGES.
(BECAUSE SOME JURISDICTIONS PROHIBIT THE EXCLUSION OR
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY
TO YOU.)
G. LINKS TO THIS
SITE.
You may establish a hypertext "link" to this site
and/or distribute, modify or re-use the text or
graphics of this site only after obtaining written
permission from Humiliatrix.com allowing you to do
so.
H. LINKS TO
THIRD PARTY SITES.
This site contains links to sites which are controlled
by third parties. Those linked sites are not under the
control of Humiliatrix.com, and Humiliatrix.com is not
responsible for the contents of any linked site or any
link contained in a link site. Humiliatrix.com is
providing those links to you only as a convenience,
and the inclusion of any link does not imply
endorsement by Humiliatrix.com of any linked
site.
I. JURISDICTION
AND VENUE.
This site is controlled and operated by Retro Systems
and its representatives from their offices in the
state of New York, United States of America. They make
no representation that the materials available on this
site are appropriate or available for use in other
locations, and access to them from jurisdictions where
their contents are illegal is prohibited. These
provisions of this Terms of Use are to be governed and
construed by New York law. In the event of a dispute
arising out of or relating to this Terms of Use, or
your use of or access to this site, litigation must be
brought in state or federal court in the State of New
York.
J. PRIVACY
POLICY.
What kind of information do you
collect?
When you join the
membership portion of our web site (Humiliatrix.com),
you are asked to provide your name, address, e-mail,
username and password, credit card number and
expiration date. When users request pages from our
server, our Web server automatically collects some
information about the users, including their IP
addresses.  If you send us personal
correspondence, such as emails or letters, we may
collect such information into a file specific to
you.  We will maintain a record or notes of
communications with you regarding your
account.
Who sees my
information?
We do not, and will
not, distribute, rent or sell any personally
identifiable information to third parties without your
express consent, other than as necessary to process
your credit card payment.(1)
How do you use
my information?
We use you
information solely in order to process your credit
card payment, to facilitate your viewing of our web
site and to communicate with you.  We also use
this information to compile broad demographic and web
site usage information about our users in general that
does not contain anything that could be used to
identify you personally.
Humiliatrix.com
uses your e-mail address to send periodic e-mail
newsletters and promotional e-mail to you about
services and products offered by us.  You can
indicate at any time that you do not wish to receive
e-mail information from us by writing an email to info@humiliatrix.com. We do not provide your e-mail to third
parties.
How secure is my
information?
Humiliatrix.com
takes reasonable precautions to maintain the security
of any information obtained from and about you.
We provide you with a secure web page through which to
submit your billing information when you join the
membership portion of our web site
(Humiliatrix.com).  We maintain your personally
identifiable information in a reasonably secure manner
including storing such information behind
firewalls.
I've got more
questions -- can you help?
Humiliatrix.com
recognizes the importance of protecting your
privacy.  If you have any questions about this
Privacy Statement, the practices of this web site or
your dealings with Humiliatrix.com, please contact us
at info@Humiliatrix.com or by mail at Retro Systems,
20 W. 20th St., 2nd Floor, New York, NY
10011.
Please note that
persons under the age of 18 are prohibited from
viewing our web site, and Humiliatrix.com does not
collect any personal information from persons under
the age of 18.
Please also note
that Humiliatrix.com is not responsible for the
content or the privacy polices of web sites to which
it may provide links or the websites of its
advertisers.
(1) Unless
requested via a subpoena, court order, or local,
state, federal or international law enfarcement
request.
K.
NOTICES.
Notices by Humiliatrix.com to customers shall be given
by means of electronic messages or by a general
posting on the site. Notices by customers to
Humiliatrix.com shall be given by electronic messages
unless otherwise specified in the agreement. All
questions, complaints, or notices to Humiliatrix.com
by means of electronic message must be sent to
info@humiliatrix.com.
L. COPYRIGHT
INFRINGEMENT NOTICES TO COPYRIGHT AGENT
Humiliatrix.com respects the intellectual property of
others and requires members to do the same. If you
believe that your work has been copied in a way that
constitutes copyright infringement, or your
intellectual property rights have been otherwise
violated, please provide the following information to
Humiliatrix.com:
1. an electronic or physical signature of the person
authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the
copyright or other intellectual property interest;
2. identification of the copyrighted work or other
intellectual property that is the subject of your
notice of infringement;
3. the location on Humiliatrix.com, of the material
that is the subject of your notice, sufficient for
locating the material;
4. your name, address, telephone number, and e-mail
address;
5. a statement by you that you have a good faith
belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the
copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
6. a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury,
that the information provided in your notice is
accurate and that you are the copyright or
intellectual property owner or that you are authorized
to act on behalf of the copyright or intellectual
property owner.
Notice of claims of copyright or other intellectual
property infringement should be provided to
Humiliatrix.com, care of the Copyright Agent, as
follows:
By e-mail:
info@Humiliatrix.com
members entrance
| join humiliatrix
audio sessions with melissa
| recent video updates
customer service | privacy & terms of use
| webmasters | links
Click here for opportunities to spoil, serve & tribute
your ALPHA GIRL GODDESS Humiliatrix Princess Melissa Pentauk
All contents copyright © 2012 Retro Systems
All rights reserved. Reproduction without permission is strictly prohibited.
All models were at least 18 years old when they were photographed.
18 U.S.C 2257 Record-Keeping Requirements Compliance Statement.
privacy policy | customer service - contact us
billing support - epoch
| billing support - ccbill