http://www.babeland.com/help/
Vibrators
Couples
Penis Toys
Dildos
Strap-Ons
Anal Toys
More SaleMovies eGift Card Sign In FREE DISCREET SHIPPING ON ORDERS $69+
Customer Service Stores Sign In 0Cart Stores Sign In 0Cart Sign InVibrators
Couples
Penis Toys
Dildos
Strap-Ons
Anal Toys
eGift CardMovies More Sale SearchProductsSex Info MenuVibrators More Sale SearchProductsSex Info
Strongest Vibrators
Beginners Vibrators
Rabbit Vibrators
G-Spot Vibrators
Inexpensive Vibrators
Discreet Vibrators
Luxury Vibrators
Couples Vibrators
Couples Vibrating Rings
Couples Sex Kits
Bondage and Kink
Massage
Dildos and Strap-Ons
Fifty Shades of Grey
Cock Rings
Masturbation Sleeves
Packers and Harnesses
Penis Pumps
Silicone Dildos
Glass and Metal Dildos
G-spot Dildos
Anal Dildos
Vibrating Dildos
Ben Wa Balls / Kegel Balls
Realistic Dildos
Harnesses
Packing
Pegging
Strap-On Dildos
Butt Plugs
Anal Dildos
Prostate Toys
Anal Beads
Anal Lube
Anal Vibrators
Bachelorette
BDSM
Condoms & Lube
Gender Expression
Gift Cards
Gifts for Her
Gifts for Him
Lingerie
Massage
New Age Pleasure
Sale
Sex Books
Sex Info
Sexual Health
Sexy Gifts and Kits
Staff Picks
HELP and FAQs
Contact Customer Service
Privacy and Security
Ordering
Payment Methods
eGift Card
Shipping
Order Status
Returns
Canceling an Order
Email List
Coupons
My Account
Creating an Alias
Shopping Cart
Ratings
Writing Product Reviews
Dispute Resolution
18 U.S.C. §2257 Statement
Contact Customer Service Customer Service representatives are available by phone Monday through Friday 6:00 am to 6:00 pm PST.
Customer Service can be reached at (888) 289-8423.
International customers can call +1-510-292-4148.
You can send an email to Customer Service 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Customer Service will respond to your email within 24 hours or next business day.
Our Customer Service Representatives are highly trained and very knowledgeable about the products we carry. We do not accept returns, so please call us and we can help you select the products that are right for you.
Privacy and Security
Privacy
We are committed to protecting your privacy. We NEVER share our customers' personal information with anyone.
Read our Privacy Policy.
We ship packages in discreet brown boxes with no branding and the return shipping label address is Web Merchants in Atlanta GA (our warehouse location). Credit card charges will appear on your account as Barnaby Ltd.
Security
We use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software to protect the security of online transactions. SSL is the industry standard for providing the most reliable protection of consumer information. All of your personal information is encrypted (and therefore unreadable) by SSL as it travels over the Internet, including your credit card number, name and address.
Ordering Online Orders
In order to place your first order online, simply add the items you wish to order to your shopping cart. When you are finished, click the checkout button and proceed to complete the order. We highly recommend registering before you begin for ease of shopping.
Phone Orders
Call (888) 289-8423
Please have the product names ready, along with your credit card number and expiration date (we accept Visa, MasterCard, American Express, and Discover credit cards and PayPal ).
International customers can call +1-510-292-4148.
Mail or Fax Your Order
We want you to get your order as quickly as possible, and therefore we strongly encourage all of our customers to place orders online or via telephone.
If you have a circumstance that prevents you from doing this, and you need to mail or fax your order, please follow the instructions below.
Include with your order the following information:
The exact name of the products or titles you wish to purchase. Remember that different studios often release movies with identical titles, so it is useful to include the studio's name or names of stars in the movie. The price of each product (Note: you will be charged the price as of the time the order is placed) Shipping and handling charges Your name and shipping address Payment
Payment may be made by credit card (Visa, MasterCard, American Express, or Discover).
Please include the following information:
Name on the credit card Billing address for the credit card Credit card number Expiration date for credit card
Mail or fax your order to:
Babeland Customer Service
Babeland, 2504 San Pablo Avenue, Berkeley, CA 94702
Fax: (510) 900-2225
Tel: (888) 289-8423
Babeland reserves the right to refuse service to any person.
Payment Methods
Credit Card
We accept Visa, MasterCard, American Express, and Discover credit cards and PayPal.
Your credit card information is 100% secure. All information included with your order is encrypted for privacy while in transit. Credit card charges will show up on your statement as "Barnaby Ltd."
Check or Money Order
For orders placed online or via fax or mail, we accept the following credit cards: MasterCard, Visa, American Express, and Discover. We accept checks and money orders by calling (888) 289-8423 or by mailing a check or money order to: Babeland, 2504 San Pablo Avenue, Berkeley, CA 94702. Please include the full amount including tax and shipping. Please specify your shipping address, products selected, a contact phone number and email address, and specify shipping method. The processing time for check orders is up to 2 full weeks. We cannot ship UPS to PO Boxes.
Managing Stored Payment Data
If you have or create an account with us, for your convenience we store information about the card so that it is available to you for subsequent purchases. If you do not wish to have this information saved for future use you can easily delete it. Simply click on the "Account" icon in the top right of the screen and click on the "Change" button in the payment information section. You will be taken to a page that allows you to remove credit cards you may have on file. For your protection we do not actually store your credit card number, but rather a unique token identifier that can only be used by us to specify your card with our payment processor. With this token we also store the card type, last four digits of the card and expiration date for your reference. Again, this applies only to purchases made via credit card where you have an account with us. None of these data are stored if you have only made payments via Paypal or guest checkout.
Gift Cards
If you have a Babeland gift card that you would like to use as payment for your online order, you must first call customer service at (888) 289-8423 and a Customer Service Representative will help you place your order and redeem your gift card.
Store Credit
An account is required to manage your store credit; if you had store credit with Babeland previously, you can now view it on your account; if you had store credit but did not have an account, one has been created for you.
Call Customer Service for help to access your account.
eGift Cards Are e-gift cards refundable? Once the eGift Card has been e-mailed, it is non-refundable.
What do I do if I sent it to the wrong email address? If the intended recipient does not receive their eGift Card or accidentally deletes it, you have the option to resend it from your account page. If the email for the recipient was incorrect and the eGift Card has been claimed, there is nothing we can do. Make sure your recipient email address is correct as eGift Cards are like cash. Are there any restrictions on purchasing cards? The eGift Card value cannot be more than $500 	There are no fees and no expiration date on the eGift Cards. Can I buy an eGift Card for myself? Yes. Enter your email address in the in the "Recipient Email" filed. Complete the transaction normally. When you receive your eGift Card email, follow the instructions in the email to retrieve and redeem your eGift Card. How is my order delivered? Your recipient will receive an email that contains gift card information. You will also receive an order confirmation email. What delivery options do you offer? eGift Cards are delivered via e-mail. What methods of payment do you accept? We accept all normal forms of payment for eGift Cards. Lost or Stolen Gift Cards If you suspect that someone has copied or stolen your eGift Card, contact Customer Support immediately. eGift Cards will not be replaced if lost or stolen without the purchaser's confirmation email as proof of purchase. eGift Cards have cash value and should be safeguarded accordingly. Once an eGift Cards is claimed it cannot be returned. Limitations You may NOT use an eGift Card to purchase other eGift Cards. eGift Cards cannot be reloaded, resold, transferred for value, or redeemed for cash, except to the extent required by law. Void if reloaded, resold, transferred for value, or redeemed for cash. Unused eGift Cards may not be transferred. Reasons for Failed Delivery If you have confirmed the recipient's email address but the eGift Card has not been viewed within a reasonable period after the requested delivery date, following is a list of the most common reasons why delivery may have failed:
Spam filter blocked email or routed it to a bulk/spam folder Recipient's firewall blocked the email Email inbox is over size limit Invalid email address
If you need further assistance, contact Customer Support. Please refer to your order number
Shipping All of our packages are shipped discreetly from our warehouse in
Atlanta GA, in plain packaging with “WMI Fulfillment” as the name on the return
address.
Order
Fulfillment Time
Orders with Standard Shipping will be shipped within 1 to 2 business
days.  Rush orders (including Expedited,
3 Day, 2 Day or 1 Day shipping methods) will ship within 1 business day. We have a
cutoff off time for orders of 12:00 pm Pacific Time. If
an order is placed after the cutoff time, or placed on a weekend or holiday, it
will not ship until the next business day at the earliest, depending on the
shipping method.
Shipping Methods & Costs
The charge for shipping your order is determined by your
destination and the delivery time you have chosen. Our automated system
calculates your shipping charge and displays it for you at the time you choose
your shipping option.
Contiguous United States
Standard (7-10 business days, not guaranteed) $7.99 or FREE for orders
over $69
Expedited (5 business days, guaranteed) $12
3 Day (3 business days, guaranteed) $18
2 Day (2 business days, guaranteed) $30
1 Day (1 business day, guaranteed) $35
PO Box
(Delivered
by US mail, expedited options not available) $8
Alaska
and Hawaii
Expedited (5 business days, guaranteed) $12
3 Day (3
business days, guaranteed) $40
Puerto
Rico
Expedited (5 business days, guaranteed) $25
3 Day (3 business days, guaranteed) $40
Military
APO/FPO/DPO (Delivered
by US mail, expedited options not available) $8
International Shipping Costs
Canada $20
UK
$35
Rest of the World $55
A surcharge of $20 may apply to larger
furniture items. All of the above shipping methods are only
guaranteed to be delivered on a business day (Monday – Friday).
Orders placed before the 12:00 pm Pacific Time
cutoff using Expedited shipping will be delivered within 5 business
days.  For example, an order placed on a Monday
using this shipping method will arrive on the following Monday. For 3 Day, 2 Day and 1 Day orders placed before
the 12:00 pm Pacific Time cutoff, please refer to the following chart
for the day of the week your order will be delivered:
Day of Order
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
Friday
3 Day
Delivery Thursday Friday Monday Tuesday Wednesday
2 Day Delivery
Wednesday
Thursday
Friday
Monday
Tuesday
1 Day
Delivery Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Friday Monday
Orders placed after the cutoff time will be
delivered on the weekday following the day on the chart. Holidays may delay the
delivery by one or more business days. International
Shipping & Customs
International orders can take anywhere from 5 business days to 4 weeks depending on destination. Buyers are fully responsible for complying with their country's laws, customs regulations, taxes, and duties. Some countries are high-risk for customs seizures. Babeland is not responsible for packages delayed or detained in customs. Product
Availability
We
stock a large inventory of product to ensure prompt delivery of orders. Product
availability is displayed above the “Add to Cart” button on each individual
product page. For example, an item that is in stock will show the following
availability message on the product description web page: “Usually ships in 1-2 business
days.  Rush orders usually ship same
business day cutoff 12 noon PST”
On
rare occasions we may need to place an item on backorder.  Backordered items usually take 3-10 business days to arrive in our warehouse and will
be shipped as soon as we receive them. Some products may not be available in some areas. The
Magic Wand Original is not available for shipping
outside of North America.
Shipping Exclusions
We do not ship to prisons, schools,
churches, or ship centers.  We have automated filters for
our ordering process that will prevent shipment to these locations.  If you believe your address is triggering one
of these filters unintentionally, please contact our Customer Service Center at
1-888-289-8423, 6am to 6pm Pacific Time, Monday – Friday.
Undeliverable & Lost Packages
Once your order ships, we’ll send you an email
confirmation with your tracking number.  If
your order is returned to us as undeliverable due to an error on your part, (such
as an incorrect address, missing apartment number, nobody available to receive the
package, etc.) we may attempt to reach you once the package has been returned. Undeliverable
or refused packages that are returned to us still sealed with the original
shipping tape, with the contents intact and in resalable condition will be
refunded (excluding shipping fees).  If
the delivery problem is determined to be due to an error on the part of Babeland, we will replace or refund the order at our discretion.
Babeland is not responsible for lost/stolen packages with
a confirmed delivery status from the carrier.
If your package is lost prior to delivery, please let our Customer
Service Center know via phone or email, as soon as possible.  If the package is not delivered, we’ll
contact the carrier to investigate.
Pending the results of the investigation we will replace your package.
Rerouting a Package
If for some reason you need to re-route your package to a different destination than what was submitted during order placement there may be an additional fee on top of shipping charges already billed. To re-route your package, you must call our Customer Service Department. We will try our best to accommodate your request.
Order Status Only orders placed after 2/27/2018 are available to view online; to check the status of an order placed prior to 2/27/2018, please call customer service at (888) 289-8423.
You can check the status of your order on our website 24 hours a day. Check Order Status
Returns We do not take returns. All sales are final. We will exchange a product that is defective for the same item only. Help with Selecting Your Toy
Here at Babeland, we are happy to help you in selecting a toy that is right for you! To guide you in making your purchasing decision, we include measurements for the dimensions of the toys we sell in the description on each product page. We also include information regarding material, texture, color, as well as ingredients for lube and massage products, and vibration intensity for vibrators. If you would like advice from one of our Sex Educators/Sales Associates, we are available Monday through Friday, 6am to 6pm Pacific Time to assist you! Our SESAs are trained and qualified to answer your questions and help you with your purchasing decisions. If you have any questions at all, here are the ways you can reach us:
Call us at (888) 289-8423
during business hours. Chat with us. Find the chat bubble below. Emailing us at customerservice@babeland.com. We'll respond to your email within 24 hours or the next business day.
Our Return Policy Everything we ship from our warehouse is brand new, just as we received it from the manufacturer.
Given the nature of our products, we do not take returns.  We
do this for the safety and care of our customers, so please select your items
carefully. For example, if you select the wrong size or color of an item, it
cannot be exchanged for something different. We want to make sure you have a properly working product, so in the event you have a defective item, it can be exchanged for the same item within 30 days of purchase or for the duration of the manufacturer’s warranty, whichever is greater. Items purchased at a Babeland retail store must be accompanied by the sales receipt. Items purchased online at babeland.com must be accompanied by a copy of the order confirmation or the packing slip. To process your defective exchange promptly, all returns must be pre-approved. Please call, chat, or email our Customer Service Center for your Return Authorization. Before you send your product back, we'll help you troubleshoot your toy to see if we can get it working. If troubleshooting fails, we'll email a pre-paid return label to you, so you can get the item back to us for testing.
When sending your toy back, please make sure it has been thoroughly cleaned.
For the health and safety of our staff, any items that appear used extensively, older, and/or not cleaned properly will be refused and sent back to you.
When we receive your package, we'll inspect and test your item. If we determine that your toy is defective, we'll send you a same-item replacement. In the event we find your toy is working correctly, we'll send it back to you.
For a Return Authorization, you can reach us Monday through Friday, 6am to 6pm Pacific Time at (888) 289-8423, by
chatting with us via the chat bubble below, or by email at customerservice@babeland.com. We
typically respond to emails within one business day.
Iinternational customers are responsible for shipping costs of warranty replacements, travelling both directions. We require that you send us the product and all accessories, along with a copy of your original receipt or order confirmation. If you would like us to set this up for you, please call us directly at +1-510-292-4148, Monday through Friday between the hours of 6am and 6pm Pacific Time.
Canceling an Order
If you wish to cancel an order, please contact Customer Service at (888) 289-8423 as soon as possible during normal business hours. We can't guarantee we will be able to cancel the order as it may have already been ship confirmed and heading to your shipping destination. We will try our best to accommodate you but once you click on "submit order" during checkout, our processing and shipping times are fast.
Email List
Our Email List
Email subscribers receive exclusive special offers, savings, promotions and news. We NEVER share, sell or rent our mailing lists - Read our Privacy Policy.
How Do We Ensure Your Selections?
For your own protection we will send you an email to confirm that you wish to subscribe to the selected mailing list. You will then need to confirm your choice. We require this "double opt-in" to ensure that you are getting the email that you want to the correct email address.
Unsubscribing from Email Lists
Click here to unsubscribe from Babeland promotional email lists. You can also unsubscribe by clicking on the unsubscribe link located at the top and bottom of each promotional email.
You will receive a final email confirming that your address has been removed from our lists. Please allow up to 48 hours for this to take effect. You may receive one or two promotional emails between the time you request to be removed from a list and the time that we are able to physically remove you from our database. We thank you for your patience.
To ensure that you are getting order confirmation emails, customer service replies and the emails that you subscribe to, be sure to add us to your address book. Some internet providers have spam filters which will inadvertently block email unless the sender is in your address book. To ensure that our special offers and information get to you, please add: customerservice@babeland.com to your address book.
Coupons
How to Redeem Coupons
Unless otherwise specified, email coupons are automatically applied to your order when you click through on the email and shop. You must meet the criteria outlined in the email (i.e. minimum order requirement) or the coupon will not be applied.
Printed coupons have a coupon code associated with them. You may need to enter the code on your order form or mention it when you place an order by phone.
Always read the instructions that accompany your coupon for the most accurate and up-to-date information before redeeming.
Coupon Restrictions
Most coupon offers will have an expiration date, and many may not be combined with other special offers. Some coupons may have criteria associated with the offer, such as a minimum purchase required. Always read the details included with your coupon to be as informed as possible about any restrictions.
My Account
Your order history is available for orders placed on or after 2/27/2018; to get order history information on orders placed prior to 2/27/2018, please call customer service at 888-289-8423.
How to Change Your Account Information
You can change your account information at any time. Log on with your user name and password and click the My Account link located at the top of every page. Each section displayed on your account page has an edit link that allows you to change the information contained within that section.
Creating an Alias
Why we have aliases
We offer a variety of ways in which you can participate in our online community, such as creating product reviews. For those purposes, we ask you to create an "alias" to appear on the page instead of your username. That way, if we publish your review and display your alias on our site, your privacy is guaranteed.
Setting up an alias
You can create an alias either on your My Account page or from the user review creation page. Your alias cannot exceed 20 characters (total of letters, numbers and spaces). In addition, our editorial staff reserves the right to not publish material associated with an offensive-sounding alias.
Changing your alias
You can change it at any time, either from the review creation page, or from your My Account page. We'll verify that the new alias is not already in use, and "retire" your old alias. Note that any reviews you've written under your old alias will be re-associated with your new alias.
Shopping Cart
Adding Items to Your Cart
To add an item to your shopping cart, click the Add to Cart link found on each product page.
Adjusting Quantity
To adjust the quantity of any item in your cart, type the number you want to order in the Quantity box, then click the Update button.
Removing Items from Your Cart
To remove an item from your shopping cart, check the Remove box, then click the Update button.
Ratings
You are welcome to rate any item in our store that you feel strongly about, even if it's not an item you purchased from us. Look for the "Rate It" box on the item's product pages, and select one of the following ratings:
1 star: I hate it
2 stars: I don't like it
3 stars: It's OK
4 stars: I like it
5 stars: I love it
Your personal ratings are private. Ratings are aggregated per item and we only display the average customer ratings. You can change your ratings at any time. Ratings for movies are valid for all media types. Our recommendations to you will change when you rate new items. By marking a recommendation as "not interested," we stop recommending the item to you.
Writing Product Reviews
Reviewer guidelines
The most important guideline is: Write about what you liked (or didn't like) and why. Other users care about your opinion. Your review can be up to 1000 words in length. It's best to focus most of your comments on the product you're reviewing, but selectively comparing it to related items is sometimes helpful, too. Finally, even though you're reviewing adult material, try not to use offensive language in your review.
Review posting
All user reviews are evaluated by our editorial staff. We reserve the right to publish submitted reviews in full, in part or not at all. Please allow approximately five business days for approved reviews to be posted on the site.
Once approved, reviews will be displayed on the product description page for the product that you reviewed. Reviews may also be made available to visitors and customers in other forms.
Review usage terms
We reserve the right to edit reviews for appropriateness and accuracy. The posting of reviews on our site is done without any promise of present or future acknowledgement or compensation. All posted reviews become our nonexclusive property, with limited republishing rights retained by the author. By submitting a review, you are granting us a license to use, reproduce, revise or display such postings.
Dispute Resolution
By using this web site, viewing its contents or ordering from us, you agree to resolve any disputes with us by first contacting us via email. If you are not able to obtain resolution of your dispute via email, you agree that it will then be resolved by dispute resolution located in San Francisco, California, U.S.A.
18 U.S.C. §2257 Statement
All products we sell depicting persons are represented by our sources to be in full compliance with 18 U.S.C. 2257.
Top
Customer Service
eGift Card
Contact Us
Order Lookup
Shipping
FAQ & Return Policy
Terms
Privacy Policy
Community
Events
About Babeland
Store Locations
Press
Affiliate Program
Job Opportunities
Donations
Black Lives Matter
Stay Connected
Join Our List Get$5 Off Your Next OrderI am 18 or over and
accept the Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy. Content © 2020 Babeland, LLC. All Rights Reserved
Receive $5 off your next order when you join our email list
We value your privacy. Your information will not be shared or sold.