http://www.lushstories.com/help.aspx
a
Home
Home
Forum
Groups
Help
FAQ
Contact Us
Lush Contacts
Publishing Advice
Live Cams
Chatrooms
Store
Search
Stories
Members
Authors
Log In
Submit Story
FAQ
Contact Us
Lush Contacts
Publishing Advice
Stories
Members
Authors
Log In
Sign Up
Make me:
Visible to all
Visible to friends
Invisible to everyone
Online - available to chat
Away - unavailable to chat
Our community has 511,290 members,
4,007 online now, 137 in chat rooms.
We’ve published 61,086 stories, shared 470,390 images,
made 228,661 blog posts and written 3,654,303 forum posts.
Latest Forum Posts:
Join Lush
Login
Forgot Login Details?
Submit Story
Random Story
Categories
Categories
Audio Stories
Competitions
Editors’ Picks
Recommended
Author eBooks
Anal
BDSM
Bisexual
Cheating
College Sex
Crossdressing
Cuckold
Erotic Poems
Exhibitionism
Fantasy & Sci-Fi
Femdom
Fetish
First Time
Flash Erotica
Gay Male
Group Sex
Hardcore
Historical
Horror
Humor
Incest Fantasies
Interracial
Lesbian
Love Poems
Love Stories
MILF Stories
Masturbation
Mature
Medical
Microfiction
Mind Control
Money
Monster Sex
Novels
Occupations
Office Sex
Oral Sex
Outdoor
Quickie Sex
Reluctance
Seduction
Spanking
Steampunk
Straight Sex
Strap-On Sex
Supernatural
Swingers
Taboo
Teen
Threesomes
Toys
Trans
True
Uniform
Voyeur
Watersports
Wife Lovers
Hide Ad
Hide Ad
Lush Help
General Site
How do I join Lushstories.com?
Click on the Join Lush link on the home page. Choose a username, password, then fill out your gender and enter a valid email address. The email address is used to verify your account.
I forgot my username / password. How do I retrieve the details?
Visit the Forgot Login Details page and enter your details.
If you have forgotten both,
you will need to enter the email address you used to sign-up with.
How old do I have to be to join Lushstories.com?
Lushstories.com is an adult site, you need to be 18 years or older to join.
Can I set up multiple accounts?
No. Members are not permitted to have multiple accounts. Please limit your site membership to one account only. Having multiple accounts is an unnecessary use of resources. Further, it may be interpreted as trolling behavior. Subsequent accounts set up by a member may be deleted by our admins without warning.
Where can I find your site's terms and conditions?
You can find our terms and conditions of entry here.
How do I report a technical problem with the site?
Please click on the Contact Us link at the bottom of the home page, and choose "Problem with the website" from the pulldown menu.
How can I stop people messaging me?
By default, anyone can contact you, either by chat or PM (private message).
You can update your social status so that only your friends can contact you, or (block all) so no one can contact you.
Only friends can send you online instant messages.
How can I block someone?
You can block a member from seeing you and contacting you from various places throughout the site. Whenever you see a context menu
appear over the member's name, there should be an option to Block.
Alternatively, you can go to your friends settings page, and at the bottom you can enter a member's username to Block.
How do I style text I submit to Lush?
Most areas where you enter and submit text, such as your profile page, chat window and private messages you can stylise your words.
To bold text, surround the word(s) with a * e.g. *this is bold*
To italicise text, surround the word(s) with a _ e.g. _this is italic_
To strikethrough text, surround the word(s) with a - e.g. -this is striked through-
The chat window will not open, how do I allow popup windows?
If your browser blocks popup windows or you are running popup blocking software, you will need to allow popup's before you can receive chat messages from other members.
What are the shortcuts for adding emoticons to my text?
When you submit text on Lush, you can include an emoticon in your text.
Simply use the codes below to add an emoticon image to your text:
:)
:D
;)
:p
(h)
:@
:s
:$
:(
:|
:^(
(an)
8o|
8-|
+o(
<:o)
|-)
*-)
:-#
:-*
^o)
8-)
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
(5)
:-'
(woot)
(t)
[f]
[m]
[bh]
[sp]
[bs]
<3
{}
-@
(cat)
(dog)
(p)
(rofl)
(6)
(b)
(w)
(freak)
(bow)
(read)
(stop)
(ke)
(jb)
(ic)
<('')
(pc)
I moved away from a page and I lost my black box online messages, can I get them back?
As soon as you realise you have new messages appear as you navigate away from a page, use the back button on your browser to go back to the previous page.
This will cause the page to retrieve the same messages again from the server.
Story FAQ
How do I submit a story?
Click on the Submit Story link on the front of the site, and follow the instructions.
What are your rules for story submissions and which kind of stories are acceptable?
You can find all our story submission rules on this page. There is also a reminder of unacceptable stories on the story submission page itself.
How do I edit a story?
Click on the My Stories link at the top of the home page when logged in.
How long does it take for a story to appear on site?
The average time it takes for our moderators to verify new stories, is currently 24-72 hours. Gold Members' stories go to the top of the story queue and are processed as a priority.
My story has been verified but is not appearing, why?
There is a limit of 1 story per author, per day, to hit the home page to prevent story flooding.
Subsequent stories posted will be queued, and appear on the home page 24 hours apart.
My story was rejected, why, and how do I get help with it?
The moderator that rejected your story will have given you a reason why it was rejected. Normally, if you correct the items they have highlighted in their rejection notice and resubmit, the story will be passed. If it still doesn't pass for failing to meet quality standards or for another reason, you might want to post asking for help in the relevant forum section.
I want to delete one of my stories, how do I do that without cancelling my account?
Go to My Stories on the home page and click on it. It will take you to a register of all your stories, and you can edit or delete them.
How can I add a copyright to my stories?
From your copyright settings page, you can enter your own copyright information or link through to an external page.
When you publish a story, there is an option at the bottom to include your copyright notice on the story. Check this to include your copyright notice.
How can I block stories from certain categories showing for me?
You can choose which categories of stories you would like hidden from the hide categories settings page. This will mean that you no longer see this category listed on the site, or any stories published under that category.
Forum FAQ
Where can I find the forum rules?
All the forum guidelines may be found here.
Which type of pictures are allowed and where?
In general, please keep the forums and avatars softcore, you are permitted to post more risque images in your profile area if you wish, provided they do not break any US Laws. We do not allow images containing guns, war or violence in avatars.
Full image posting guidelines can be found here.
What are we allowed to show in the signature area?
Signatures are restricted to 10 lines of text to keep the site clean looking and fast loading. Images can be up to 750 (w) x 150 (h) px in dimension. Please keep signature images below 75kb out of courtesy to people on slower connections.
Why don't my links work, and why can't I post images?
You need to make 20 posts before you can post links and images, it's a preventative measure to help tackle spammers. Once you have reached 20 posts, log out and in again, and you will be able to post your images and links.
Are there any subjects which are not allowed to be discussed?
Yes. Do not post anything racist in nature, the same applies to religious matters. Hate speech of any kind is forbidden. Do not post, link or make available anything obscene, indecent, violent, gory, or illegal. Do not use insulting or denigrating personal attacks against other members, nor make inflammatory posts obviously intended to start a fight, get a reaction, or cause problems (flaming).
How do I post pictures on the forums?
There are two ways to post a picture in the forum.
Firstly, if you click on this image
you can submit a url to an image hosted somewhere on the internet. Note This hot linking of an image may not always
work, if the host of the image has blocked access from other sites.
Once you have posted at least 20 replies in the forum, there is a new button available to you . This button will allow you to upload an image from your computer onto the Lush servers.
How do I post a youtube video?
After you click on Post reply, at the top of the text box you will see a small youtube button. Click that, and enter the youtube embed code.
How can I be notified when an interesting thread has been added to?
At the top of each thread on the right hand side there is a button called Options. If you click that, there is an option to Watch this Topic. An email will be sent to you when new posts are made. The same procedure will enable you to unwatch a topic.
Profile FAQ
How do I change my privacy settings?
There is a settings link in the red header of the site, which you will see when logged in.
How do I add friends?
Whenever you see a context menu appear over the member's name, there should be an option to "Add to friends".
Alternatively, you can go to your friends settings page, and enter a member's username to befriend.
What are my options to block someone?
There are two options to block a member, either a soft block or a full block.
A soft block is where you block a member who is on your friends list, so that they remain your friend, but they cannot see you online and you do not get updates in your friends activity.
To soft block a friend, go to your friends settings page and hover over their name and choose the Block option.
Your friend will now appear in your friends list and your blocked list.
You can remove this soft block on a friend by hovering over their name in the blocked list and choose the Remove Block option.
They will then become a full friend again.
To block a member fully, you need to firstly, remove them as a friend. Then you can choose the Block option available on the context menu when you hover over their name or you can enter their username on your friends settings page.
Once a member is blocked, they cannot see you online or contact you in anyway. You can remove a blocked member from your settings page.
Simple hover over their name and choose the Remove Block option.
I accidentally blocked a friend, how do I unblock them?
If you go to your friends settings page and scroll down you will see where you have members that are blocked.
To un-block someone, simply hover over their name and choose the Remove Block option.
How do I add a picture?
In the settings area, you will see a link to your image gallery. Browse to the image you wish to upload from your computer, and press the upload button.
Can I post images of my children?
No. This is an adult site, and that is inappropriate. All image posting must abide by the 2257 Laws.
Can I post images of anything I like in my profile page?
As long as the image isn't depicting anything illegal in nature, and you either own the copyright, or have permission to publish it, then yes. More guidelines are posted here.
How do I add videos?
For Youtube videos, in the settings area enter the Youtube embed url and click on Upload Video button.If you are uploading your own video, click on the Upload Videos link. All the most common formats are accepted.
What are the various badges and how are they obtained?
You can view the entire set of badges available and what it takes to achieve them from our badges page.
How do I bookmark a favourite story in my profile?
At the top of the story you are reading, there is a box located at the top right of the story, which contains a link where you can Add to favourites.
How do I follow authors I like?
At the top of the story you are reading, there is a box located at the top right of the story, which contains a link where you can Follow Author.
How do I add or change the background color/picture on my profile?
In the settings area, you will see a link to Customize Profile". There you can change the background colour and image to anything you like.
Why can't I see some people's images or their whole profile?
This depends on their privacy settings. Some people will only allow friends to view their images for example.
How do I post a comment on someone's profile page?
To do this, you need to be on that person's friend list. Then, at the bottom of their comments section, you will see a text box where you can send them a message, picture or video.
Chat Room FAQ
How do I find the Chat Rooms?
There is a link to the Chat Rooms in the left hand side navigation section of the site, as well as the red header bar.
What are the chat room rules?
The chat room rules and code of conduct can be found here.
How do I create a room?
At the bottom right of the chat room page, you will see a section where you can create your own room.
Why can't I access some rooms?
It is likely that the chat room creator has set it up as a private room, indicated by a lock icon. This is normally for friends only. Publicly accessible rooms will not have a lock icon next to them, such as the Lush Lounge and Lush Bedroom chatrooms.
Someone is persistently harrassing me, what can I do?
There is an option in the chat rooms to block anyone you like. The chat rooms are supposed to be self managed, we are not here to hold people's hands. However, if you have a serious issue with someone in chat, make sure you take a screenshot and send it to us when reporting the offender. Without this evidence as proof, it's impossible for us to take someone's word over anothers on the basis of what may or may not have been said. If it's a minor issue, please just block the person and be done with it. This site will help those who don't know how to take a screenshot: http://take-a-screenshot.org.
© Copyright Lush Stories 2006 -
2020
Contact Us|
Help|
Privacy Policy|
Disclaimer|
Site Map|
Advertising
View profile
Stories
Send mail
Open chat window
Poke
Online message
Add to friends
Remove block
Block
Unfollow
Remove friend
Cut
Paste Before
Paste After