http://www.bdsmlist.com/pages/privacy-policy
bdsmStore.com - Privacy Policy
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.
BDSM Store
Search:
100% Satisfaction and Privacy Guarantee
Help?
$0.00
- 0 items
There are no items in your shopping cart
Shop by Category
Toggle navigation
More ...
Bondage Gear
Ball Gags
Blindfolds
Bondage Kits
Chastity & Cock Cages
Collars & Leashes
Cuffs
Ankle Cuffs
Handcuffs
Thigh Cuffs
Electrostimulation
Extreme Bondage
Hoods & Goggles
Medical Play
Mens Cock & Ball Gear
Nipple Play
Nipple Clamps
Nipple Pumps
Restraints
Bed & Door Restraints
Extreme Restraints
Hogties
Rope, Tape & Ties
Spreader Bars
Sex Machines
Sex Swings, Slings & Pillows
Sex Swings & Slings
Shapes, Pillows & Chairs
Whips, Paddles & Ticklers
Crops
Feathers & Ticklers
Floggers
Paddles
Slappers & Straps
Whips
Top Sex Toys
Vibrators
Body Massagers
Bullet Vibrators
Clit Cuddlers
Clit Suckers & Oral Suction
Couples Cock Rings
Discreet
Finger Vibrators
G Spot
G Spot Clit Stimulators
Hands Free Vibrators
Kits & Sleeves
Luxury
Modern Vibrators
Palm Size Massagers
Pocket Rockets
Rabbit Style
Realistic
Tongues
Traditional
Vibrating Panties
Dildos
Clone Your Own
Double Dongs
Extreme Dildos
G-Spot Dildos
Huge Dildos
Porn Star Dildos
Realistic Dildos & Dongs
Strap-ons & Harnesses
Harness & Dong Sets
Harnesses
Plus Size Strap-ons
Strapless Strap-ons
Vac-U-Lock System
Men's Toys
Cock Rings
Adjustable & Versatile Cock Rings
Classic Cock Rings
Cock Ring Trios
Couples Vibrating Cock Rings
Double Penetration Cock Rings
Luxury Cock Rings
Stimulating Cock Rings
Masturbators
Anal Masturbators
Blow Job Masturbators
Breast Masturbators
Fleshlight
Lifesize Masturbators
Masturbation Sleeves
Pocket Pussies
Porn Star Masturbators
Penis Enhancers
Hollow Strap-ons
Penis Extensions
Penis Pump Accessories
Penis Pumps
Penis Sleeves & Enhancers
Prostate Toys
Sex Dolls
Anime
Celebrity & Porn Star
Female
Male
Transsexual
Ultra Realistic Dolls
Lubes & Lotions
Beauty & Body
Bath & Shower
Bath Accessories
Fragrance & Pheromones
Lickable Body
Makeup & Cosmetics
Moisturizers
Shaving & Intimate Care
Lubricants
Oral Sex
Sensual Massage
Massage Candles
Massagers
Sensual Massage Oils & Lotions
Sexual Enhancers
For Men
For Women
Anal Toys
Anal Beads
Anal Douches, Enemas & Hygiene
Anal Lubricants
Anal Probes
Anal Trainer Kits
Butt Plugs
Double Penetration
Huge Butt Plugs
Prostate Massagers
Sexy Wear
Accessories
Jewelry
Liquid Latex
Pasties, Tattoos & Accessories
Shoes & Boots
Wigs
Clothing
Dresses
Fetish Clothing
Costumes
Sexy Costume Accessories
Sexy Costumes
X Rated Costumes
Lingerie
Babydolls & Slips
Body Shapers
Bodystockings, Pantyhose & Garters
Bra Sets
Bras
Bustiers & Corsets
Sleep & Lounge
Teddies
Vibrating Panties
Womens Underwear
Men
Mens Tops & Bottoms
Mens Underwear
Transgender Wear
Extras
Adult Books
Bondage, Fetish & Kink
Comics
Erotic Fiction & Erotica
Magazines
Music & Audio
Sex Instruction
Batteries & Chargers
Condoms
Games
Games for Lovers
Party Games
Gift Sets
Kegel Exercisers
Ben Wa Balls
Kegel Exercisers
Novelties, Party & Fun
Adult Candy and Erotic Foods
Barnyard Animals
Gag & Joke Gifts
Gift Wrapping & Bags
Party Wear
Serving Ware
Storage
Stripper Poles
Toy Care
Cleaning Wipes
Renew Powders
Toy Cleaners
Video and DVD
Anime
Bondage, Fetish & Kink
By Genre
Amateur
Anal Sex
Big Beautiful Women
Big Boobs
Big Butt
College
Cream Pie
Cum Shots & Facials
Double-Penetration
Gonzo Porn
Mature
MILF, Cougar & Housewife
Oral
Pregnant Sex
Solos
Squirting
Teen
Celebrity & Reality Porn
Classics
Compilations
Ethnic
Arab & Indian
Asian
Black Porn
European
Interracial
Latin
Feature Movies
Femdom
Gay
Bisexual
Gay Porn
Transsexual
Group Sex
Gangbang
Orgy
Threesomes
Lesbian
Parody
Romance
Sex Education & Instruction
Toys
New Products
Clearance
Video On Demand
100% Satisfaction Guaranteed!
If you are not satisfied with your online purchase, you can return any item for any reason whatsoever during the first 30 days of ownership.Please review our Return Policy for more information.
Discreet Shipping
Products are shipped in plain boxes or envelopes with a nondescript return address.
Discreet Billing
Charges appear as CNV, Inc. You may not recognize this name after checkout as it does not match the name of this site, so please make a note of it.
Privacy Guaranteed
Under no circumstance will we sell or share your personal information beyond what is necessary to complete your order.
Please review our Privacy Policy for more information
WE SHARE YOUR CONCERNS ABOUT SAFEGUARDING PERSONAL INFORMATION
CNV.Com, Inc. is the owner of checkout.CNV.com and facilitates the operation of the shopping website on bdsmstore.com (referred to later as the "Site," "we," "us").
We fully understand the need to protect your personal information while online and we have developed this policy as a means to provide you with the utmost privacy possible. This Privacy Policy (referred to later as "Policy") describes our practices regarding the collection and use of information throughout out the Site. By using the Site or obtaining any product or service through this Site, you agree the limited collection and use of information as outlined in this Policy. If you do not agree to this Policy, please do not use the Site.
We may from time to time update this Policy to reflect changing technology and other factors. We will notify you of changes to the Policy by posting the updated Policy on this page. We ask that you bookmark and periodically review this page to ensure that you remain familiar with the most current version of the Policy. You can determine when this Policy was last revised by checking the "Effective Date of Current Policy" legend at the top of the Policy.
The Site collects two basic types of information during your visits to our Site.
First, we collect non-personally identifiable information. This is general information that cannot be traced to individuals and contains no personalized data, think of it as a simple census form. When visitors come to our Site, we collect and aggregate information indicating, among other things, which pages of the Site were visited, the order in which they were visited and which links on the site were clicked by visitors. We use this information in making modifications and improvements to the site to provide you, the user, with both a smoother and more efficient shopping experience.
We also use non-invasive "cookies" and other tracking technologies to collect non-personally identifiable information which we then use to provide you with an easier shopping experience. Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser. These cookies do not track other websites you might visit and they do not plant malware on your computer. Our non-invasive cookies simply make it possible for us to recognize your browser once you visit our Site. By doing this, we can personalize your return visits and save you time during checkout. Your browser must be set to accept cookies in order for you to enjoy the benefits of being a registered user of the Site. If you are uncomfortable with the cookies on your computer, you can always remove them by accessing the options menu of your browser. Please refer to your browser's help menu for more specific directions if needed.
Second, we collect personally identifiable information as needed to fulfill your order. In general, our Site uses an order form (shopping cart), and a registration form so that you can request information, products and services from us. These forms require that you provide us with personally identifiable information, such as your name, email address, physical address, telephone number, and credit card number, to receive the requested services or products.
Further, when you use the Site to purchase a product or service as a gift, we will collect from you personally identifiable information regarding the gift recipient or potential gift recipient so that we can deliver the gift to them if requested.
Please take some time to familiarize yourself with the different ways that the Site uses the information that we gather. Keep in mind that, while we encourage all third parties involved in running our business to adhere to our policies regarding the privacy of our visitors and to handle personally identifiable information in a responsible manner, we cannot and do not assume any responsibility for any actions or omissions of third parties, including the manner in which they use information received either from the Site or independently.
Non-personally identifiable information
The Site uses non-personally identifiable information, such as your IP address and the pages that you visit on our Site, to help diagnose problems with our servers and to administer our Site and improve Site-related services and features. Your IP address and other non-personally identifiable information also may be used to gather broad demographic information and to recognize customer traffic patterns and Site usage trends. This information aids us in developing the design and layout of the Site.
Personally Identifiable Information
The Site uses personally identifiable information collected from you to complete transactions initiated by you, particularly the sale and delivery of products and services. Your personally identifiable information is also used to get in touch with you when necessary regarding questions about any order you might place. We may also use personally identifiable information to contact you to make sure you are satisfied with our goods and services or to find out how we can serve you better. Your decision to participate in any survey or questionnaire about this is completely voluntary.
Financial information (credit card numbers, credit card expiration dates, billing address, and so forth) is used solely to bill you for products and services and we make every effort to keep your information secure from theft or fraud.
You may, from time to time, receive information from us regarding new features, new products and services and special offers, or newsletters that we think you'll find valuable. If you'd like to opt out of receiving future mailings from the Site, please follow the procedure outlined in the Choice/Opt-out section below.
The Site also may use your personally identifiable information to "pre-populate" forms that are used by the Site to facilitate transactions with us and save you from entering every data field on the checkout.
Gift Recipients
As noted above, we collect personally identifiable information regarding gift recipients and people to whom you may wish to give gifts in the future. This is done in order to accommodate proper gift delivery to such recipients. We do not sell or rent any personally identifiable information that you provide to us regarding such persons.
Service Providers
We work with third parties who provide services, including but not limited to website hosting, order processing and fulfillment, credit card clearance, data analysis, emailing and other services of an administrative nature. Personally identifiable information, including financial information, is shared with such third parties for the purpose of providing you services or products and is limited to the intended purpose only.
Subject to applicable law, we reserve the right to release information concerning any Site visitor where such visitor is believed to be in violation of his or her obligations to us, is partaking (or is suspected of partaking) in any illegal activity, in response to civil subpoenas and discovery requests, to protect the interests of the Site, our customers or others, and as otherwise permitted or required by law as regards to these special cases.
The Site seeks to use reasonable security measures to help protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of personally identifiable information that is under our control.
While no security system, or system of transmitting data over the Internet, can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, we seek to protect your personally identifiable information through several sources.
First, all personal information is encrypted within our databases.
Second, customer credit card numbers are not visible in their entirety (1111 x x x x x x x 1111). Third, we use a security monitoring company named Trustwave. Trustwave is approved by Visa™ and Mastercard™ for assuring them that data is being handled securely. We cannot guarantee the means by which information is transmitted between your computer and the Site servers, or any information provided to us or to any third party through or in connection with the Site. You provide all such information at your own risk, but please remember that these risks can be minimized by using responsible browsing habits such as the use of anti-virus software and similar protection measures.
If you have signed up for an account with the Site, you may update your mailing address, email address, name changes or telephone number by clicking "my account" located at the top of the page. This takes you to a page with your account information and preferences. Please take the time to make sure your information is accurate for timely delivery as well as keeping your mailing preferences updated.
If you have any questions about this Policy, the data collection and usage practices of this Site, or your dealings with this Site, or if you wish to report a violation of this Policy, you can contact us.
Email Preferences
By placing an order, you will NOTbe automatically subscribed to our newsletter program. If you would like to receive our newsletters and/or promotional communications, you may do so at check out or through managing your email preferences in My Account. Your information is secure and confidential and will not be sold or shared with any 3rd parties except as necessary to fulfill your order.
OPT IN LEARN MORE: QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS
What type of emails will I receive from the Site? Exclusives, Sales & Special Offers, Newsletters: Get the scoop on promotional events, email exclusive discounts and more.
I signed up, so why am I not receiving emails from the Site in my personal inbox?
First, make sure your email address is correct in your account profile.
Next, Emails from us may be going to your spam collection.
Please add stcnewsletter@cnv.com to your email address book.
If I uncheck the box will I still receive emails from the Site?
You will no longer receive any type of marketing or promotional emails, however for every purchase you make you may receive the following types of emails: Order Updates & Confirmations and Online Shipping Confirmations.
How do I opt out of emails from the Site? If you provide our website with your email address, you may receive emails from us. If you do not want to receive marketing or promotional emails from us, please click on the unsubscribe link in any email from the Site or update your email preferences in My Account.
If I have an online account, how do I change my email address with the site? If you have a website account and wish to update your email address, please enter your changes in My Account.
Can I create an online account and not receive marketing or promotional emails from the Site? Yes. After setting up an account, you can log in and set your preference to not receive promotional emails.
Home  |  About Us  |  BDSM Dating  |  BDSM Toys  |  BDSM Dictionary  |  Ask Bondage Brittney  |  Bondage Stories  |  Contact Us  |  Feedback
Take 10% Off Your Order!
Sign Up for Our Weekly Emails. Be the first to know about Deals & Clearance! Unsubscribe Anytime. Your privacy is Important to us.
SIGN UP
2257 Compliance Statement
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Help?
Copyright 2020
Take 10% Off Your Order!
*Excludes Video on Demand
To continue please check the box below.
SIGN UP
You're on the list!
Thanks for signing up! Don't forget to look for your confirmation email. You should receive it in the next few minutes.
Take 10% Off Your Order!
Sign up to receive our weekly emails and get an instant 10% off coupon to use on your order today.
SIGN UP
No Thanks