https://www.rabbitsreviews.com/rabbitsfaq.aspx#privacy
Porn Reviews
Categories
Discounts
Christmas Deals
Search
Contact
Skype
1.855.722.2485
Contact Form
SEARCH
Sign Up
Log In
Porn Reviews
Categories
Discounts
Christmas Deals
Contact us
×
Please wait...
Show Categories
Categories
Most Popular Amateur Anal Arab Asian Ass Babes BBW BDSM Big Tits Bisexual Bizarre Blowjobs Cartoons Casting Celebrity Close-Up Creampies Ebony Facial FemDom Fetish Foot For Women Gang Bangs Hairy Handjobs Hardcore Indian Interracial Latina Lesbian Lingerie Live Cam Masturbation Mature Monster Cocks Movies Non Nude Party Pay Per View Peeing Porn Models Porn Network Porn Stars POV Pregnant Reality Retro Softcore Spanking Squirting Taboo Teen Trans Various Voyeur VR
FAQ2257TOSCookiesDMCAPrivacy PolicyUsers FAQWho is behind RabbitsReviews?I can't find the review/site I was looking for. What can I do?How can I suggest sites that I'd like to see Rabbits review?I want to write for RabbitsReviews. How can I find out if there are any jobs available?Where can I learn how to have sex like the pros?What is DRM and can I remove it?I have a business/partnership opportunity. Whose attention should I bring it to? Who is behind RabbitsReviews?RabbitsReviews was launched in 2003 by The Rabbit, a college student, who had been a member of numerous adult websites. His passion for adult entertainment and his experiences buying memberships to sites that promised more than they delivered proved there was a need for unbiased reporting.RabbitsReviews has worked tirelessly to position itself as the most honest and reliable porn review site. With a team of 30 employees and several part-time consultants, RabbitsReviews works around the clock to ensure that surfers can find the best porn the web has to offer. It's no wonder that over eight million surfers (over 260,000 each day) follow the White Rabbit every month.Top of pageI can't find the review/site I was looking for, what can I do?You may want to try using our search engine. Just input the site's name into the search field, hit enter and then scroll to the bottom of the page to see your results. If you still can't find the site that you seek, it is either because we have yet to hear about it or because the owner of the site has requested that we not review it. If you would like to suggest a site for review, please click here. We appreciate your suggestions!Top of pageHow can I suggest sites that I'd like to see Rabbits review?If you would like to suggest a site for review please click here. Your suggestions are appreciated!Top of pageI want to write for RabbitsReviews. How can I find out if there are any jobs available?We only hire employees for our Montreal, Canada office. If you live in the city, please feel free to contact us here.Top of pageWhere can I learn how to have sex like the pros? If you want to increase your sexual stamina, then check out the Stamina Training Unit by Fleshlight. For those who want to practice with the actual motion of sex, we recommend getting the Handsfree Training Package. We'd recommend this for anyone serious about masturbation. Hands free adds a whole new dynamic that just can't be beat!Top of pageWhat is DRM and can I remove it?For more information about DRM (digital rights management) click here. Removing DRM is illegal and any effort to do so is considered a copyright violation under the Digital Millenium Copyright Act (DMCA).Top of pageI have a business/partnership opportunity. Whose attention should I bring it to?Please submit any and all inquiries and proposals via this form.Top of page18 U.S.C. § 2257 StatementAny actual human beings depicted in images appearing on this website were over the age of 18 years at the time those images were recorded.Exemption: Content Produced by Third PartiesThe operators of this website are not the "producers" of any depictions of actual or simulated sexually explicit conduct which may appear on this website. More specifically, the operators of this website limit their handling of such content, and only perform the activities of transmission, storage, retrieval, hosting, and/or formatting of material that may depict sexually explicit conduct, all of which material appears on the website as the result of actions taken by third-party users of the website. All portions of the website that contain such user-generated material are under the control of the relevant user, for whom this website is provided as an online service by its operators. Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2257(h)(2)(B)(v) and 47 U.S.C. § 230(c), the operators of this website reserve the right to delete materials appearing on the site as the result of actions taken by the website's users, which materials are deemed, in the operator's sole discretion, to be indecent, obscene, defamatory, or inconsistent with the policies and terms of service for this website.Exemption: Content Produced by Website OperatorsTo the extent that any images appear on the website, for which the operators of this website may be considered the "producer," those images are exempt from the requirements of 18 U.S.C. § 2257 and 28 C.F.R. § 75 for one or more of the following reasons: (i) the produced images do not portray any sexually explicit conduct defined in 18 U.S.C. §§ 2256(2)(A); (ii) the produced images do not portray depictions of the genitals or pubic area created after July 27, 2006; (iii) the produced images do not portray simulated sexually explicit activity occurring after the effective date of 18 U.S.C. § 2257A; and/or (iv) the produced images were created prior to July 3, 1995.Designated Records CustodianWithout limiting in any way the applicability of the above-stated exemptions, the operators of this website have designated the custodian, whose address appears below, to be the keeper of original records described in 18 U.S.C. § 2257 and 28 C.F.R. § 75 for all materials appearing on this website that fall into the following categories: (i) marketing and advertising materials that contain visual depictions of actual or simulated sexually explicit conduct, which materials have been acquired or created by the website's operators for the purpose of promoting the website; or (ii) materials that are not exempt, as described above.The aforementioned records and their custodian can be found at the following location:RabbitsReviews.comTerms-of-Use AgreementLast updated: October 1, 2018Acceptance of the AgreementThese terms of use are entered into between you and 4th Whale Marketing Inc. ("
Company," "
we," or "
us"). The following terms, together with any documents they expressly incorporate by reference (collectively, this "
agreement"), govern your access to and use of www.rabbitsreviews.com, including any content, functionality, and services offered on or through www.rabbitsreviews.com (the "
Website"), whether as a guest or a registered user.Please read this agreement carefully before you start to use the Website.
By using the Website or by clicking to accept or agree to this agreement when this option is made available to you, you agree to be bound and abide by this agreement and our Privacy Policy, found at
www.rabbitsreviews.com/rabbitsfaq.aspx, incorporated by reference.
If you do not want to agree to this agreement or the Privacy Policy, you must not access or use the Website.This Website is offered and available to users who are 18-years old or older and who do not otherwise find sexually explicit content offensive. By using this Website, you state that you are of legal age to form a binding contract with the Company and meet all the foregoing eligibility requirements. If you do not meet all these requirements, you must not access or use the Website.Changes to the AgreementWe may revise and update this agreement from time to time in our sole discretion. All changes are effective immediately when we post them and apply to all access to and use of the Website from then on. But any changes to the dispute resolution provisions set out in
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
will not apply to any disputes for which the parties have actual notice on or before the date the change is posted on the Website.Your continued use of the Website after the posting of the revised agreement means that you agree to the changes. You are expected to check this page frequently, so you are aware of any changes, as they are binding on you.Accessing the Website and Account SecurityWe may withdraw or amend this Website, and any service or material we provide on the Website, in our sole discretion without notice. We will not be liable if for any reason any part of the Website is unavailable at any time or for any period. From time to time, we may restrict access to some parts of the Website, or the entire Website, to users, including registered users.You are responsible for:Making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to the Website.
Ensuring that all persons who access the Website through your Internet connection are aware of this agreement and comply with it.
To access the Website or some of the resources it offers, you may be asked to provide certain registration details or other information. It is a condition of your use of the Website that all the information you provide on the Website is correct, current, and complete. You acknowledge that all information you provide to register with this Website or otherwise, including through the use of any interactive features on the Website, is governed by our Privacy Policy, and you consent to all actions we take with respect to your information consistent with our Privacy Policy.If you choose, or are provided with, a username, password, or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat that information as confidential, and you must not disclose it to any other person or entity. You also acknowledge that your account is personal to you and you will not provide any other person with access to this Website or parts of it using your username, password, or other security information. You will promptly notify us of any unauthorized access to or use of your username or password or any other breach of security. You also will ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. You should use particular caution when accessing your account from a public or shared computer so that others are not able to view or record your password or other personal information.We may disable any username, password, or other identifier, whether chosen by you or provided by us, at any time in our sole discretion for any or no reason, including if, in our opinion, you have violated any part of this agreement.Intellectual-Property RightsThe Website and its entire contents, features, and functionality (including all information, software, text, displays, images, video, and audio, and the design, selection, and arrangement of it) are owned by the Company, its licensors, or other providers of that material and are protected by copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws.This agreement permits you to use the Website for your personal, noncommercial use only. You must not reproduce, distribute, modify, create derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, republish, download, store, or transmit any of the material on our Website, except as follows:
Your computer may temporarily store copies of those materials in RAM incidental to your accessing and viewing those materials.
You may store files that are automatically cached by your Web browser for display enhancement purposes.
You may print or download one copy of a reasonable number of pages of the Website for your own personal, noncommercial use and not for further reproduction, publication, or distribution.
If we provide desktop, mobile, or other applications for download, you may download a single copy to your computer or mobile device solely for your own personal, noncommercial use, on condition that you agree to be bound by our end user license agreement for those applications.
If we provide social media features with certain content, you may take those actions as are enabled by those features.
You must not:Modify copies of any materials from this Website.
Use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences, or any graphics separately from the accompanying text.
Delete or alter any copyright, trademark, or other proprietary rights notices from copies of materials from this Website.
You must not access or use for any commercial purposes any part of the Website or any services or materials available through the Website.If you wish to make any use of material on the Website other than that set out in this section, please address your request to: privacy@rabbitsreviews.comIf you print, copy, modify, download, or otherwise use or provide any other person with access to any part of the Website in breach of this agreement, your right to use the Website will stop immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made. No interest in or to the Website or any content on the Website is transferred to you, and all rights not expressly granted are reserved by the Company. Any use of the Website not expressly permitted by this agreement is a breach of this agreement and may violate copyright, trademark, and other laws.The Company's name, the Website logo, and all related names, logos, product and service names, designs, and slogans are service marks, trademarks, and trade names of the Company or its affiliates or licensors. You must not use those marks without the Company's written permission. All other names, logos, product and service names, designs, and slogans on this Website are the service marks, trademarks, or trade names of their respective owners.Prohibited UsesYou may use the Website only for lawful purposes and in accordance with this agreement. You must not use the Website:
In any way that violates any applicable federal, state, local, or international law or regulation (including any laws regarding the export of data or software to and from the US or other countries).
For the purpose of exploiting, harming, or attempting to exploit or harm minors in any way by exposing them to inappropriate content, asking for personally identifiable information, or otherwise.
To send, knowingly receive, upload, download, use, or re-use any material that does not comply with the
Content Standards
set out in this agreement.
To transmit, or procure the sending of, any advertising or promotional material our written consent, including any "junk mail," "chain letter," "spam," or any other similar solicitation.
To impersonate or attempt to impersonate the Company, a Company employee, another user, or any other person or entity (including by using email addresses or usernames associated with any of the foregoing).
To engage in any other conduct that restricts or inhibits anyone's use or enjoyment of the Website, or which, as determined by us, may harm the Company or users of the Website or expose them to liability.
Additionally, you must not:
Use the Website in any manner that could disable, overburden, damage, or impair the Website or interfere with any other party's use of the Website, including their ability to engage in real time activities through the Website.
Use any robot, spider, or other automatic device, process, or means to access the Website for any purpose, including monitoring or copying any of the material on the Website.
Use any manual process to monitor or copy any of the material on the Website or for any other unauthorized purpose without our written consent.
Use any device, software, or routine that interferes with the proper working of the Website.
Introduce any viruses, trojan horses, worms, logic bombs, or other material that is malicious or technologically harmful.
Attempt to gain unauthorized access to, interfere with, damage, or disrupt any parts of the Website, the server on which the Website is stored, or any server, computer, or database connected to the Website.
Attack the Website via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of-service attack.
Otherwise try to interfere with the proper working of the Website.
User ContributionsThe Website may contain message boards, forums, bulletin boards, and other interactive features (collectively, "Interactive Services")that allow users to post, submit, publish, display, or transmit to other users or other persons ("
post
") content or materials (collectively, "
User Contributions
") on or through the Website.All User Contributions must comply with the
Content Standards
stated in this agreement.Any User Contribution you post to the Website will be considered nonconfidential and nonproprietary. By providing any User Contribution on the Website, you hereby grant us and our affiliates and service providers, and each of their and our respective licensees, successors, and assigns a license to use, reproduce, modify, perform, display, distribute, and otherwise disclose to third parties any User Contribution for any purpose unless otherwise provided in our Privacy Policy.You state that:
You own or control all rights in and to the User Contributions and have the right to grant the license granted above to us and our affiliates and service providers, and each of their and our respective licensees, successors, and assigns.
All your User Contributions do and will comply with this agreement.
You acknowledge that you are responsible for any User Contributions you submit or contribute, and you, not the Company, have full responsibility for that content, including its legality, reliability, accuracy, and appropriateness.We are not responsible, or liable to any third party, for the content or accuracy of any User Contributions posted by you or any other Website user.Monitoring and Enforcement; TerminationWe may:
Remove or refuse to post any User Contributions for any or no reason in our sole discretion.
Take any action with respect to any User Contribution that we consider necessary or appropriate in our sole discretion, including if we believe that that User Contribution violates this agreement, including the
Content Standards
, infringes any intellectual-property right or other right of any person or entity, threatens the personal safety of users of the Website or the public, or could create liability for the Company.
Disclose your identity or other information about you to any third party who claims that material posted by you violates their rights, including their intellectual-property rights or their right to privacy.
Take appropriate legal action, including referral to law enforcement, for any illegal or unauthorized use of the Website.
Terminate or suspend your access to all or part of the Website for any reason, including any violation of this agreement.
We will fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing us to disclose the identity or other information of anyone posting any materials on or through the Website.
You waive and hold harmless the Company and its affiliates, licensees, and service providers from any claims resulting from any action taken by any of the foregoing parties during, or taken as a consequence of, investigations by either those parties or law enforcement authorities.However, we do not undertake to review material before it is posted on the Website and cannot ensure prompt removal of objectionable material after it has been posted. Accordingly, we assume no liability for any action or inaction regarding transmissions, communications, or content provided by any user or third party. We have no liability or responsibility to anyone for performance or nonperformance of the activities described in this section.Content StandardsThese content standards apply to all User Contributions and use of Interactive Services. User Contributions must in their entirety comply with all applicable federal, state, local, and international laws and regulations. User Contributions must not:
Contain any material which is defamatory, obscene, indecent, abusive, offensive, harassing, violent, hateful, inflammatory, or otherwise objectionable.
Promote obscene material, violence, or discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation, or age.
Infringe any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, or other intellectual property or other rights of any other person.
Violate the legal rights (including the rights of publicity and privacy) of others or contain any material that could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under applicable laws or regulations or that otherwise may be in conflict with this agreement and our Privacy Policy.
Be likely to deceive any person.Promote any illegal activity, or advocate, promote, or assist any unlawful act.
Cause annoyance, inconvenience, or needless anxiety or be likely to upset, embarrass, alarm, or annoy any other person.
Impersonate any person, or misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person or organization.
Involve commercial activities or sales, such as contests, sweepstakes, and other sales promotions, barter, or advertising.
Give the impression that they emanate from or are endorsed by us or any other person or entity, if this is not the case.
Copyright InfringementIf you believe that any User Contributions violate your copyright, please see our Copyright Policy for instructions on sending us a notice of copyright infringement. It is the Company's policy to terminate the user accounts of repeat infringers.Reliance on Information PostedThe information presented on or through the Website is made available solely for general information purposes. We are not making any warranty about the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of this information. Any reliance you place on that information is strictly at your own risk. All users are encouraged to think for themselves. The information contained in the reviews on this Website is intended to allow users to make informed decisions, not to substitute for their decision-making ability. All reviews are merely the opinion of the author. We disclaim all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance placed on those materials by you or any other visitor to the Website, or by anyone who may be informed of any of its contents.This Website may include content provided by third parties, including materials provided by other users, bloggers, and third-party licensors, syndicators, aggregators, or reporting services. All statements or opinions expressed in these materials, and all articles and responses to questions and other content, other than the content provided by the Company, are solely the opinions and the responsibility of the person or entity providing those materials. These materials do not necessarily reflect the Company's opinion. We are not responsible, or liable to you or any third party, for the content or accuracy of any materials provided by any third parties, including the content of any reviewed website.Changes to the WebsiteWe may update the content on this Website from time to time, but its content is not necessarily complete or up-to-date. Any of the material on the Website may be out of date at any given time, and we are not required to update that material.Information About You and Your Visits to the WebsiteAll information we collect on this Website is subject to our Privacy Policy. By using the Website, you consent to all actions taken by us with respect to your information in compliance with the Privacy Policy.Other Terms and Conditions
Additional terms may also apply to specific portions, services, or features of the Website. All those additional terms are incorporated by this reference into this agreement.Linking to the Website and Social Media FeaturesYou may link to our homepage, on condition that you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in a way that suggests any form of association, approval, or endorsement on our part without our express written consent.This Website may provide certain social media features that enable you to:
Link from your own or certain third-party websites to certain content on this Website.
Send emails or other communications with certain content, or links to certain content, on this Website.
Cause limited portions of content on this Website to be displayed or appear to be displayed on your own or certain third-party websites.
You may use these features solely as they are provided by us and solely with respect to the content they are displayed with and otherwise in accordance with any additional terms we provide with respect to those features. Subject to the foregoing, you must not:
Establish a link from any website that is not owned by you.
Cause the Website or parts of it to be displayed, or appear to be displayed by, for example, framing, deep linking, or in-line linking, on any other site.
Link to any part of the Website other than the homepage.
Otherwise take any action with respect to the materials on this Website that is inconsistent with any other part of this agreement.
The website from which you are linking, or on which you make certain content accessible, must comply in all respects with the
Content Standards
set out in this agreement.You will cooperate with us in causing any unauthorized framing or linking immediately to stop. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.We may disable any social media features and any links at any time without notice in our discretion.Links from the WebsiteIf the Website contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your convenience only. This includes links contained in advertisements, including banner advertisements and sponsored links. We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them. If you decide to access any of the third-party websites linked to this Website, you do so entirely at your own risk and subject to the terms of use for those websites.Geographic RestrictionsThe owner of the Website is based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. We provide this Website for use only by persons located in countries or jurisdictions that do not prohibit pornography or sexually explicit material. We make no claims that the Website or any of its content is accessible or appropriate in your country or jurisdiction. Access to the Website may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries. If you access the Website from countries or jurisdictions that prohibit pornography or sexually explicit material, you do so on your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws.Warranty DisclaimersYou understand that we cannot and do not guarantee or warrant that files available for downloading from the Internet or the Website will be free of viruses or other destructive code. You are responsible for implementing sufficient procedures and checkpoints to satisfy your particular requirements for anti-virus protection and accuracy of data input and output, and for maintaining a means external to our Website for any reconstruction of any lost data.
We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses, or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data, or other proprietary material due to your use of the Website or any services or items obtained through the Website or to your downloading of any material posted on it, or on any website linked to it.We offer this Website, the reviews, and the links for informational purposes only. Your use of the Website, its content, and any services or items obtained through the Website is at your own risk. The Website, its content, and any services or items obtained through the Website are provided "as is" and "as available," without any warranties of any kind, either express or implied. You acknowledge that each review constitutes the mere opinion of the reviewer and that you should not rely on this Website or the reviews for advice of any nature. Neither the Company nor any person associated with the Company is making any warranty or representation with respect to the completeness, security, reliability, quality, accuracy, or availability of the Website, the reviews, or the reviewed websites. Neither the Company nor anyone associated with the Company represents or warrants that the Website, its content (including the reviews), or any services or items obtained through the Website will be accurate, reliable, error-free, or uninterrupted, that defects will be corrected, that the Website or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or other harmful components, or that the Website or any services or items obtained through the Website will otherwise meet your needs or expectations. We are not responsible for the actions, decisions, or other behavior you take or do not take in reliance on this Website or the reviews contained on this Website. Not all websites mentioned on this Website may be available at the time that you view them.We disclaim all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, statutory, or otherwise, including any warranties of merchantability, noninfringement, and fitness for particular purpose.The foregoing does not affect any warranties that cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.Limitation on LiabilityIn no event will the Company, its affiliates, or their licensors, service providers, employees, agents, officers, or directors be liable for damages of any kind, under any legal theory, arising out of or in connection with your use, or inability to use, the Website, any websites linked to it, any content on the Website, or those other websites or any services or items obtained through the Website or those other websites, including any direct, indirect, special, incidental, consequential, or punitive damages, including personal injury, pain and suffering, emotional distress, loss of revenue, loss of profits, loss of business or anticipated savings, loss of use, loss of goodwill, loss of data, and whether caused by tort (including negligence), breach of contract, or otherwise, even if foreseeable.The foregoing does not affect any liability that cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.IndemnificationYou will defend, indemnify, and hold harmless the Company, its affiliates, licensors, and service providers, and its and their respective officers, directors, employees, contractors, agents, licensors, suppliers, successors, and assigns from and against any claims, liabilities, damages, judgments, awards, losses, costs, expenses, or fees (including reasonable attorneys' fees) arising out of or relating to your violation of this agreement or your use of the Website, including your User Contributions, any use of the Website's content, services, and products other than as expressly authorized in this agreement or your use of any information obtained from the Website.Governing Law and JurisdictionQuebec law governs all matters relating to the Website and this agreement and any dispute or claim arising from or related to it (in each case, including non-contractual disputes or claims) without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of Quebec or any other jurisdiction).Any legal suit, action, or proceeding arising out of, or related to, this agreement or the Website not subject to arbitration will be instituted exclusively in the courts of Montreal, Quebec, Canada, although we may bring any suit, action, or proceeding against you for breach of this agreement in your country of residence or any other relevant country. You waive all objections to the exercise of jurisdiction over you by those courts and to venue in those courts.ArbitrationAt the Company's sole discretion, it may require you to submit any dispute arising from the use of this agreement or the Website, including disputes arising from or concerning its interpretation, violation, invalidity, nonperformance, or termination, to final and binding arbitration under the Canadian Arbitration Rules of ICDR Canada applying Quebec provincial and Canadian federal law. A single arbitrator will preside over the arbitration. The arbitrator, and not any federal, provincial, or local court or agency, will have exclusive authority to resolve all disputes arising out of or relating to the interpretation, enforceability, or formation of this agreement, including any claim that all or any part of this agreement is void or voidable. Unless the parties agree otherwise in writing, the arbitration will take place in Montréal, Québec, Canada. Each party will be responsible for paying any filing, administrative, and arbitrator fees associated with the arbitration. The arbitrator may grant whatever relief that would be available in a court at law or in equity, except that the arbitrator must not award punitive or exemplary damages, or damages otherwise limited or excluded in this agreement. The arbitrator's award will include costs of arbitration, reasonable legal fees, and reasonable costs for expert and other witnesses. The arbitrator's award will be binding on the parties and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction.Class Action WaiverAll claims arising out of or relating to this agreement or the Website must be brought in the parties' individual capacity, and not as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class or representative proceeding, and, unless we agree otherwise in writing, the arbitrator must not consolidate more than one person's claims.Limitation on Time to File ClaimsAny cause of action or claim you may have arising out of or relating to this agreement or the Website must be commenced within one year after the cause of action accrues, otherwise, that cause of action or claim is permanently barred.Waiver and SeverabilityNo waiver by the Company of any term stated in this agreement will be deemed a further or continuing waiver of that term or a waiver of any other term, and any failure of the Company to assert a right or provision under this agreement will not constitute a waiver of that right or provision.If any provision of this agreement is held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable for any reason, that provision will be eliminated or limited to the minimum extent so that the remaining provisions of this agreement will continue in full effect.California Users and ResidentsIf any complaint with us is not satisfactorily resolved, you can contact the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs in writing at 1625 North Market Blvd., Suite N 112, Sacramento, California 95834 or by telephone at (800) 952-5210 or (916) 445-1254.Entire AgreementThis agreement and our Privacy Policy constitute the entire agreement between you and the Company regarding the Website and supersede all earlier and contemporaneous understandings, agreements, representations, and warranties, both written and oral, regarding the Website.FeedbackWe encourage you to give feedback about the Website. But we will not treat as confidential any suggestion or idea you give, and nothing in this agreement will restrict our right to use, profit from, disclose, publish, or otherwise exploit any feedback, without payment to you.Your Comments and ConcernsThis Website is operated by 4th Whale Marketing Inc., 765 Beaubien St. East, Suite 507, Montreal, Quebec, Canada H2S 1S8.All notices of copyright infringement claims should be sent to the copyright agent designated in our Copyright Policy in the manner and by the means stated in it.All other feedback, comments, requests for technical support, and other communications relating to the Website should be directed to: privacy@rabbitsreviews.comRabbitsReviews.comCookie Use PolicyLast Modified: September 28, 2018Cookies are small files of letters and numbers stored on your browser or device that enable the cookie owner to recognize the device when it visits websites or uses online services. The website you visit may set cookies directly, known as first-party cookies, or may trigger cookies set by other domain names, known as third-party cookies. While we may automatically use some cookies that are strictly necessary to provide the services you request or enable communications, we request your consent for all our other cookie uses.Types of Cookies We Use
We may use the following types of cookies:
Strictly necessary cookies.
Our website requires the use of these cookies to properly operate or provide necessary functions relating to the services you request. They include, for example, cookies enabling you to securely log into our website.
Analytical/performance cookies.
These cookies allow us and our third-party service providers to recognize and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us improve how our website works by, for example, ensuring that users can easily find what they need on our website. These cookies generate aggregate statistics that are not associated with an individualized profile.
Functionality cookies.
These cookies enable helpful but non-essential website functions that improve your website experience. By recognizing you when you return to our website, they may, for example, allow us to personalize our content for you, greet you by name, or remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region). These cookies may enable visitor identification over time, but not across different websites.
Advertising, tracking, or targeting cookies.
These cookies enable different advertising related functions. They may allow us to record information about your visit to our website, such as pages visited, links followed, and videos viewed so we can make our website and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests. These cookies may enable visitor identification over time, but not across different websites.
Third-party cookies.
Our website may contain helpful but non-essential features or plug-ins enabling third-party services that use cookies, such as social network connectors or web traffic analysis services. These cookies may enable visitor identification across websites and over time. We do not control the third party’s use of those cookies. Please review each party’s cookie disclosure before consenting to this use category.
Our Privacy Policy describes our practices for any personal data that our first-party cookies collect, store, or use.
Except for strictly necessary cookies, all first-party cookies set by this site will expire no later than two years after your last website visit. Third-party cookie expiration periods are set by their respective owners.
Cross-Border Data Transfers
The cookies we use may process, store, or transfer personal data in and to a country outside your own, with privacy laws that provide different, possibly lower, protections. You consent to this transfer, storing, or processing when you consent to our cookie use. We are based in Canada, but our servers are located in Canada. Please review the third-party cookie provider’s policy to learn more about its location.
Your Cookie Choices
You may withdraw your consent for our cookie uses that are not strictly necessary at any time by clicking below.
Disable Non-essential CookiesNon-essential cookies have been disabled.Enable Non-essential Cookies
Most web browsers allow you to directly block all cookies, or just third-party cookies, through your browser settings. Using your browser settings to block all cookies, including strictly necessary ones, may interfere with proper site operation.
Changes to Our Cookie Uses
We will post any changes to the way we use cookies on this page and indicate on our website that we updated this cookie notice. If the changes materially alter how we use cookies, we will post a notice on our website and request your consent for the materially different use. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our cookie use notice.
Contact Information
Please submit any questions, comments, or requests regarding this cookie use notice using the process described in our Privacy Policy, located at www.rabbitsreviews.com/rabbitsfaq.aspx#privacy.
DMCACopyright Infringement Notification InstructionsThank you for visiting our website (the "Website"). These Copyright Infringement Notification Instructions are for copyright related claims only. Should you have any comments, questions, concerns, or issues related to abuse, harassment, inappropriate content, or privacy issues, please contact us.By utilizing the Website you agree that you have consulted with an attorney of your own choosing and at your own expense in order to fully understand all of your legal rights and obligations as a result of utilizing the Website and these Copyright Infringement Notification Instructions.WARNING: PURSUANT TO 17 U.S.C. § 512(f), ANY PERSON WHO KNOWINGLY MATERIALLY MISPRESENTS THAT MATERIAL OR ACTIVITY IS INFRINGING MAY BE SUBJECT TO LIABILITY OR DAMAGES. DO NOT MAKE FALSE CLAIMS OF COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT.Should you desire to review the full Text of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA"), you may click HERE or should you desire to review a memorandum summarizing each title of the DMCA you may click HERE. The information contained at the afore-mentioned linked webpages is for your convenience only and we make no promises or representations related to the information contained therein including its accuracy.Pursuant to 17 U.S.C. §512(k)(1) of the DMCA, this Website is a "Service Provider" and is entitled to certain protections commonly referred to as the "Safe Harbor" provisions.Claim of Infringement – If you believe that someone has posted material that infringes your copyright, a notification of a claimed copyright infringement must be provided via email or regular mail to us and must include the following information (the list below comes substantially straight from the statute 17 U.S.C. §512(c)(3); if you do not understand the language please seek independent legal advice):A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site;Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the material;Information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted;A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;Please send your Claim of Infringement to:Corey D. Silverstein, Esquire30150 Telegraph Road, Suite 444Bingham Farms, MI 48025Email: dmca.notice [at] ex-situ [dot] comFailure to submit copyright infringement notifications as described above will result in no legal notice or action on behalf of Ex Situ Marketing, Inc. Claim of Infringement Counter-Notification –If you have received a Copyright Infringement Notification and you feel that material you have placed online that has been removed following an infringement complaint is in fact not an infringement, you may file a counter- notification. 17 U.S.C. §512 (g)(3) requires that to be valid, the counter-notification must be written and addressed to our designated agent (listed above) and must provide the following information (the list below comes straight from the statute; if you do not understand the language please seek independent advice):Identification of the specific URLs of material that the Website has removed or to which the Website has disabled access;Your full name, address, telephone number, and email addressThe statement: "I consent to the jurisdiction of the Federal District Court for the district in which my address is located, or if my address is outside of the United States, the judicial district in which the Website is located, and will accept service of process from the claimant";The statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that I have a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of a mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled"; andSignature. A scanned physical signature or a valid electronic signature will be accepted.Our designated agent will present your counter-notification to the Complaining Party. Once your counter- notification has been delivered, Ex Situ Marketing, Inc., is allowed under the provisions of 17 U.S.C. §512 to restore the removed material in no less than 10, nor more than 14, business days, unless the Complaining Party notifies us that it has filed an action seeking a court order to restrain you, the subscriber, from engaging in infringing activity related to the material on Ex Situ Marketing, Inc.'s system or network.Please note that when we forward the counter-notification to the Complaining Party, it includes your personal information. By submitting a Counter-Notification, you consent to having your information revealed in this way.Ex Situ Marketing, Inc. is not required to respond to counter-notifications that do not meet the requirements above.Claim of Infringement Retractions –In the event that after you submit a Copyright Infringement Notification, you realize that you have either misidentified content, failed to comply with the requirements of the DMCA or that you simply changed your mind, you may retract your Copyright Infringement Notification by sending us a Notification of Retraction with all of the following:A statement indicating that you are retracting your Copyright Infringement Notification;The complete and specific URL of the material in question;An electronic signature; andA copy of your original Copyright Infringement Notification.Repeat Offenders –This Website terminates the account(s) of any repeat copyright infringer, when appropriate and maintains a Repeat Infringer Policy pursuant to 17 U.S.C. § 512(i).* * *These Copyright Infringement Notification Instructions may be and shall be modified from time to time without notice. You are solely responsible for regularly reviewing these Copyright Notification Instructions.Our Copyright Infringement Agent is not associated with this Website or the legal entity that controls this Website. Do not send any other information or material to our DMCA Agent. 4th Whale MarketingWebsite Privacy PolicyLast Updated: September 28, 2018IntroductionWelcome to the 4th Whale Marketing Inc.’s privacy policy.4th Whale respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data. This privacy policy will inform you as to how we look after your personal data when you visit our websites (regardless of where you visit it from) and tell you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.This privacy policy is provided in a layered format so you can click through to the specific areas set out below. Please also use the
Glossary
to understand the meaning of some of the terms used in this privacy policy.Important Information and Who We AreThe Data We Collect About YouHow Is Your Personal Data CollectedHow We Use Your Personal DataDisclosures of Your Personal DataInternational TransfersData SecurityData RetentionAccessing and Correcting Your Personal DataDo Not Track PolicyYour California Privacy RightsYour Canadian Privacy RightsYour EEA Legal RightsGlossaryImportant information and who we arePurpose of this privacy policyThis privacy policy aims to give you information on how 4th Whale collects and processes your personal data through your use of this website, including any data you may provide through this website when you sign up or purchase a product or service.This website is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.It is important that you read this privacy policy together with any other privacy policy or fair processing policy we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data. This privacy policy supplements other notices and privacy policies and is not intended to override them.Controller4th Whale Marketing Inc. is the controller and responsible for your personal data (collectively referred to as "4th Whale," "we," "us," or "our" in this privacy policy).We have appointed a data privacy manager who is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to this privacy policy. If you have any questions about this privacy policy, including any requests to exercise your EEA legal rights, please contact the data privacy manager using the details set out below.Contact detailsIf you have any questions about this privacy policy or our privacy practices, please contact our data privacy manager in the following ways:Full name of legal entity: 4th Whale Marketing Inc.Email address:
privacy@rabbitsreviews.com
Postal address: 765 Beaubien St. East, Suite 507, Montreal, Quebec, Canada H2S 1S8If you reside in the UK, you have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues (
www.ico.org.uk
). If you reside within the European Economic Area (EEA), you have the right to make a complaint at any time to the appropriate supervisory authority for your country of residence. See
http://ec.europa.eu
for these details. We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach your supervisory authority so please contact us in the first instance.Changes to the privacy policy and your duty to inform us of changesWe keep our privacy policy under regular review. This version was last updated on September 28, 2018. Historic versions can be obtained by contacting us.It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us.Third-party linksThis website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins, and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit.The data we collect about youPersonal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).We may collect, use, store, and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together as follows:Identity Data
includes first name, last name, username or similar identifier, country, and zip code.
Contact Data
includes email address and telephone numbers.
Social Media Login Data
includes social media account details, like your Google or Twitter login details.
Technical Data
includes Internet protocol (IP) address, cookie ID, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, and other technology on the devices you use to access this website.
Profile Data
includes your username and password, your interests, preferences, feedback, and survey responses.
Usage Data
includes information about how you use our website, products, and services, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URLs); clickstream to, through, and from our website (including date and time); information you viewed or searched for; page response times; download errors; length of visits to certain pages; page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs); and methods used to browse away from the page.
Marketing and Communications Data
includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.
We also collect, use, and share
Aggregated Data
such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data could be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data will
not
directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy policy.We do not collect any
Special Categories of Personal Data
about you (this include details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health, and genetic and biometric data). We do not collect any information about criminal convictions and offenses.If you fail to provide personal dataWhere we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with goods or services). In this case, we may have to cancel a product or service you have with us, but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.How is your personal data collected?We use different methods to collect data from and about you, including through:Direct interactions.
You may give us your Identity and Contact by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by email or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide when you:
create an account on our website;
request marketing to be sent to you;
enter a competition, promotion, or survey; or
give us feedback or contact us.
Automated technologies or interactions.
As you interact with our website, we will automatically collect Technical and Usage Data about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies, server logs, and other similar technologies. We may also receive Technical and Usage Data about you if you visit other websites employing our cookies. Please see our
cookie policy
for further details.
Third parties or publicly available sources.
We will receive personal data about you from various third parties as set out below:
Technical Data from the following parties:
analytics providers such as Google based outside the EU;
advertising networks based outside the EU; and
search information providers such as Google based outside the EU.
Contact Data from providers of technical and delivery services based outside the EU.
How we use your personal dataWe will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
Where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you.
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
Where we need to comply with a legal obligation.
Click
here
to find out more about the types of lawful basis that we will rely on to process your personal data.Generally, we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data although we will get your consent before collecting sensitive personal data or sending third-party direct marketing communications to you via email. You have the right to withdraw consent to processing your sensitive personal data or to marketing at any time by contacting us.Purposes for which we will use your personal dataWe have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate.Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data. Please contact us if you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out in the table below.Purpose/ActivityType of dataLawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest
To register you as a new customer
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
Performance of a contract with you
To manage our relationship with you which will include:
(a) Notifying you about changes to our terms or privacy policy
(b) Asking you to leave a review or take a survey
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Marketing and Communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
(c) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated and to study how customers use our products/services)
To enable you to partake in a prize draw, competition, or complete a survey
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Usage
(e) Marketing and Communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them, and grow our business)
To administer and protect our business and this website (including security, fraud, troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting, and hosting of data)
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
(a) Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud, and in the context of a business reorganization or group restructuring exercise)
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
To deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you and measure or understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Usage
(e) Marketing and Communications
(f) Technical
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them, to grow our business, and to inform our marketing strategy)
To use data analytics to improve our website, products/services, marketing, customer relationships, and experiences
(a) Technical
(b) Usage
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to define types of customers for our products and services, to keep our website updated and relevant, to develop our business, and to inform our marketing strategy)
To make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may be of interest to you
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
(d) Usage
(e) Profile
(f) Marketing and Communications
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop our products/services and grow our business)
To allow you to sign up or log in using your Google or Twitter account
Social Media Login
Performance of a contract with you
MarketingWe strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly around marketing and advertising. We have established the following personal data control mechanisms:Promotional offers from usWe may use your Identity, Contact, Technical, Usage, and Profile Data to form a view on what we think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which products, services, and offers may be relevant for you (we call this marketing).You will receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us or purchased goods or services from us and you have not opted out of receiving that marketing.Third-party marketingWe will get your express opt-in consent before we share your personal data with any third party for marketing purposes.Opting outYou can ask us or third parties to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by logging into the website and checking or unchecking relevant boxes to adjust your marketing preferences, by following the opt-out links on any marketing messages sent to you, or by contacting us at any time.Where you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of a product or service purchase, product or service experience, or other transactions.CookiesYou can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this website may become inaccessible or not function properly. For more information about the cookies we use, please see our cookie policy.Change of purposeWe will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact us.If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.Disclosures of your personal dataWe may share your personal data with the parties set out below for the purposes stated in the table (
Purposes for which we will use your personal data
) above.
External Third Parties as set out in the
Glossary
.
Specific third parties such as Campaigner (third-party email solution) and Push Engage (third-party push notification solution).
Third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy policy.
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.International transfersWe are based in Canada but our servers are located in the United States. We may process, store, and transfer the personal data we collect, in and to a country outside your own, with different privacy laws that may or may not be as comprehensive as your own. Where we do so, and where we are required to under local law, we will put in place appropriate mechanisms to ensure that your personal data receives an adequate level of protection where it is processed.If you are located in the European Economic Area (
EEA
), your personal data may be processed outside of the EEA, including, for example, in Canada and the United States, so processing of your personal data will involve a transfer of data outside the EEA.Whenever we transfer your personal data out of the EEA, we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is implemented:
We will only transfer your personal data to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data by the European Commission. For further details, see
European Commission: Adequacy of the protection of personal data in non-EU countries
.
Where we use certain service providers, we may use specific contracts approved by the European Commission which give personal data the same protection it has in Europe. For further details, see
European Commission: Model contracts for the transfer of personal data to third countries
.
Where we use providers based in the US, we may transfer data to them if they are part of the Privacy Shield which requires them to provide similar protection to personal data shared between Europe and the US. For further details, see
European Commission: EU–US Privacy Shield
.
Please contact us if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data out of the EEA.Data securityWe have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used, or accessed in an unauthorized way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors, and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.Data retentionHow long will you use my personal data for?We will only retain your personal data for as long as reasonably necessary to fulfill the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, regulatory, tax, accounting, or reporting requirements. We may retain your personal data for a longer period in the event of a complaint or if we reasonably believe there is a prospect of litigation in respect to our relationship with you.To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal, regulatory, tax, accounting, or other requirements.In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data: see
accessing and correcting your personal data
and
your EEA legal rights
below for further information.In some circumstances we will anonymize your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.Accessing and correcting your personal dataYou can access, review, and change your personal data by logging in the website and visiting your account profile page.You may also send us an email at
privacy@rabbitsreviews.com
to request access to, correct, or delete any personal data that you have provided to us. We cannot delete your personal data except by also deleting your user account. We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or negatively affect the information’s accuracy.If you delete your user contributions from the website, copies of your user contributions may remain viewable in cached and archived pages or might have been copied or stored by other website users.Do Not Track policyDo Not Track ("DNT") is a privacy preference that you can set in your browser. DNT is a way for you to inform websites and services that you do not want certain information about your webpage visits collected over time and across websites or online services. We are committed to providing you with meaningful choices about the information we collect and that is why we provide you the ability to opt out. But we do not recognize or respond to any DNT signals as the Internet industry works toward defining exactly what DNT means, what it means to comply with DNT, and a common approach to responding to DNT. For more information, visit
www.allaboutdnt.com
.Your California privacy rightsIf you are a California resident, you are granted specific rights regarding access to your personal data. California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the "Shine The Light" law, permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the name and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal data in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us using the contact information provided above.Your Canadian privacy rightsWe comply with Canadian Federal and Provincial privacy laws and regulations, including the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act.We will only use your personal information for the purposes intended and as detailed in this policy unless we have obtained your consent to use it for other purposes.Residents of Canada are notified that the personal data they provide to us is stored in our databases outside of Canada, including in the United States, and may be subject to disclosure to authorized law enforcement or government agencies in response to lawful demand under the laws of that country. You may withdraw your consent to our personal data collection, use, or disclosure, subject to legal and contractual restrictions.You have the right to complain about our personal data handling practices.If you need to contact us about your personal data or believe that we have violated your privacy rights, please contact us using the contact information provided above. You may visit
www.priv.gc.ca
for more information about your privacy rights.Your EEA legal rightsIf you reside in the EEA, under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data. Please click on the links below to find out more about these rights:
Request access to your personal data
.
Request correction of your personal data
.
Request erasure of your personal data
.
Object to processing of your personal data
.
Request restriction of processing your personal data
.
Request transfer of your personal data
.
Right to withdraw consent
.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us.No fee usually requiredYou will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive, or excessive. Alternatively, we could refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.What we may need from youWe may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.Time limit to respondWe try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it could take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.GlossaryLawful BasisLegitimate Interest
means the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service/product and the best and most secure experience. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law). You can obtain further information about how we assess our legitimate interests against any potential impact on you in respect of specific activities by contacting us.Performance of Contract
means processing your data where it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract.Comply with a legal obligation
means processing your personal data where it is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation that we are subject to.Third PartiesExternal Third Parties Compliance with Laws.
We may disclose your information where we are legally required to do so to comply with applicable law, government requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
Vital Interests and Legal Rights.
We may disclose your information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
Vendors, Consultants, and Other Third-Party Service Providers.
We may share your data with third-party vendors, service providers, contractors, or agents who perform services for us or on our behalf and require access to that information to do that work. Examples include: payment processing, data analysis, email delivery, hosting services, customer service, and marketing efforts. We may allow selected third parties to use tracking technology on the website, which will enable them to collect data about how you interact with the website over time. This information may be used to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content and better understand online activity. For example, we use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the website (you can read more about how Google uses your personal data here:
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
). You can also optout of Google Analytics here:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
. We also use AddThis to collect information from visitors of our website. You can easily opt out of interest-based advertising facilitated by AddThis at any time using the AddThis
opt out
. You can also opt out at
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
,
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
, and
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
. For more information about AddThis’s privacy practices, see
http://www.addthis.com/privacy/privacy-policy/
.
Advertising Networks.
We may share your personal data with advertising networks and technology companies that measure advertising performance and attribution.
Third-Party Advertisers.
We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the websites. These companies may use information about your visits to our websites and other websites that are contained in web cookies and other tracking technologies to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
Your EEA Legal RightsYou have the right to:Request access
to your personal data (commonly known as a "data subject access request"). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.Request correction
of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.Request erasure
of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully, or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.Object to processing
of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.Request restriction of processing
of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios:
If you want us to establish the data’s accuracy.
Where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it.
Where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise, or defend legal claims.
You have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Request the transfer
of your personal data to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.Withdraw consent at any time
where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
About Us
Contact Us
Get Newsletter & Discounts
About Us Contact Us
FAQ
TOS
Cookies
2257
DMCA
Privacy Policy
All rights reserved © 2003-2020 RabbitsReviews.com. Design and reviews are copyrighted.
Sign up