http://www.hugemuscle.com/noticeofprivacypolicy.html
PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy (the "Policy") applies to ProVideo Marketing
Incorporated, a California based business, and the operator of the URL's/website
addresses "hugemuscle.com", "nakedmuscle.com", "site.hugemuscle.com",
"brucepatterson.com", "muscleshop.com", "muscleppv.com"
and "tomlordmuscle.com".
This Policy explains what information we collect about you and what we do with
it. We reserve the right to modify this Policy at any time, and we will notify
you of any material changes to the Policy by posting the new Policy here and
changing the "Effective Date" at the top. We encourage you to check
this page periodically for any changes. By using or navigating any of the Sites,
you acknowledge that you have read, understand and agree to be bound by this
Policy or any modified Policy as posted. If you do not agree to these terms,
please do not use or visit any of our Sites.
What information do we collect?
We collect personal information that you provide to us such as your name, e-mail
address, street address and telephone number. We also may collect credit card
information from you. We generally collect this personal information on our
registration and order forms when you sign up to receive products or services
through the mail or from any of our Sites.
We collect IP addresses and anonymous demographic information (such as your
zip code) and may use this data to: tailor your experience at our Sites; provide
content in which we think you may be interested; display content according to
your preferences; and analyze traffic to our Sites.
What do we do with the information we collect?
We use personal information and other demographic or profile information you
provide to us to fulfill your order or request; to provide you with information
about our company and products and services, some of our partners and third
party companies in which we think you may be interested, and to contact you
when necessary.
We use IP addresses and anonymous demographic information to tailor your experiences
at our Sites by showing content in which we think you will be interested and
displaying content according to your preferences. Anonymous demographic information
may be shared with advertisers and market researchers.
We use information collected to evaluate and improve our services. We may develop
and use, in our sole discretion, consumer research which may be based on your
use of our services.
Personal information collected on the Sites is stored and processed in the
United States and by using any of the Sites, you consent to any such transfer
of information outside of your country.
Do we share the information we collect with third parties?
We do not share your name, address, email address, or telephone number with
any third party.
We may disclose your information in special cases if required to do so by law,
court order or other governmental authority or when we believe in good faith
that disclosing this information is otherwise necessary or advisable, including,
for instance, to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who
may be causing injury to or interfering with the rights or property of Pro Video
and Media Marketing, another user or anyone else that could be harmed by such
activities.
Is the information submitted in public forums confidential?
No. The Sites may offer chat rooms, forums, message boards and/or news groups
to our users. Please remember that any information disclosed in these areas
becomes public information. Accordingly, you should exercise caution when deciding
to disclose your personal information and you do so at your own risk.
Do we use cookies?
Yes. Cookies are pieces of information generated by web servers and stored
in your computer for future access. The Sites use cookie technology to enhance
your online experience by making it easier for you to navigate through our Sites
or make a feature work better. Generally, cookies can be disabled. However,
you must accept cookies in order to navigate the Sites; register for our membership
Sites and order products from our online stores.
Do we use web beacons?
Yes. Some of our Sites may contain electronic images known as "web beacons"
or single-pixel gifs that allow us to count visitors to our Sites and deliver
co-branded services. Web beacons collect limited information including cookie
number, time and date of a page view and a description of the page on which
the web beacon resides.
Does this Policy apply to linked sites other than the those listed
in the first paragraph of this policy?
No. The Sites contain links to other Internet sites. By clicking on a banner
or other link, you will be redirected off the Sites and to third party websites.
We are not responsible for the privacy or legal policies of such sites. You
should make sure that you read and understand the privacy policies of these
sites and direct any concerns regarding external links to the site administrator
or webmaster of that third party website.
How do I unsubscribe or correct/update my information?
If you have subscribed to our mailing list, all e-mails you receive from us
through those list mailings will include specific instructions on how to unsubscribe
and you may unsubscribe at any time. Additionally, we give you the following
options for removing your information from our database:
-- send mail to the following address:
ProVideo
PO Box 411446
San Francisco CA 94141
Questions? Please phone 415-357-1600