https://www.dollhouse.com.au/terms-and-conditions/
Terms and ConditionsDoll House TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USEBY ACCESSING AND BROWSING THIS WEBSITE, YOU ACCEPT, WITHOUT LIMITATION OR QUALIFICATION, THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE, PLEASE DISCONTINUE YOUR USE OF THIS WEBSITE.Modification of Terms
Doll House may, at any time and without notice, amend these terms and conditions (“Terms”), or may limit or deny access to, or change the content of, the website. You should periodically visit this Doll House to review the then current Terms to which you are bound. These Terms are applicable to all Doll House North American websites. When leaving this website, whether or not to visit another Doll House website, please read the website terms and the privacy policy applicable to such website to ensure you understand and agree with the terms applicable to that website.Applicability
Information and materials displayed on the website, including without limitation, product pricing, specifications, warranty and/or other information, are applicable to products sold in the United States and not necessarily to Doll House products sold in other markets.Restricted Use and Copyrights
All photographs, audio and video clips, picture images, graphics, links, website architecture, format, layout and data structures, and all other items contained on the website are copyrighted unless otherwise noted and may not be used in any manner, except as provided in these Terms or in the website text, without Doll House’s prior written permission. Images of people or places and Doll House’s products, are either property of, or used with permission by, Doll House Any unauthorized use of these materials may violate copyright, trademark and privacy laws, and other applicable statutes. You may browse this website and download or print a copy of material displayed on the website for your personal use only and not for redistribution, unless consented to in writing by Doll House This limited consent shall automatically terminate upon your breach of any of these website Terms.Trademarks
Doll House , Belgard®, Dufferin Stone® and other Doll House product names, model numbers, logos, commercial symbols, trade names and slogans are trademarks and the distinctive shapes of Doll House You are prohibited from using any of the marks appearing on this website without the express prior written consent of Doll House , except as permitted by applicable laws. Other marks and logos shown on this website may be marks owned by third parties not affiliated with Doll House and are used with permission. Nothing shown on this website should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any permission, license or right to use any trademark, service mark or trade name displayed on this website without the written permission of Doll House or the third party owner. The use of any Doll House logo or mark, whether registered or unregistered, as a hyperlink to this website or any other Doll House website is strictly prohibited unless consented to in writing by Doll House.Disclaimers
All data contained on the website relating to third-party products or services, including but not limited to, prices, availability of service or product, product feature or service coverage, if any, should be verified with the party supplying the product or service. Doll House may at any time without notice amend the data displayed on the website. Doll House endeavors to periodically update posted information, not all information may be current, and Doll House does not guarantee the accuracy or reliability of such data. Specifications on the website are for comparison purposes only. Manufacturer’s Suggested Retail Price (MSRP) excludes transportation fees, taxes, license, title, optional or regionally required equipment. Actual dealer price may vary. Doll House is not responsible for any loss or damage caused by your reliance on any data contained on this website.This website is provided as a convenience to you on an ” as is” and ” as available” basis. Doll House does not warrant that your access to these website Doll House es will be uninterrupted or error-free. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF TITLE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, IS MADE IN RELATION TO THE AVAILABILITY, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY OR CONTENT OF THE Doll House SITES. Doll House SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS, REVENUES OR DATA, OR LOSSES FOR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THIS WEBSITE, EVEN IF Doll House HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.Doll House assumes no responsibility and/or liability for any damages to or viruses that may infect your computer equipment or other property on account of or arising out of your use of or access to this website. Some jurisdictions do not allow exclusion of certain warranties or limitations of liability, so the above limitations or exclusions may not apply to you. Doll House ‘s liability in any case shall, however, be limited to the greatest extent permitted by law.Links
Doll House may include links to other sites on the Internet that are owned or operated by third parties, including authorized Doll House dealers. When visiting these third-party sites, you do so at your own risk. You should review and determine if you agree to a particular site’s terms and conditions of use before using such site. Doll House does not control these sites and assumes no responsibility for their content. A link to a non-Doll House site does not imply that Doll House endorses the site or the products or services described on such sites.Submissions
Any communication or material you transmit to the website (including feedback, data, answers, questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, plans, orders, requests or the like) will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary. All materials transmitted to the website becomes the property of Doll House and may be used for any purpose.Doll House may publish the material and/or incorporate it or any concepts described in it in our products without compensation, restrictions on use, acknowledgement of source, accountability, or liability.Governing Law
This website is governed by and subject to the laws of the State of Pennsylvania and, where applicable, U.S. federal law.© 2010 Doll House ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.Bucks Parties Terms and ConditionsFollow the rules and your bucks party will ruleWhile we want you to let your hair down and have a wild night to remember, we also have some rules to ensure order is kept. Breaking of these rules could lead to one or all of your party being asked to leave the premises.If any of your party is drunk when they arrive, they may be refused entry. Unfortunately, that’s the law – we simply can’t allow entry to any intoxicated persons.You must control your party. We expect our customers to behave and follow our rules, and that means bucks parties too. Have fun, but bad behaviour (particularly to our dancers) will not be tolerated.The best man, or whoever booked the party, could be held liable for damages if your party gets out of control.Make sure those memories are as good as possible, make sure you book with the Doll House – Perth’s original strip club. We guarantee you a great buck’s night. Simply call us today on (08) 9227 7029 or complete our Bucks Party enquiry form below.Register for Updates ×Relocating Form Email*
This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms.