http://www.pornotopia.com/terms.htm
More about Pornotopia.com
Terms and Conditions Agreement
Contacting Us--please use the SUPPORT links located on nearly every page of our website. We do have spam blockers, so if your email has uninvited ads or suspicious attachments--it won't make it thru. If you need telephone contact, we'll be happy to offer you a telephone number (U.S. toll free).
Refunds--We believe we have offered a thorough and honest Guest Tour. If you are having problems, please contact us. Charge Backs to our site should never be necessary--we are very reasonable people to work with.
Your Email Address--will never be freely distributed, sold or used to send you unnecessary mail or advertisements. We are strongly against spam and invasions of privacy. Email correspondence will only be used to accomplish necessary support and deal with your requests by invitation only.
You Are a Legal Adult--and will not hold Pornotopia.com and its associates liable for unlawful access by minors. Your agreement to enter out site, our Warning Page, or to make ANY purchases of our products is a statement that you are a Legal and Consenting Adult following the Resident Laws that govern you. Any prosecution will be met with counter-suits of unlawful conduct by pergury.
Password Privacy--you agree to protect the privacy of your passcodes and will not distribute them to other users or public posts. Any suspicious activity will be dealt with by a temporary suspension of your account and may lead to a permanent cancelation if abuse or fraud is verified.
Copyright Permissions and Restrictions--All works at Pornotopia.com and ErosZona.com are 100% original and copyright protected. You are permitted to freely post any content from Pornotopia.com's Free Guest Tour or ErosZona.com as long as:
you do not alter the content
a legible copyright URL remains ON the content
you give due credit thru legible tag lines, links and watermarks
you do Not HotLink. Please, host content from your own servers
No use for commercial gain is permitted of ANY Pornotopia.com or ErosZona.com imagery without written permissions and/or purchased licensing.
All Content from the Membership Area or Any of our Products may be downloaded to your personal desktops for personal use and possession only. You are prohibited from reproducing or distributing any of this content either electronically, through print media, or any other form, whether for Free Public Postings or for Commercial Use. Contact us for Permissions.
Unlawful use causes monetary, informational and creative losses. We will prosecute to the fullest extent.
Non-Recurring Membership--you understand this is a one time only purchase-- guaranteed not to automatically renew and does not require cancelation in order to avoid additional charges from our Billing Service: CCBill.com.
[ SITEMAP ] | TERMS | PRIVACY | SUPPORT
All models are at least 18 years old.
* Elements inside [ ] are Features-in-the-Works.