http://www.escort-ireland.com/legal.html#privacy-policy
Welcome
www.escort-ireland.com
Escort Ireland is Ireland's Original Escort Website.
Escort Ireland is an adult website, so, before you enter
you must agree that you are an adult,
consensually choosing to do so.
I'm over 18, let me in.
We have updated our Privacy Policy as of 24th May 2018
We use our own and third-party cookies to improve our services and analyse the traffic on our site. If you accept or continue to browse this site, we understand that you have accepted the installation of cookies. Please check our cookies policy for more information.
×
Log in
or
Register
forgot password
Close
Continue
Escort
ireland
ADVERTISE WITH US
VIRTUAL
ESCORTS
MASSAGE
DOMINATION
REVIEWS
COMMUNITY
BLOG
CONTACT US
HELP
LEGAL
PRESS/MEDIA
PROVIDE FEEDBACK
LOG IN
REGISTER
Search
Shortlist
ADVERTISE WITH US
REGISTER
LOG IN
Escort
ireland
VIRTUAL
ESCORTS
MASSAGE
DOMINATION
REVIEWS
COMMUNITY
BLOG
legal
PRIVACY POLICY
INFORMATION PRINCIPLE
Purpose:In accordance with the provisions of current legislation on the Protection of Personal Data and Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and the Council of April 27, 2016, we inform you that the personal data provided by means of live chat, forums, in person, email, registration forms, telephone calls or contact forms set out in this web page will be used for the purposes set out below.
All personal data provided by you, will be used for the purpose of managing your account, to have access to the different services of the website and where appropriate, for the billing and execution of the contracted services, and always based on your express consent, under the following
terms and conditions.
In general, we use the personal information we collect to operate our business and provide our services, which includes using data to improve, research and develop our product offerings and to personalise your experiences.
We may use the personal information we collect through the services for a range of reasons, including:
to provide and maintain the services.
to manage your account with us, including for billing purposes as well as for our customer relationship management.
to personalise the services and improve your experience.
to improve our products, technology and services, and, where you have agreed, to provide you updates on how we are improving the services based on any feedback you might have given.
to analyse your use of the services in order to ensure the technical functionality of our products, technology and services, and to research and develop new products and services.
to conduct aggregate statistical analysis with "Performance Data.” Performance Data includes aggregate, de-identified usage information and other aggregate measures of the Services’ performance. We may share aggregated, de-identified Performance Data with third parties to help us better understand our customers’ needs and improve the services.
to prevent, detect, respond and protect against potential or actual claims, liabilities, prohibited behaviour, and criminal activity.
to comply with and enforce applicable legal requirements, agreements and policies.
to perform other activities consistent with this policy
Legitimisation: The legal basis in the processing of your data is that you have chosen to access our website, to request information about our products and services, to register in the forums or to obtain the services that our website offers. The consent for the processing of personal data provided in the collection forms will be understood to be provided expressly, freely and unequivocally for the purposes described, with the marking of the boxes specified therein. In the reception of emails, the consent given in what the user has requested will be understood, for any other service their consent will be requested.
Term of conservation: The personal data stored will be conserved during the length of the commercial relationship or you request its deletion.
Once the relationship is terminated or you request the deletion of your personal data; certain data will be stored but not used, for the period of time that is necessary for regulatory compliance or in case of legal liabilities arising from contracted services or if you violate the terms and conditions that you previously agreed to in this Web page.
When you delete your account or request the deletion of your data; we will maintain a list of “deleted” usernames so that this name is reserved and unavailable to be registered again. This is to stop impersonation of deleted users. We will store this data indefinitely. We do not consider your username to be personally identifiable as we do not store it in conjunction with any other data; in isolation we do not consider it to be data that can personally identify you.
If your account is deleted or you request the deletion of your data; and you are currently banned from the site for violation of our terms and conditions; we will maintain a list of “banned” usernames and email addresses to stop you using GDPR regulations to nullify the action that we took in banning you. We will store this data indefinitely. We do not consider your username to be personally identifiable as we do not store it in conjunction with any other data; in isolation we do not consider it to be data that can personally identify you. We do consider your email address to be personal data but have clarified our reason for retaining this data.
Telephone calls: All calls are deleted after 30 days
Recipients: If you give your consent by checking the box check "Stay safe and subscribe to the Ugly Mugs scheme" the email address, gender and telephone numbers you provide in the registration form will be transferred to Ugly Mugs (company name Safe IQ Limited). We will transmit the status of your account and updated contact details on a regular basis. Your data will not be transferred to other third parties except where legally obliged.
Cookies: In accordance with GDPR as of May 25, 2018, users are informed that this website uses Google Analytics cookies whose features are included in Cookies Policy. It is a tool that helps the owners of websites to measure how users interact with the content of the site. You can access the information in the Google Analytics Privacy Policy :
https://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html?hl=en
Google LLC complies with the security guarantees in terms of data protection (adhered to the privacy agreement between the EU and the US "Privacy Shield")
The Service Provider will not use the personal data collected for other purposes that have not been mentioned and under the principle of integrity and confidentiality.
Additional Information
Invoices: The personal data provided for the billing of the services contracted with The Service Provider, will be used to manage it and based on the provisions of Law 58/2003, of December 17, General Tax for the obligation to issue invoices for the delivery of goods and provision of services. The data will be stored in our database from its emission until the legally established deadline. No data will be transferred to third parties except where legally obliged.
Information we collect automatically:
When you use our services and visit our website, we automatically collect information about your device, browser and how you interact with the site through technology like cookies.
We log data in our web service logs such as your ip address, dates and times of access, the pages that you visit and information about system errors and crashes.
The automatically collected information is anonymized and we are unable to identify you through this unless otherwise indicated.
TREATMENT OF UNDERAGE DATA
The contents of The Website is resricted to people over 18 years of age, any person under the age of 18 who accesses the website and therefore its content must leave immediately. Therefore, no personal information is collected from children under 18 years of age.
SECURITY OF DATA AND CONFIDENTIALITY
The Service Provider informs all users that it has proceeded to adopt all the technical and organizational measures required by current regulations to maintain the security of personal data provided and thus avoid its possible loss, destruction or access by unauthorised personal.
The personal data collected will be treated with the utmost confidentiality.
In accordance with the regulations in force, The Service Provider has contracts in lace for companies who provide services to the company and may have access to personal data.
The Service Provider is contracted with a cybersecurity company to perform regular penetration testing and network audits of our infrastructure. Our staff are all trained in aspects of data security.
PRINCIPLE OF MINIMIZING DATA:
The personal data provided by our users must be adequate, relevant and not excessive in relation to the scope and the specific, explicit and legitimate purposes for which they were obtained.
The user will be solely responsible for the veracity and accuracy of the data provided. The user will personally respond to The Service Provider in front of those affected or interested and before the Spanish Agency for Data Protection in the case of providing false data or third parties data without their consent.
Likewise, it is reported that the personal data provided in the registration or contact forms must be completed voluntarily with the exception of the data that appears as mandatory. If the mandatory data required is not provided, the management of the request can not be guaranteed.
The recipient of the service undertakes to notify The Service Provider of any changes that occur in your data, so that they correspond to your current situation at all times.
COMMERCIAL COMMUNICATIONS AND PUBLICITY
In accordance with the provisions of current legislation on data protection and Law 34/2002 of July 11, Services of the Information Society and Electronic Commerce, we inform you that we can send commercial communications and advertising to our customers and potential customers about services and products that may be of interest to you.
In any case, your consent for the sending of commercial communications by electronic means (mail) or other means of equivalent communication, which The Service Provider can offer can be provided by checking the corresponding boxes in the contact and registration forms.
In your case, if you do not wish to receive information about the products and services we offer in The Service Provider, you can request your cancellation by logging into your dashboard and selecting this preference.
APPLICATION FOR THE EXERCISE OF LEGALLY ESTABLISHED RIGHTS
In accordance with the current regulations of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and the Council of April 27, 2016, of direct application and mandatory compliance as of May 25, 2018, all users / interested parties may exercise their rights with the following denomination:
Access right to have knowledge of the data that is being processed by The Service Provider
Right to rectify incomplete or inaccurate data.
Right of opposition to oppose the processing of data.
Right of cancellation to cancel or delete personal data.
Right of portability, the interested party will have the right to receive the personal data that concern him, that has been provided to a data controller, in a structured format, of common use and mechanical reading, and to transmit them to another controller without preventing it the person responsible to whom it was given.
Limitation of treatment to limit treatment.
Limit automated individual decisions so as not to be subject to individualised decisions.
To exercise the aforementioned rights, you can send us your request, by means of a document that proves your identity, addressed to the contact address:
The Service Provider must answer the request for the exercise of rights within one month of your request. The term may be extended to two months taking into account the complexity and the number of applications. The Service Provider will inform the interested party of any such extension within one month of receipt of the request, stating the reasons for the delay. When the interested party submits an application electronically, the information will be provided by electronic means when possible, unless the interested party requests that it be provided by other means.
In the case of not having obtained satisfaction in the exercise of their rights, you can file a claim with the Control Authority.
You can revoke your consent at any time by sending an email to The Service Provider.
DATA ACCOMMODATION
The hosting of the servers of this website, are inside Europe.
With our data processor, there is a contract in accordance with current regulations on data protection for compliance with the guarantees of protection of personal data.
MODIFICATIONS TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
The Service Provider may modify this Privacy Policy when necessary in accordance with current applicable regulations. All the modifications will be published with the purpose of keeping the users always informed.
Last modification: 15th August 2018
TERMS OF SERVICE
“The Website” - www.escort-ireland.com
“The Service Provider” -
“You” -
the User of the Website
The Website is operated by The Service Provider.
Please read these terms carefully before using The Website. By using The Website, you are agreeing to these terms. If you do not accept these terms, do not use The Website.
Age Restriction
The Website is an adult website. If you are under the age of 18 years, or the age of majority in the location from where you are accessing this website, you must not use The Website.
Adult Content
The Website contains sexually explicit material and is intended solely for consenting adults who are interested in and not offended by adult subjects like escorts, prostitution and sex. You must not use The Website if you are offended by any of its content or if you are accessing it from a location where your use of it could be deemed a violation of any law.
Ownership & Copyright
Unless otherwise specified the contents of all the pages of this website are owned by and copyright to The Service Provider. The Service Provider respects the intellectual property rights of third parties and ask that advertisers and website users do the same. If you believe that any intellectual property rights have been infringed on The Website, please notify The Service Provider.
Limited License
You may print or download to disk the contents of an individual page of The Website site for the purposes of your private and personal non-commercial use, but no other printing, downloading, copying, reproducing, distributing, republishing, posting or transmitting of any of the content of The Website is allowed without the prior express written permission of The Service Provider.
Advertisements
The website contains advertisements, including but not limited to escort advertisements.
All escort and other advertisement content contained in this website is provided to The Service Provider by its customers and is the sole responsibility of the individual advertiser. The Service Provider does not accept any responsibility for the accuracy of any advertisements on The Website nor is any warranty expressed or implied by publication.
The Service Provider does not vouch for any escorts, escort agencies, persons or companies advertised on The Website. The Service Provider assumes no responsibility and specifically disclaim and exclude all liability to any person for any loss or damage of any nature or however arising from any advertisement published on The Website.
In the event that you obtain goods or services from a third party advertised on The Website, then your acquisition of such goods or services will be in accordance with their terms and conditions and The Service Provider will have no liability to you in respect of the same. All advertisements submitted to The Service Provider are subject to the Advertising Terms & Conditions.
Community (Message Boards, Chat, Blogs, Galleries) & Reviews
The Website contains material submitted by third parties. All third party material contained in this website is the sole responsibility of the third party. The Service Provider does not accept any responsibility for the accuracy of any third party material on The Website nor is any warranty expressed or implied by publication.
The Service Provider assumes no responsibility and specifically disclaim and exclude all liability to any person for any loss or damage of any nature or however arising from any third party material published on The Website.
By submitting any material to The Service Provider, you automatically grant The Service Provider the royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, exclusive right and license to use, reproduce, modify, edit, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute and display such material (in whole or part) worldwide and/or to incorporate it in other works in any form, media, or technology now known or later developed for the full term of any rights that may exist in such content. You acknowledge that The Service Provider is not obliged to publish any material submitted by you.
You agree to indemnify and hold The Service Provider harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable legal fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of material you submit to The Website. You are additionally subject to the Community & Reviews Rules when you submit content to The Website.
Links
The Website contains links to other websites which are not under The Service Providers control. The Service Provider is not responsible for the content of and do not endorse the material on these other websites. The Service Provider provides these links for your convenience only.
Disclaimer
Use of this The Website is at your own risk. The Service Provider make no warranties or representations as to accuracy or reliability of any of the material published on The Website. The material on The Website does not constitute advice and you should not rely on any material in The Website to make any decision or take any action. The Service Provider does not make any representation as to the reliability of access to The Website. In no event does The Service Provider accept liability of any description for any damages or losses whatsoever resulting from use of The Website.
Jurisdiction & Governing Law
The Website is operated from Spain. The Courts of Spain shall have exclusive jurisdiction over all claims or disputes arising in relation to, out of or in connection with The Website and its use and these terms.
Validity
If any of these terms are determined to be unlawful, invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, the validity and enforceability of the remaining terms shall not be effected.
Contact
The postal address is; .
These terms may be updated from time to time without notice to you. You should review this page periodically for changes.
Last updated: 24th May 2018
ADVERTISING TERMS
“The Website” - www.escort-ireland.com
“The Service Provider” -
“The Customer” - You, The business placing the advertisement
“Advertisement” - The information, video, images and text published by us on your behalf including banner advertisements and escort profiles.
“Account” -
A registered user on our system that is offering services
“Active” - being made viewable by the public
(“The Website”) is operated by
(“The Service Provider”).
The following terms and conditions apply to all advertising services offered by The Service Provider.
In placing an order for advertising services from The Service Provider, you are agreeing to the following terms and conditions.
Services
The Website is an advertising directory. Every payment made to The Service Provider is for advertising services, and is for a set number of days, for a particular advertising package.
Our full rate card is listed below and outlines all of our available packages along with the time frames that your advertisement will be active for, and the associated cost.
For clarity, a day or any part thereof shall be considered complete at 23:59. For example: if you begin your advertisement at 22:00, a full day will be considered complete at 23:59 which is 1 hours and 59 minutes after beginning. We recommend that you begin your adverts as close to the start of a new day as possible.
We are not an escort agency or escort service and do not accept any payments on behalf of the escorts or act as any other type of intermediary. The Customer and The Service Provider are totally independent of each other.
The Service Provider strictly offers business to business advertising services. We do not accept advertisements from consumers, or persons/entities, who are providing their services on a non-commercial basis.
Payment Process
All payments made to The Service Provider, for advertisements, must be made in advance of the advertisement being made active on The Website.
We accept payment via credit cards and certain pre-paid voucher systems which must be made using our secure online payment page. We are unable to accept payment over the telephone or by any other medium.
We accept payments 24/7 on our website but all payments are subject to Fraud Screening and are manually reviewed.
New customers may only make payment via pre-defined methods and all payments for advertisements must be made by The Customer themselves, using their own payment facility.
No third party payments will be accepted and The Service Provider reserves the right to reject any payment at any time.
Chargebacks / Unsatisfactory Payments
In an instance where The Service Provider has received notification from its merchant account provider that a payment made by The Customer has been subject to a chargeback claim;
And the advertising service being provided by The Service Provider has begun but not completed;
The Advertisement will be cancelled without notice and The Customer will become liable for the full amount of the chargeback claim plus a chargeback fee of €50. No further Advertising Services will be provided to The Customer until this amount has been paid in full. All future payments will be restricted to pre-paid services until further notice.
And the advertising service being provided by The Service Provider has not begun;
The Advertisement will not be made active and The Customer will become liable for a chargeback fee of €50. No further Advertising Services will be provided to The Customer until this amount has been paid in full. All future payments will be restricted to pre-paid services until further notice.
And the advertising service being provided by The Service Provider has begun and completed;
The Advertisement will be cancelled without notice and The Customer will become liable for the full amount of the chargeback claim plus a chargeback fee of €50. No further Advertising Services will be provided to The Customer until this amount has been paid in full. All future payments will be restricted to pre-paid services until further notice.
In an instance where The Service Provider is not satisfied by the legitimacy of a payment or the The Customer is unwilling or unable to provide documentary evidence in support of their payment;
The payment will be refunded and any services that have commenced will be cancelled without notice. All future payments will be restricted to pre-paid services until further notice along with any other action deemed necessary by The Service Provider.
Contractual Inception and Conclusion
The contract between The Service Provider and The Customer will become legally binding when a payment has been submitted by The Customer, and these terms have been accepted (by ticking the appropriate checkbox to indicate you agree to the terms).
Each of the advertising packages offered by The Service Provider, on The Website, is for a set price and for a set number of consecutive days. A day includes a full 24 hour period or any partial day.
Once this consecutive period has concluded your advertisement will automatically be removed and the contract between The Service Provider and The Customer will have completed.
Cancellation
In the event of a payment being made for an advertisement which is cancelled by the Customer, or rejected by the Service Provider, prior to being made visible to the public on The Website, we will refund this payment to the original payment source within 14 days.
If the original payment source is unable to accept refunds (such as voucher systems) we shall refund your payment by cheque. Cheques will only be issued in the same name supplied at time of payment and will only be sent to the billing address supplied at time of payment.
Refund Policy
The Service Provider will make every effort to ensure that The Website operates with an uptime of at least 95% but we cannot be held responsible if this is changed due to circumstances beyond our control. We will make all reasonable efforts to ensure our hosting is very reliable.
In the event that The Website is offline for more than 50% of the month then a full refund will be offered within 28 days for any remaining days of your advertising package.
For example: if you purchase one month’s advertising at a price of €250 and our uptime is only 49% and you wish to seek a refund with 15 days remaining then a refund of 50% of your purchase price would be offered which would total €125.
No refunds are available for any other reason, once an advertisement has been made active** it will commence for the set number of consecutive days, it cannot be paused or kept on hold in any way. Your advertisement may be stopped early but no refund would be offered.
Advertisements
General
The Customer agrees that they are solely responsible for the management of their own Account and that they may only create one account on The Website.
Accounts cannot be gifted, sold or be made available to any 3rd party under any circumstances.
The Customer may hold multiple advertisements in a single account only where the advertisement relates to an alternative service provided by The Customer themselves, i.e. Massage Advertisement, Dominatrix Advertisement, Escort Advertisement etc.
In the event that this policy is not adhered to, The Service Provider reserves the right to take any action it deems necessary against The Customer, which may include the restricting or cancelling of services, with no refund, and/or the refusal to accept future advertisements.
The Customer must agree they offer an escort service for companionship only and do not offer paid services of a sexual nature.
Duo/Couple/Multi-Person Advertisements
The Customers agrees to the following special terms and conditions regarding advertisements which contain the details of more than one person.
All parties are exercising their free & independent choice to be a part of this advertisement.
All parties will have the power to end the advertisement at any time.
In the event of an advertisement being ended early on the instruction of any person included in the advertisement, no refunds will be offered.
All parties will have the right to edit the details of the advertisement as a whole but not the details of another party.
Any party who has agreed to be part of this advertisement shall be jointly and severely liable for its contents.
Agency Advertisements
The Customer agrees to ensure that each person listed within the Agency Advertisement is working lawfully and exercising their own free and independent choice to do so. The Service Provider does not accept any responsibility for the contractual arrangements between The Customer and their employees.
At all times, The Server Provider reserves the right to remove any individual profile from an Agency Advertisement should we receive a verified request from a person being listed within the Advertisement that they no longer wish to be listed as part of same Advertisement.
External Marketing Policy
The Customer agrees to give the Service Provider explicit permission to use any photos and advertisement information provided by You:
On Social Media Channels (such as, but no limited to, Twitter) used by the Service Provider for the promotion of the Website.
In email communications aiming at promoting advertisements on The Website.
The Service provider reserves the right to post the Customer's advertisement or portions of the advertisement on social media and/or in commercial email communications, without prior notice.
The Service Provider confirms that email communications are sent only to users who gave consent to the Service Provider to receive such communications.
Only information already contained within the customers advetisement will be displayed.
All photos will contain The Website's watermark to avoid misuse of the content.
The Service provider reserves the right to use and modify for commercial purposes any of the Customer's photos without previous notice. The Service provider commits to keeping the integrity of the photos used in that matter.
Premium Adverts
The Customer agrees that the purchase of a premium advert reserves this slot for their use and in making this purchase The Service Provider agrees to remove this slot for sale to others. Once a purchase has been completed the sale will be deemed to have completed and the premium advert will be queued on the Website. No refunds or changes are available for premium adverts in any circumstances. If an advert is suspended, stopped or otherwise unavailable and a premium advert has not yet completed, the premium advert will remain active in the database but not available for public viewing.
Premium adverts are only available for purchase by Credit Cards. Premium adverts may not be re-sold, held or transferred.
The Customer agrees to a 3 minute margin of error on the premium advert starting and finishing due to technical items beyond the control of The Service Provider such as file caching and DDOS protection services.
Media - Images / Video / Other Resources
The Customer agrees that they are the sole owner of any photos or videos they submit to The Website and the photos or videos are neither "fakes" nor "stock" photography / videography. **
There must be no third party markings, watermarks, logos or text on any of the media that is supplied by The Customer.
Should images be found to be in breach of the above statement, or be found to be (in the opinion of The Service Provider*) obscene, inappropriate or dishonest, we will remove them without warning and may issue penalties (such as photo upload bans) to you. No refunds will be given to advertisements affected by such actions.
All material supplied by The Customer and used in the construction of The Customers advertisements will remain The Customers property. All such material will be assumed to be the property of The Customer with freedom that it may be used without fear of breach of copyright laws. The Service Provider is not responsible for the content made available through the website, it remains the sole responsibility from whom (The Customer) the content originated.
Above and beyond the guidelines set out in the Obscene Publications Act (UK), all images must comply with The Service Providers copy guidelines. (latest changes here regarding obscene images)
The Service Provider maintains the right, at all times, to remove any images, content or information placed by The Customer at any time, without notice, if The Service Provider believes the reputation of The Website may be damaged by it’s presence.
Additional Criteria & Requirements
The Service Provider will not advertise escorts under the age of 18.
The Customer Will be asked to provide identification and other information to confirm their identity and age.
It is The Service Providers policy to age check all advertisers aged 21 and under.
The Service Provider will not advertise escorts who are deemed unfit by The Service Provider or otherwise vulnerable.
The Customer is required to provide an accurate invoice address in relation to all payments.
The Service Provider reserves the right to request, in a medium decided upon by The Service Provider, a form of verification of The Customers identity, billing/payment information or Images at any time..
The Service Provider can accept no liability for any loss or damage caused by error or inaccuracy in the publication or omission of any advertisement.
The Customer is solely responsible for any liability arising out of publication of any advertisement.
By agreeing to these terms and conditions your statutory rights are not affected.
The Service Provider reserves the right to change or modify these Advertising Terms and Conditions.
* Swear words, e.g. fuck, cum, cunt, are not allowed in escort descriptions. Sex acts between persons, masturbation or naked genitalia are not allowed in escort photographs or videos, neither are persons who do not form part of the advertisement.
** For Touring Profiles, The public will be able to view advertisements in our “coming soon” sections up to 3 days prior to any tour/advert being viewable by the public on the website. On that basis, once an advert is live in our “coming soon” sections we will consider the advert viewable by the public and will follow the refunds policy as described in these conditions.
If you are established in a country that operates VAT in the European Union, then the services that we supply to you will not attract VAT. However, this is a transaction which may be subject to reverse charge VAT in the country that you belong. For further information you should contact the tax authorities in the country in which you belong.
Last updated: 25th May 2018
COOKIES POLICY
COOKIES POLICY
In compliance with Law 34/2002, of July 11, on Information Services and Electronic Commerce, this website informs you about the policy of collecting and processing cookies.
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a file that is downloaded to a computer while browsing a certain website. Cookies allow a web page, among other things, to store and retrieve information about the browsing habits of a user or their equipment and, depending on the information they contain and the way they use their equipment, they can be used to recognize to user.
What types of cookies are there?
There are different types of cookies depending on the different criteria:
Depending on your ownership:
Own cookies: Those that belong to the entity that manages the domain that provides the requested service.
Third-party cookies: Those that are owned by a third party, different from the entity that manages the domain that provides the service requested by the user, and who will be the one who processes the information collected or those that are treated by a third party.
Depending on the time they remain active in the terminal equipment:
Session Cookies: These are cookies that are generated to collect and store browsing data while the user accesses a web page. They remain active until the page is abandoned and the browser is closed, so that by restarting the browser and revisiting the web page, the web page does not recognize the user.
Permanent cookies: These are cookies that are stored in the terminal equipment and can be accessed during the period of time defined by the entity that manages the cookie. These files will remain in the computer until they are deleted manually or the browser deletes them according to the established period of the cookie, which can be from a few minutes to several years.
Depending on its purpose:
Technical cookies: These are strictly necessary for the proper functioning of a web page. They are generated when the user accesses or initiates session in the site and they are used to identify it during their navigation in the site and to check if they are authorized to access services or restricted areas of the website.
Personalization cookies: These are cookies that allow the user to customize some functions or contents of the website according to the characteristics defined in his terminal or by himself when accessing the site.
Analysis cookies: Cookies that allow the person responsible for them to monitor and analyze the user's behavior when they connect to a website. They allow to quantify the number of users and perform statistical analyzes on the use of the site in order to improve the services offered.
Advertising cookies: These are those that allow managing, in the most efficient way possible, the offer of advertising spaces that are presented on a website based on criteria such as content or the frequency with which the ads appear.
Behavioral advertising cookies: These are those that allow managing, in the most efficient way possible, the offer of advertising spaces that are presented on a website. These cookies store information on the behavior of users extracted by the continuous observation of their browsing habits. In this way, a navigation profile is developed and advertising is shown depending on it.
What kind of cookies does this website use?
Own cookies
DomainCookiePurposeDate of Expiry
escort-ireland.com_bouncerWelcome message30 Days
escort-ireland.comea_csrf_cookieCSRF attack prevention9 Hours
escort-ireland.comea_sessionSession IDBrowser session
escort-ireland.comei_lastactivityMessage Boards, time lst activityTill log-out, 1 Year
escort-ireland.comei_lastvisitMessage Boards, time last visitTill log-out, 1 Year
escort-ireland.comei_passwordMessage Boards, encripted password when remember loginTill log-out, 1 Year
escort-ireland.comei_sessionhashMessage Boards session ID.Till log-out, 1 Year
escort-ireland.comei_useridMessage Boards user ID.Till log-out, 1 Year
escort-ireland.com__utmaGoogle Analytics2 Years
escort-ireland.com__utmbGoogle Analytics2 Years
escort-ireland.com__utmcGoogle Analytics2 Years
escort-ireland.com__utmtGoogle Analytics2 Years
escort-ireland.com__utmvGoogle Analytics2 Years
escort-ireland.com__utmzGoogle Analytics2 Years
escort-ireland.comwfvt_930192249Secure connections only30 Minutes
escort-ireland.comwordfence_verifiedHumanSecure connections only1 Day
escort-ireland.com_gaGoogle Analytics2 Years
escort-ireland.com_gat_UA-225948-1Google Analytics1 Minute
escort-ireland.com_gidGoogle Analytics1 Day
escort-ireland.comhide_location_mapToggle maps
escort-ireland.comdisable_mobile_versiontoggle views1 Year
escort-ireland.comxmasbouncerSeason30 Days
escort-ireland.comxmasbouncer_firstSeason30 Days
escort-ireland.comxmasbouncer_secondSeason30 Days
escort-ireland.comvpBlog
escort-ireland.comei_latest_blog_post_readedBlog120 Days
escort-ireland.com_okbkOlark ChatBrowser session
escort-ireland.com_okOlark ChatBrowser session
escort-ireland.com_okacOlark ChatBrowser session
escort-ireland.com_okbkOlark ChatBrowser session
escort-ireland.com_okckOlark ChatBrowser session
escort-ireland.com_okdetectOlark ChatBrowser session
escort-ireland.com_oklaOlark ChatBrowser session
escort-ireland.com_oklvOlark ChatBrowser session
escort-ireland.comhblidOlark Chat2 Years
escort-ireland.comolfskOlark Chat2 Years
escort-ireland.comwcsidOlark ChatBrowser session
escort-ireland.com_hjIncludedInSampleAnalitycsBrowser session
Third party cookies
DomainCookiePurposeDate of Expiry
Olark.comvariousChat
Addthis.comvariousBlog
Api.at.getsocial.iovariousBlog
Cdn.syndication.twimg.comvariousBlog
Platform.twitter.comvariousBlog
Users may reject the processing of such data or information by rejecting the use of Cookies by selecting the appropriate settings for this purpose in their browser.
You can allow, block or delete the cookies installed on your computer by configuring the browser options installed on your computer.
In the following links you will get information about the most common browsers:
For more information on the Chrome browser click here
For more information on the Explorer browser click here
For more information on the Firefox browser click here
For more information on the Safari browser click here
Last modification:
24th May 2018
LEGAL NOTICE
LEGAL NOTICE
IDENTIFICATION INFORMATION
In compliance with the duty of information contained in article 10 of Law 34/2002, of July 11, on Services of the Information Society and Electronic Commerce, the information of the operator of this website is reflected below:
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE
These Terms and Conditions are binding for the parties. The Service Provider reserves the right to modify the Terms and Conditions at any time.
The access and / or use of The Website which is the property of The Service Provider, in the terms specified, attributes the condition of “the User”. By accessing this website you accept the access to the services under the present “Terms of Service” that regulate the access and the use of The Website.
The user undertakes not to use the information published on this website for illicit or harmful purposes contrary to those defined in this Legal Notice.
In your case, the access, as well as the use of the information contained in this Website, is the sole responsibility of the person who carries it out. The Service Provider is not responsible for any consequence, damage or harm that may arise from such use of the information.
The Service Provider cannot guarantee the inexistence of interruptions or errors in access to this website, despite having taken all necessary technological measures to avoid it.
INTELLECTUAL AND INDUSTRIAL PROPERTY
All intellectual property rights of all elements contained in this website, including trademarks, formats, graphic designs and images that make up the template of this website, belong to the developers of the same.
Likewise, the images, documents, texts, as well as other files that The Service Provider can include configuring this page belong to The Service Provider.
In both cases, they are protected by Spanish and international laws on Intellectual and Industrial Property. It is expressly forbidden the total or partial reproduction of this website and any of its contents without the express written permission of the owners mentioned above. Access to the website does not imply any waiver, transmission, license or assignment of said rights by the same, unless expressly stated otherwise. The User undertakes to respect the rights of Intellectual Property and Industrial ownership of The Service Provider.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
In the event that links or hyperlinks to other Internet sites are provided on this website, The Service Provider will not exercise any control over said sites and its contents. In no case will The Service Provider assume any responsibility for the contents of any link belonging to a third-party website, nor guarantee the technical availability, quality, reliability, accuracy, breadth, truthfulness and validity of any material or information contained in any of such hyperlinks or other Internet sites. If you access these websites you should be aware that they are not covered by this Legal Notice and by our Privacy Policy.
MODIFICATION OF THE PRESENT CONDITIONS AND DURATION
The Service Provider reserves the right to make any modifications that it deems appropriate or reflect changes to the law in The Website without prior notice, being able to change, suppress or add both the contents and services provided through it and the way in which they appear presented or located in The Website, in accordance with current legislation and guidelines of the legislation in this area.
These Terms of Use shall remain in force until they are modified by others and duly published.
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION
The legislation applicable to the content of the website will be the Spanish and the jurisdiction, corresponding to the competent Courts and Tribunals in Spain.
Last modified:
24th May 2018
eng
ENG
Escort Fans - the escort social network
Escort
ireland
Copyright © 1998 - 2020 All Rights Reserved.
eng
ENG
Escort
ireland
Copyright © 1998 - 2020
All Rights Reserved.
Escort Fans - the escort social network
Terms & Conditions
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
Legal Notice
Contact Us
Provide Feedback
Help
Press/Media
Escorts in |
Ireland
Scotland
XEscorts
Language |
English
English
Escort Fans - the escort social network
Follow Us
Copyright © 1998 - 2020 |
| All Rights Reserved