https://www.665leather.com/privacy-policy.html
Search Facets
…
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Updated: November 1, 2020
665 has created this privacy policy in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: 665.
HOW DOES 665 USE MY INFORMATION?
We may use your personal information in the following ways:
To process and fulfill your order, including to send you emails to confirm your order status and shipment
To communicate with you and to send you information by email, postal mail, telephone, text message, or other means about our products, services, contests, and promotions, unless you have directed us not to contact you with promotional communications
To administer and fulfill our contests and other promotions
To help us better understand your shopping needs and preferences and provide consistent, personalized services and experiences across our brands.
To help us address problems with and improve our site and mobile app design, products and services
To enhance your shopping experience
To analyze trends and statistics
To assess your needs to determine suitable products or services
To send you requested product or service information
To send product updates or warranty information
To respond to customer service requests
To protect the security or integrity of our websites, mobile apps, and our business
To send notices of updates to our policies, terms and conditions, and other administrative communications.
You always have the choice not to receive marketing information.
DISCLOSURE TO THIRD PARTIES
We may share your information with third parties in the ways that are described in this privacy policy. See the Tracking Technologies section below for details.
We may provide your personal information to companies that provide services to help us with our business activities, such as shipping your order or offering customer service. These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
We may disclose your personal information
As required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
When we believe, in good faith, that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, enforce our terms and conditions, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
If 665 is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets; and
To any other third party, with your prior consent to do so
PAYPAL
If you choose to use PayPal to finalize and pay for your order, you will provide your credit card number, directly to PayPal. PayPal's privacy policy will apply to the information you provide on the PayPal website.
INFORMATION WE SHARE
We DO NOT sell or otherwise disclose personal information about our customers, except as described here. We DO NOT share the personal information and order inforamation you provide to us with our affiliates worldwide, licensees and joint venture partners. We also DO NOT share the information with our service providers who perform services on our behalf based on our instructions. These service providers are not authorized by us to use or disclose the information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or comply with legal requirements.
We also may disclose information about you (i) if we are required to do so by law or legal process (such as a court order), (ii) in response to a request by law enforcement authorities, or (iii) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity. We also reserve the right to transfer personal information we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets. Should such a sale or transfer occur, we will use reasonable efforts to direct the transferee to use personal information you have provided to us in a manner that is consistent with our Privacy Notice. Following such a sale or transfer, you may contact the entity to which we transferred your personal information with any inquiries concerning the processing of that information.
HOW WE PROTECT PERSONAL INFORMATION
Protecting your order information is a priority at 665. Our site uses Full 2048-bit encryption technology and meets all PCI Security measures to protect your identity and information.
We maintain appropriate administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect the personal information you provide on this website or in our Stores against accidental, unlawful or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure or use and other unlawful forms of processing. We use Secure Sockets Layer ("SSL") technology to protect the transmission over the Internet of your payment card data. You can check the security of your connection by looking at the URL line of your browser. When accessing a secure site, the first characters of the site address change from "http" to "https." If you are using a web browser or firewall that does not permit communications through secure sites, you will not be able to make purchases on our site.
Digital certificates secure communications between your browser and our secure servers. Through electronic credentials, digital certificates help identify and encrypt electronic messages over networks like the Internet, company intranets or extranets.
Digital certificates allow you to verify your identity, privileges or relationship to another party in an online transaction. When used in combination with encryption, they also allow you to encrypt information that you send to another person to provide additional assurance that only the intended party can access the data and that the data will not be compromised en route. Digital certificates facilitate these security measures, which in turn allow applications like e-mail, on-line trading, and credit card purchasing, to be executed in a more secure environment. SSL encrypts your order information to avoid the decoding of that information by anyone other than 665. To check the security of your connection, look at the lower right-hand corner of your browser window after accessing the server. If you see a closed lock or a unbroken key (depending upon your browser), then SSL is active. (You can also double-check by looking at the URL line of your browser. When accessing a secure server, the first characters of the site address will change from "http" to "https.")
Some versions of browsers and some firewalls don't permit communication through secure servers. In that case, you'll be unable to connect to the server so you won't have to worry about mistakenly placing an order through an unsecured connection. If you can't access the secure server for whatever reason, you may place your order by calling customer service at (818) 678-9193
ACCESS AND CORRECTION
Subject to applicable law, we provide you with access to personal information we have retained about you and the ability to review, correct, update, block or delete the information where it is inaccurate. Subject to applicable law, we may limit or deny access to personal information where providing such access is unreasonably burdensome or expensive under the circumstances. Please submit your request to the address specified in the "How to Contact Us" section below. Please include your name, email address and postal address in your request.
ACCESS TO PERSONAL INFORMATION
665 provides Customers and Workers with reasonable access to the Personal Information maintained about them. We also provide a reasonable opportunity, as required by applicable law, to correct, amend or delete that information where it is inaccurate. We may limit or deny access to Personal Information where providing such access is unreasonably burdensome or expensive under the circumstances or as otherwise permitted by the Safe Harbor principles. To obtain access to Personal Information, Customers may contact 665 as specified in the "How to Contact Us" section of this Policy.
NEWSLETTERS AND PROMOTIONS
Our site's mailing list form requires users to give us contact information (like their name and email address). We use customer contact information from the mailing list form to send the user information about our company.
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect visitor's contact information (like their email address) and financial information (like their credit card numbers). Contact information from the order form is used to send orders and information about our company to our customers. The customer's contact information is also used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary. Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services.
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
YOUR CHOICES
We offer you certain choices about how we communicate with you and what information we collect from you. You may withdraw any consent you previously provided to us or object at any time on legitimate grounds and free of charge to the processing of your personal information, and we will apply your preferences going forward.
You can choose not to receive marketing communications from us by clicking on the unsubscribe link in our marketing emails, clicking here, or contacting us as specified in the "How to Contact Us" section below. Please include your name, email address and postal address if you send us your request by email or postal mail. Our website is not designed to respond to "do not track" signals received from browsers.
If you are a California resident, you may ask us to refrain from sharing your information with certain of our affiliates and other third parties for their marketing purposes.
INFORMATION COLLECTED BY AUTOMATED MEANS
We obtain certain information by automated means when you visit our website, such as through cookies, web beacons, and web server logs. The information we collect in this manner includes the IP address of the device you use to connect to the Internet, unique device identifier, browser characteristics, device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, information on actions taken on our site, dates and times of website visits and the pages accessed. By collecting this information, we learn how to best tailor our website to our visitors and understand what products and services you might prefer. Both we and others (such as our service providers) may collect personal information about our visitors’ online activities over time and across third-party websites.
Like many companies, we use "cookies" on this website. Cookies are bits of text that are placed on your computer's hard drive when you visit certain websites. Cookies may enhance your online experience by saving your preferences while you are visiting a particular site. We use cookies, for example, to preserve the contents of your virtual shopping bag between visits. We also use cookies to measure activity on the site and determine which areas and features of the site are the most popular.
Most browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new cookies, how to be notified when you receive a new cookie and how to disable existing cookies. Without cookies, however, you may not be able to take full advantage of all our site features. For example, if you turn off cookies or refuse them, you will not be able to make purchases on the site.
Certain pages on this website contain "web beacons" (also known as Internet tags, pixel tags and clear GIFs). Web beacons are used for internal purposes, such as to obtain the IP address of the computer that downloaded the page on which the beacon appears, the URL of the page on which the beacon appears, the time the page containing the beacon was viewed, and the type of browser used to view the page. We also retain service providers who use web beacons to assess the effectiveness of our email communications and learn what pages our visitors viewed.
We use information collected through these automated means for purposes such as (i) customizing our users' visits to our website, (ii) delivering content tailored to our users' interests and the manner in which our users browse our sites, and (iii) managing our sites and other aspects of our business. To the extent required by applicable law, we will obtain your consent before collecting information using cookies or similar automated means.
We also may use third party web analytics services, such as those of Google Analytics, to measure the effectiveness of our advertising and determine how visitors use this website. These service providers’ tools, including cookies and web beacons, allow us to collect information such as the state and zip code from which our visitors come and the IP addresses of our visitors' computers.
SECURITY
665 maintains reasonable administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect Personal Information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
PCI COMPLIANCE
The Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) is a set of requirements designed to ensure that ALL companies that process, store or transmit credit card information maintain a secure environment. Essentially any merchant that has a Merchant ID (MID). The Payment Card Industry Security Standards Council (PCI SSC) was launched on September 7, 2006 to manage the ongoing evolution of the Payment Card Industry (PCI) security standards with focus on improving payment account security throughout the transaction process. The PCI DSS is administered and managed by the PCI SSC (www.pcisecuritystandards.org), an independent body that was created by the major payment card brands (Visa, MasterCard, American Express, Discover and JCB.).
DATA INTEGRITY
665 takes reasonable steps to ensure that Personal Information the company collects is relevant for the purposes for which it is to be used and that the information is reliable for its intended use and is accurate, complete and current. We depend on our Customers and Workers to update and correct their Personal Information, or ask us to do so, whenever necessary or appropriate.
INTERNATIONAL USERS
665 operates primarily in the United States and as a result, the information we collect may be stored in the United States. By using the Services, you acknowledge and agree that your information may be transferred to, used, processed, or held by 665 in the United States and in other countries, including countries outside of your country of residence and used for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. Please see below for further details about the transfer of your data to the United States.DATA TRANSFERS
If you are located outside the United States and provide personal data to us, 665 may transfer your personal data to the United States and process it in the United States in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Accountability and Liability for Onward Transfer
665 is required to take certain steps when transferring personal information received from the European Union and Switzerland.
Privacy Complaints Handling, Recourse and Enforcement
665 commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information (without charge to you). European Union and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding this Privacy Policy should first contact us at:
Contact using this form privacy contact
We will respond to any complaints as soon as possible and within 45 days.
We encourage EU and Swiss individuals who have questions or complaints about how we process their Personal Data to contact us. We will work to resolve your issue as quickly as possible, but in any event within 45 days of receipt.
WHAT IS "PHISHING"?
"Phishing" is a scam designed to steal your personal information. If you receive an email that looks like it is from us asking you for your personal information, do not respond. We will never request your password, user name, credit card information or other personal information through email.
YOUR CLIFORNIA RIGHTS POLICY
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits customers of 665 who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. 665 does not disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please write to us at the following address:
665 - California Privacy Rights
665 , Inc.
9854 De Soto Avenue
Chatsworth, CA 91311
TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
We, or a third party contracted by us, may use technologies such as cookies, Web beacons, or scripts to gather information about how you and others interact with our Websites, and which products and services may be of interest to you. For example, we will know how many users access specific areas or features within 665 and which links or ads they clicked on. We use this aggregated information to understand and optimize how 665 Websites are used, improve our marketing efforts, and provide content and features that are of interest to you, through 665 Websites and other websites and online services, and on recognized devices you use. Please note that we do not respond to Do Not Track signals.
CALIFORNIA DO NOT TRACK DISCLOSURE
Do Not Track is a privacy preference that users can set in their web browsers. When a user turns on the Do Not Track signal, the browser sends a message to websites requesting them not to track the user. At this time, we do not respond to Do Not Track browser settings or signals. For information about Do Not Track, please visit: www.allaboutdnt.org. As described above, we deploy cookies, tracking pixels, web beacons and other technologies on our websites and mobile applications.
CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
This website is not directed to children under the age of thirteen and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of thirteen on the site. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personal information from a visitor under the age of thirteen on this site, we will delete the information from our records.
CHOICE / OPT-OUT
This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service.
You can send email to sales
You can visit the following URL and manage your account: www.665leather.com
You can call the following telephone number: (818) 678-9193
CHANGE / MODIFY
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided.
Email sales
Send mail to the following postal address:
665, Inc.
20810 Lassen Street
Chatsworth, CA 91311
Call the following telephone number: (818) 678-9193
UPDATES TO OUR PRIVACY NOTICE
This Privacy Notice may be updated periodically and without prior notice to you to reflect changes in our personal information practices or relevant laws. We will post a prominent notice on the site to notify you of any significant changes to our Privacy Notice and indicate at the top of the notice when it was updated.
CONTACTING US
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact:
665, Inc.
20810 Lassen Street
Chatsworth, CA 91311
(818) 678-9193
Our Contact Form
Support
Support
Contact Us
About Us
Payment Methods
Shipping
Returns
665 Rewards
Privacy Policy
California Proposition 65
© 2020 665, Inc. All Rights Reserved.