http://www.chippendales.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy ("Policy") applies to all Websites owned and/or operated by Chippendales USA, LLC ("Chippendales"). This notice describes our privacy policy ("Policy") with respect to data collected via www.chippendales.com ("Web Site"). This policy does not apply to information we collect about our clients through other resources such as audience questionnaires or mail surveys, nor does it apply to websites operated by third parties. By continuing to use and access this Website, you agree to the Terms of Use and the version of the Policy set forth below and in force as of your date of use.
This Policy explains what information we collect about you and what we do with it. Chippendales reserves the right to revise this policy at any time. If our practices for collecting and using personal data change, we will give you the choice not to have the data used for any purpose other than that for which you originally supplied it. You should periodically read this Policy to learn of any revisions. Your use of the Website at any time is deemed to constitute your agreement to all of the terms and conditions of the privacy policy then in effect. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use or visit any of our Sites.
What information do we collect?
When you visit the Website we collect certain information about you and your visit.
We collect credit card information from you where applicable, in order to facilitate your purchase of items from the Chippendales Boutique.
We collect individually-identifiable personal information ("PII" or "Personal Data") that you provide to us such as your name, e-mail address, street address and telephone number. You supply us this PII when you purchase something from us online, participate in one of our online forums, send us email, answer an online survey or questionnaire, or forward, upload, or download content (such as photographs) from our Website. We generally collect PII on our registration and order forms when you sign up to receive products or services from the Website and/or to participate in our online forums. We may also collect information from our online surveys such as age, gender and income level.
If you provide us with the PII of a third party (for example, when sending an E-Card to a third party via that person's email address) we store this information for a 30day period in the event that we must use this information to investigate unlawful conduct and/or breaches of this Policy. We do not store this information past 30 days, nor do we use this information for any other purposes.
In addition to Personal Data we also collect non-personally identifiable information about visitors to our Website that allow us to track the number of visitors we receive and the way they navigate through our site. This non-personally identifiable data includes information about the web site the visitor arrived from and departs to as well as the IP address of the computer being used to access our web site and the first and second level domain names of the visitor's email address (where applicable). While it may be possible to correlate this information to particular individuals, we do not do so, and we limit our use of this information to its aggregate form reflecting all visitors to our site. We may share this aggregated information with other third parties.
What do we do with the information we collect?
We use credit card and/or other financial information that you provide us to fulfill your order or request. We do not otherwise store or maintain this information. Chippendales takes reasonable precautions in order to ensure the safety and security of our customer's online transactions. Credit-card numbers that you enter on our billing webpage are encrypted and transmitted through SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) technology. SSL is the industry standard for securing Web-messaging transactions. We send this information to Verisign, which handles purchases from our online store. See Verisign www.versign.com. Credit-card transactions are processed by Ex Press Merchant Processing Solutions, (866) 867-3240. See Ex Press Merchant Processing Solutions http://www.empsebiz.com.
We use personal information and other demographic or profile information you provide to us to provide you with information about Chippendales, some of our partners and third party companies in which we think you may be interested; and to contact you when necessary.
We use IP addresses and anonymous demographic information in the aggregate to share with advertisers and market researchers, and to improve the design of our Website so as to better serve our customers. We do not drill down into anonymous demographic information in order to analyze and/or collect personal information from these sources. However, we reserve the right to do so in order to investigate unlawful conduct and/or breaches of this Policy.
Do we share the information we collect with third parties?
We are not in the business of selling data about our customers. There are limited circumstances, however, in which we share Personal Data with third parties. If you purchase an item from us online, your order will be processed by third parties, who naturally will have access to the data that you supplied. From time to time we may also engage the services of third parties to help us analyze use of the website. These third parties are contractually bound to use the Personal Data only according to this privacy policy. They are not authorized to send you any information about goods and services from other companies without your express permission.
Chippendales may transfer Personal Data to an affiliate or third party as part of a transfer of business assets. Such a transfer would be within the scope of this Policy so long as the affiliate or third party agrees to continue to maintain use and storage of Personal Data in accordance with this Policy.
Chippendales may also release Personal Data in special cases in order to comply with any requests from law enforcement and government agencies, to enforce the Terms of Use and other agreements, and to protect customers and others. We may do so when we believe in good faith that disclosing this information is otherwise necessary or advisable, including, for instance, to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interfering with the rights or property of Chippendales, another user or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities.
Is the information submitted in Public Forums confidential?
No. The Website may offer chat rooms, forums, message boards, and other opportunities to post or upload content onto the Website to our users. Please remember that any information disclosed in these areas becomes public information.
Accordingly, you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information and you do so at your own risk.
From time to time we may hold contests or otherwise accept for display on our web site photographs submitted by visitors to our site. All submitted photographs are accepted by Chippendales with the Website user's express representation that such submissions do not violate any third party's rights. In addition, all submitted photographs are submitted with the Website user's understanding that the photographs may be used by Chippendales without limitation or remuneration both on this Website and in all other aspects of its business. Unless you accept these conditions, you should not submit any personal photograph.
Do we use cookies?
Yes. Cookies are pieces of information generated by web servers and stored in your computer for future access. We use them to study visitors' use of the Website and to improve your navigation of it. For example, a cookie can allow you to continue shopping without having to re-enter items already placed in the shopping cart. We do not use cookies to create profiles of visitors, or to track visits made by identifiable individuals to other websites. The majority of Web browsers accept cookies, but the "help" menu on your browser should give you options for preventing, accepting, or receiving notice of new cookies. You can configure your web-browser to disable cookies, but doing so may impair your use of the Website. For example, you must accept cookies in order to navigate our Website; register for our membership areas of our Website; and order products from the Chippendales Boutique.
What about Third Party Links?
This Website may have hyperlinks to other websites. Chippendales is not responsible for their privacy practices or content. We urge you to review the privacy policy of any website that you visit.
Is the Website secure?
Chippendales takes reasonable precautions in order to ensure the safety and security of our customer's online transactions. Credit-card numbers that you enter on our billing webpage are encrypted and transmitted through SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) technology. SSL is the industry standard for securing Web-messaging transactions. We send this information to Verisign, which handles purchases from our online store. See Verisign www.versign.com. Credit-card transactions are processed by Ex Press Merchant Processing Solutions, (866) 867-3240. See Ex Press Merchant Processing Solutions http://www.empsebiz.com/ Other communications (e-mail, surveys, questionnaires, forums) that you may make through the website are not encrypted. While our staff is educated about the importance of safeguarding your information and we are committed to holding them accountable for protecting your confidentiality, we cannot guarantee that our Website is invulnerable to all security breaks. You therefore should carefully consider whether to include personal data in these communications. Doing so is entirely at your own risk.
How do I unsubscribe?
All e-mails you receive from us will include specific instructions on how to unsubscribe and you may unsubscribe at any time. Additionally, we give you the following options for removing your information from our database:
Send an email to info@chippendales.com
Select the opt-out link at the bottom of any Chippendales email and follow the instructions provided
Send mail to the following address:
Chippendales USA, LLC
4 Expressway Plaza, Suite 218
Roslyn Heights, NY 11577
Can I update/correct/review my information?
Yes. If you would like to review your personal data that was collected through this website, please mail a self-addressed stamped envelope and a check for $10.00 for administrative costs, payable to:
Chippendales USA, LLC
4 Expressway Plaza, Suite 218
Roslyn Heights, NY 11577
If you inform us of outdated or inaccurate data, we will make a reasonable effort to correct it.
You may correct or update your personal information by sending us an email at info@chippendales.com
Claims
If you believe that Chippendales has acted inconsistently with this Policy, please notify us either at the address above at info@chippendales.com and we will try to resolve your concern.