http://www.selectanescort.com/privacy.jsp
Select An Escort
Welcome Visitor
London EscortsUKBELLES Escort ListingsLondon EscortsAll UK Escortsennvy.comCheap Essex EscortsBerkshire EscortsEssex EscortsEast London EscortsHigh Class London Escorts
Show navigation
Hide navigation
HOME
GALLERY
REVIEWS
VIDEO
BLOG
SCHEDULE
ADVERTISE
LOGIN
REGISTER
There is a special Lockdown Discount running with a 50% discount on all listed prices. You will be sent an invoice for payment
which is half the value shown in the Price List. For further details email admin@selectanescort.com.
This discount will be applied to renewing listing. It might also be the time to extend featured advertising to a full year.
Your Privacy
Company Contact Details
Select An Escort Select Website Design 483 Greens Lane London N13 4BS Phone +44 203 9301 688
Refund Policy
Refunds will be made under the following conditions:
When the product or service which has been ordered is not available, Selectanescort.com will offer alternative products. If these are not acceptable
to you, a total refund will be made back to your paymnent card.
On the succesful placement of an advert, a refund will be available up to 24 hours after the advertisement has been placed on the site. No refunds on
advertising will be considered after this time.
Terms & Conditions
SelectAnEscort.com is a service that allows members to create unique personal profiles and directory listings online in order to find and communicate
with old and new friends and clients. The service is operated by SelectAnEscort.com, ("SelectAnEscort.com"). By using the SelectAnEscort.com Website (the
"Website") you agree to be bound by these Terms of Use (this "Agreement"), whether or not you register as a member ("Member"). If you wish to become a Member,
communicate with other Members and make use of the SelectAnEscort.com services (the "Service"), please read this Agreement and indicate your acceptance by
following the instructions in the Registration process.
This Agreement sets out the legally binding terms for your use of the Website and your Membership in the Service. SelectAnEscort.com may modify this
Agreement from time to time and such modification shall be effective upon posting by SelectAnEscort.com on the Website. You agree to be bound to any changes
to this Agreement when you use the Service after any such modification is posted. This Agreement includes SelectAnEscort.com's policy for acceptable use and
content posted on the Website, your rights, obligations and restrictions regarding your use of the Website and the Service and SelectAnEscort.com's Privacy
Policy. You may also receive a copy of this Agreement by emailing us at:admin@selectanescort.com, Subject: Terms of Use Agreement.
Please choose carefully the information you post on SelectAnEscort.com and that you provide to other Members. Your SelectAnEscort.com profile may not
include any photographs that contain anything illegal, violent, or of offensive subject matter. Information provided by other SelectAnEscort.com Members (for
instance, in their Profile or Directory Listing) may contain inaccurate, inappropriate or offensive material, products or services and SelectAnEscort.com
assumes no responsibility or liability for this material.
SelectAnEscort.com reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to reject, refuse to post or remove any posting (including email) by you, or to restrict,
suspend, or terminate your access to all or any part of the Website and/or Services at any time, for any or no reason, with or without prior notice, and
without liability.
By participating in any offline SelectAnEscort.com event, you agree to release and hold SelectAnEscort.com harmless from any and all losses, damages,
rights, claims, and actions of any kind including, without limitation, personal injuries, death, and property damage, either directly or indirectly related to
or arising from your participation in any such offline SelectAnEscort.com event.
1. Eligibility. Membership in the Service is void where prohibited. By using the Website and the Service, you represent and warrant that all
registration information you submit is truthful and accurate and that you agree to maintain the accuracy of such information. You further represent and
warrant that you are 18 years of age or older and that your use of the SelectAnEscort.com shall not violate any applicable law or regulation. Your profile may
be deleted without warning, if it is found that you are misrepresenting your age. Your Membership is solely for your personal use, and you shall not authorize
others to use your account, including your profile or email address. You are solely responsible for all Content published or displayed through your account,
including any email messages, and for your interactions with other members.
2. Term/Fees. This Agreement shall remain in full force and effect while you use the Website, the Service, and/or are a Member. You may terminate your
membership at any time, for any reason by following the instructions on the member Account page. SelectAnEscort.com may terminate your membership for any
reason, effective upon sending notice to you at the email address you provide in your Membership application or such other email address as you may
subsequently provide to SelectAnEscort.com. If SelectAnEscort.com terminates your Membership in the Service because you have breached the Agreement, you shall
not be entitled to the refund of any unused portion of subscription fees. Even after membership is terminated, this Agreement will remain in effect, including
sections 4, 5, 7 and 9-14. SelectAnEscort.com's Terms of Use and/or subscription fees that were provided to you at registration may change from time to time.
By using the Service and by becoming a Member, you acknowledge that SelectAnEscort.com reserves the right to charge for the Service and has the right to
terminate a Member's Membership should Member breach this Agreement or fail to pay for the Service, as required by this Agreement.
3. Non Commercial Use by Members. The Website is for the personal use of Members only and may not be used in connection with any commercial endeavors
except those that are specifically endorsed or approved by the management of SelectAnEscort.com, such as listing your business in our Directory Listings.
Illegal and/or unauthorized use of the Website, including collecting usernames and/or email addresses of Members by electronic or other means for the purpose
of sending unsolicited email or unauthorized framing of or linking to the Website will be investigated. Commercial advertisements, affiliate links, and other
forms of solicitation may be removed from member profiles without notice and may result in termination of membership privileges. Appropriate legal action will
be taken by SelectAnEscort.com for any illegal or unauthorized use of the Website.
4. Proprietary Rights in Content on SelectAnEscort.com. SelectAnEscort.com owns and retains all proprietary rights in the Website and the Service. The
Website contains copyrighted material, trademarks, and other proprietary information of SelectAnEscort.com and its licensors. Except for that information
which is in the public domain or for which you have been given written permission, you may not copy, modify, publish, transmit, distribute, perform, display,
or sell any such proprietary information.
5. Content Posted on the Site. a. You understand and agree that SelectAnEscort.com may review and delete any content, messages, SelectAnEscort.com
Messenger messages, photos, directory listings or profiles (collectively, "Content") that in the sole judgment of SelectAnEscort.com violate this Agreement or
which may be offensive, illegal or violate the rights, harm, or threaten the safety of any Member. b. You are solely responsible for the Content that you
publish or display (hereinafter, "post") on the Service or any material or information that you transmit to other Members. c. By posting any Content to the
public areas of the Website, you hereby grant to SelectAnEscort.com the non-exclusive, fully paid, worldwide license to use, publicly perform and display such
Content on the Website. This license will terminate at the time you remove such Content from the Website. You represent and warrant that: (i) you own the
Content posted by you on the Website or otherwise have the right to grant the license set forth in this section, and (ii) your Content does not violate the
privacy rights, publicity rights, copyright rights, or other intellectual property rights of any person. You agree to pay for all royalties and fees owing any
person by reason of any Content you post on the Website. d. The following is a partial list of the kind of Content that is illegal or prohibited on the
Website. SelectAnEscort.com reserves the right to investigate and take appropriate legal action in its sole discretion against anyone who violates this
provision, including without limitation, removing the offending communication from the Service and terminating the membership of such violators. Prohibited
Content includes Content that: i. is patently offensive and promotes racism, bigotry, hatred or physical harm of any kind against any group or individual; ii.
harasses or advocates harassment of another person; iii. involves the transmission of "junk mail", "chain letters," or unsolicited mass mailing or "spamming";
iv. promotes information that you know is false or misleading or promotes illegal activities or conduct that is abusive, threatening, obscene, defamatory or
libelous; v. promotes an illegal or unauthorized copy of another person's copyrighted work, such as providing pirated computer programs or links to them,
providing information to circumvent manufacture-installed copy-protect devices, or providing pirated music or links to pirated music files; vi. contains
restricted or password only access pages or hidden pages or images (those not linked to or from another accessible page); vii. provides material that exploits
people under the age of 18 in a sexual or violent manner, or solicits personal information from anyone under 18; viii. provides instructional information
about illegal activities such as making or buying illegal weapons, violating someone's privacy, or providing or creating computer viruses; ix. solicits
passwords or personal identifying information for commercial or unlawful purposes from other users; or x. involves commercial activities and/or sales without
our prior written consent such as contests, sweepstakes, barter, advertising, or pyramid schemes; (xi) for directory listings, uses any unfair, misleading or
deceptive content intended to draw traffic to the profile. e. You must use the Service in a manner consistent with any and all applicable laws and
regulations. f. You may not include in your Member profile any telephone numbers, street addresses, last names, URLs or email addresses. g. You may not engage
in advertising to, or solicitation of, any Member to buy or sell any products or services through the Service. You may not transmit any chain letters or junk
email to other Members. Although SelectAnEscort.com cannot monitor the conduct of its Members off the Website, it is also a violation of these rules to use
any information obtained from the Service in order to harass, abuse, or harm another person, or in order to contact, advertise to, solicit, or sell to any
Member without their prior explicit consent. In order to protect our Members from such advertising or solicitation, SelectAnEscort.com reserves the right to
restrict the number of emails which a Member may send to other Members in any 24-hour period to a number which SelectAnEscort.com deems appropriate in its
sole discretion. h. You may not cover or obscure the banner advertisements on your personal profile page, or any page via HTML/CSS or any other means. i. Any
automated use of the system, such as using scripts to add friends, is prohibited. j. You may not attempt to impersonate another user or person who is not a
member of SelectAnEscort.com. k. You may not use the account, username, or password of another Member at any time nor may you disclose your password to any
third party or permit any third party to access your account. m. You may not sell or otherwise transfer your profile or directory listing.
6. Copyright Policy. You may not post, distribute, or reproduce in any way any copyrighted material, trademarks, or other proprietary information
without obtaining the prior written consent of the owner of such proprietary rights. It is the policy of SelectAnEscort.com to terminate membership privileges
of any member who repeatedly infringes copyright upon prompt notification to SelectAnEscort.com by the copyright owner or the copyright owner's legal agent.
Without limiting the foregoing, if you believe that your work has been copied and posted on the Service in a way that constitutes copyright infringement,
please provide our Copyright Agent with the following information: an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner
of the copyright interest; a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed; a description of where the material that you claim is
infringing is located on the Website; your address, telephone number, and email address; a written statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the
disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in
your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf. SelectAnEscort.com's Copyright Agent for
notice of claims of copyright infringement can be reached as follows:admin@selectanescort.com
7. Member Disputes. You are solely responsible for your interactions with other SelectAnEscort.com Members. SelectAnEscort.com, reserves the right, but
has no obligation, to monitor disputes between you and other Members.
8. Privacy. Use of the Website and/or the Service is also governed by our Privacy Policy.
9. Disclaimers. SelectAnEscort.com is not responsible for any incorrect or inaccurate Content posted on the Website or in connection with the Service
provided, whether caused by users of the Website, Members or by any of the equipment or programming associated with or utilized in the Service.
SelectAnEscort.com is not responsible for the conduct, whether online or offline, of any user of the Website or Member of the Service. SelectAnEscort.com
assumes no responsibility for any error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, communications line failure, theft or
destruction or unauthorized access to, or alteration of, any user or Member communication. SelectAnEscort.com is not responsible for any problems or technical
malfunction of any telephone network or lines, computer online systems, servers or providers, computer equipment, software, failure of any email or players
due to technical problems or traffic congestion on the Internet or at any Website or combination thereof, including any injury or damage to users and/or
Members or to any person's computer related to or resulting from participation or downloading materials in connection with the Website and/or in connection
with the Service. Under no circumstances shall SelectAnEscort.com be responsible for any loss or damage, including personal injury or death, resulting from
use of the Website or the Service or from any Content posted on the Website or transmitted to Members, or any interactions between users of the Website,
whether online or offline. The Website and the Service are provided "AS-IS" and SelectAnEscort.com expressly disclaims any warranty of fitness for a
particular purpose or non-infringement. SelectAnEscort.com cannot guarantee and does not promise any specific results from use of the Website and/or the
Service.
10. Limitation on Liability. IN NO EVENT SHALL SelectAnEscort.com BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOST PROFIT DAMAGES ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF THE WEB SITE OR THE SERVICE, EVEN IF SelectAnEscort.com HAS
BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED HEREIN, SelectAnEscort.com'S LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY
CAUSE WHATSOEVER AND REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF THE ACTION, WILL AT ALL TIMES BE LIMITED TO AMOUNT PAID, IF ANY, BY YOU TO SelectAnEscort.com FOR THE SERVICE
DURING THE TERM OF MEMBERSHIP.
11. Indemnity. You agree to indemnify and hold SelectAnEscort.com, its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, and other partners and employees,
harmless from any loss, liability, claim, or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of your use of the
Service in violation of this Agreement and/or arising from a breach of this Agreement and/or any breach of your representations and warranties set forth
above.
12. Other. This Agreement is accepted upon your use of the Website and is further affirmed by you becoming a Member of the Service. This Agreement
constitutes the entire agreement between you and SelectAnEscort.com regarding the use of the Website and/or the Service. The failure of SelectAnEscort.com to
exercise or enforce any right or provision of this Agreement shall not operate as a waiver of such right or provision. The section titles in this Agreement
are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect. Please contact us with any questions regarding this Agreement. SelectAnEscort.com is a
trademark of Select Website Design. I HAVE READ THIS AGREEMENT AND AGREE TO ALL OF THE PROVISIONS CONTAINED ABOVE.
EMPpay Ltd is the designated E-ticket Supplier, Payment Processor, and Access Manager for selectanescort.com Empay billing
contact is 1 800 648 5965 & billingsupport@emerchantpay.com
Your Privacy
This website captures details of your visit through Google Analytics. This make use of a small file stored on your PC called a cookie. Cookies are small
pieces of information stored by Your browser on Your computers hard drive. We use cookies to allow Us to understand who has seen which pages and
advertisements, to determine how frequently particular pages are visited, to determine the most popular areas of the Site and generally in order to monitor
usage of the Site. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies. We do not control the use of cookies by third parties. If You wish to disable cookies then
You can do so by readjusting Your browser settings although please note that by disabling cookies You may not be able to register with or use all features of
the Site.
For more information on cookies and how to disable them, You can consult the information provided by the Interactive Advertising Bureau at
www.allaboutcookies.org.
Your Data Security
We endeavour to take all reasonable steps to protect Your Data. All the Data collected by Us is stored on a secure server in a secure hosting facility
and we take reasonable steps to ensure all accesses are pre-authorised and recorded. The only personal data recorded on this site is your order details, which
will include your email address and phone number. This excludes credit card details. Credit card details are not processed by this site, but by the payment
provider.
None of your details will be given to any other person or organisation, excepting for legitimate enquiries by law enforcement officials.
Featured Agencies
EMPpay Ltd is the designated E-ticket Supplier,
Payment Processor, and Access Manager for selectanescort.com
Empay billing contact is 1 800 648 5965 & billingsupport@emerchantpay.com
AvaEscorts Worldwide Escorts     London Escorts
Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions
©2019 The content of this web site is the responsibility of the advertisers and is their copyright. Stealing content is illegal.
Select An Escort, Select Website Design, 483 Greens Lane, London, N13 4BS, Phone +44 203 9301 688