http://www.adultchamber.com/page/privacy_policy
AC News Ticker:
FREE REGISTRATION /
Member Login
Visit other AdultChamber Networks Sites
Adult Webmaster Hangout Forum
Adult Chamber Blog
Adult Chamber Jobs
Home
|
Getting Started
Site Tour
About Adult Chamber
Beginners Guides
Submit Resource
Submit Press Release
Add Bookmark
Link to Us
Newsletter
Advertise
Contact
|
Business Directory
Affiliate Programs
Content Providers
Design Services
E Commerce
Legal Services
Merchant Services
Mobile Solutions
Other Resources
Other Services
Parental Control
Programming Services
Software & Scripts
Web Hosting
Business Directory Index
|
Webmaster Tools
Counters & Statistics
Design & Multimedia
Domain Tools
Programming Tools
SEO Tools
Syndication Tools
Website Tools
Webmaster Tools Index
|
Traffic Generation
Banner Exchanges
Free Site Link Lists
Picture & Movie Posts
Review Sites
Site Promotions
TGP & MGP
Top Lists
Traffic Programs
Search Engines & Directories
Traffic Generation Index
|
Industry Buzz
Adult Industry Events
Adult Webmaster Blogs
Adult Webmaster Forums
Facebook Pages
Print Media
Twitter Pages
Convention Pictures
Press Releases
Industry Buzz Index
|
Features & Articles
Affiliate & Revenue Programs
Content Tips
General & Editorial Advice
Industry Event Reviews
Legal Articles
Marketing & Promotion
Starting Tips for Webmasters
Web Design & Development
Features & Articles Index
Write for AC
|
Advertise
Affiliate Programs
Content Providers
Design Services
E Commerce
Facebook Pages
Legal Services
Merchant Services
Mobile Solutions
Other Resources
Press Releases
Programming Services
Review Sites
Twitter Pages
Traffic Programs
Web Hosting
If you're looking for the best adult site, don't spend a dime before checking in with our friend Rabbit to see what he recommends. He has reviewed thousands of sites and has exclusive discounts for teen porn, free porn movies and a ton of sites with girls doing anal.
Privacy Policy Adultchamber.com Webmaster Resources
and Services
Privacy Policy
From the President of Adultchamber.com
The Adult Chamber and it's parent company have been in the Online Service Business since 1989 beginning with one of the world's most successful Adult BBS systems. The system became successful because of our dedication to PRIVACY. Privacy at Adult Chamber is Paramount.
Any personal information you provide at Adult Chamber WebMaster Resource web site will not be available to anyone!
Privacy Statement for AdultChamber.com
AdultChamber.com has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: AdultChamber.com.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. Your IPaddress is used to help identify you and your shopping cart.
Our site's registration form requires users to give us contact information (like their name and email address). We use customer contact information from the registration form to send the user promotional material from some of our partners. The customer's contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
This site contains links to other sites. AdultChamber.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect visitor's contact in formation (like their email address). Contact information from the order form is used to send promotional material from some of our partners to our customers. The customer's contact information is also used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
We use an outside ad company to display ads on our site. Ads may contain cookies, and appear to be coming from our site, but in reality they are coming from our partners who are serving ads on our site. Our site does not use cookies. We do not have access to any information about you from cookies you might receive while visiting our site.
Public Forums
This site makes chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Supplementation Information
This site supplements the information that you provide with information that is received from third parties.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us and our partners at the point where we request information about the visitor.
This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service.
You can send emails to webmaster@adultchamber.com
You can visit the following URL: http://adultchamber.com
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact:
webmaster@adultchamber.comOnline Technologies Group Care of AC
370 Camino Gardens Blvd #201A
Boca Raton, FL 33432
webmaster@adultchamber.com
Webmaster Events
All webmaster expos
Back to top
Home|Getting Started|Business Directory|Webmaster Tools|Traffic Generation|Industry Buzz|Features & Articles|Advertise
Privacy Policy
RTA / ASACP / FSC
©1994-2012 Adult Chamber Webmaster Resources. All rights reserved.
Site Links
Submit a Resource
Submit a Press Release
Newsletter
Contact
Business Services
Web Design
Print Design
Programming
Adult Chamber Network
Adult Webmaster Hangout Forum
Adult Chamber Blog
Adult Chamber Jobs
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Learn more
Got it!