http://www.bluedoor.com/help/shopping_discreetservice.html
Sign In
Sign In
New customer?
Create Account
My Account
My Wishlist
Help
Free Shipping Over $25.
Cart
Menu
Newly Added
Newly Added
Sex Toys
Dildos
Couples Toys
Strokers
Vibrators
Cock Play
BDSM
Categories
For Women
For Women
Popular Sex Toys
Bondage Gear
Dildos & Dongs
Erotic Books
Lingerie
Vibrators
For Men
For Men
Popular Sex Toys
Body Parts
Bondage Gear
Penis Pumps
Rings & Stretchers
Men Strokers
< HelpDiscreet ServiceInquire Online866-293-0904Contact UsDiscreet Service
We are not only committed to providing you with superior service and unmatched professionalism, but we have also strived to ensure a completely discreet shopping environment.
So we wanted to provide you with the following information concerning our Discreet Billing and Shipping, Privacy, and Customer Service policies.
Discreet Billing:
Any charge on your credit card statement will read
"Bluedoor"
.
Your invoice will reference the name of our site and the titles/names of adult product will be listed.Discreet, Fast Shipping:
We ship all packages in plain boxes.
The shipping label on all of our packages will read
"
BD Company
".
All orders received before 3:00pm ET are processed the same day (Monday through Friday). Remember the products have to be In-Stock: Ships Immediately.
Click here for more information about Same Day Shipping.
Discreet Customer Service:
All order confirmation emails will be sent from
'info@bluedoor.com'
and our company name will be listed as
Bluedoor
.
You can turn off Order Confirmation emails in the "Your Account" section located at the top of the page.In the case that a
customer service rep has to call you they will only discuss contents of an order with the individual who placed the order.We will only call the phone number you provide, if we have a problem with your order and receive no reply via email or in some cases to validate suspicious account activity.Our customer service department is administered 100% in house and not outsourced to a third party.Complete Customer Privacy:
We value your privacy and will not sell any of your personal information to third parties. Please read our full
Privacy Policy for further information.
We do send promotional emails which consist of coupons, new site features and other customer related information.
You can unsubscribe by accessing the "Notification Options" section of your Account.
Help Home >Shopping InformationPayment MethodsStock StatusesDiscreet ServiceSecure ShoppingNotify Me
About Us
Discreet Service
Discreet Packaging
Gift Certificates
Purchase
Redeem
Customer Service
Contact Us
Help Center
Your Account
Track Your Order
Shipping Rates
Returns
Make A Suggestion
Guest Order Lookup
Copyright Notice - Terms of Use - Privacy Policy