http://www.webcamsex7.com/privacy/
Real Live Amateur Webcam Sex Shows
Status:
Anonymous
You have:
0 Tokens
(Get More)
CHAT ROOMS
BROADCAST YOURSELF
TAGS
LOG IN
SIGN UP
Privacy & Cookies Policy
This Privacy & Cookies Policy (the "Policy") dated December 31, 2019 replaces all previous policies.
Please take the time to review before you continue to use our products and services.
This Policy applies to any information you provide to us, including through this website, our mobile apps,
communications by email and through social media, by telephone and in person. It also covers any information we
receive from third parties.
By using our products and services, including browsing our websites, registering or logging in, you agree we may
use your information as outlined in this Policy. If you do not wish to have your information used in line with
this Policy, you must not use our products and services and not otherwise provide us with your information.
About us
Multi Media, LLC operates the software platform located on Webcamsex7 (the "Platform").
Information we may collect and process about you
Information you provide to us, including by way of example only, your username, email address, and date of birth
Your IP address
Information about accounts you've visited, products and services you've clicked on or shown an interest
Information provided by other companies who have obtained your permission through their own privacy policies
to share information about you
Information about your interaction with the Platform including any advertisements
Information we collect using cookies stored on your device about your use of the Platform and/or selected
third party websites.
Information we collect or remember using technologies similar to cookies, such as device identifiers
on your mobile device.
Technical information from your device relating to the service you receive
Information relating to the location of your device.
How we may use your information
By accessing the Platform, you agree that we may collect, hold, use or otherwise process your information (including
personal information) for the purpose of providing you with those products and services you request or access, and
developing our business. By providing us with your email address, you agree to receive emails from us or sent on our
behalf providing you with messages regarding your account including, but not limited to, purchase confirmations, renewal
confirmations and warnings, alerts you may have requested to receive including alerts regarding other user’s streaming
broadcasts or content submissions), and newsletters. Should you determine to provide an email address, you may change your
email address at any time.
Payment Processing
Please note that we contract with various third parties to carry out payment processing in connection with any
purchases you may make through the Platform. The processing and storage of any and all information you may provide
to any such third-party payment processor, including information they may collect from you, is not governed by this
Policy. You will need to review the Privacy and Cookie Policy for such third party on their website.
Two Factor Authentication
When you enable two factor authentication to protect your account, you are providing your phone number directly to a
third party called Twilio. Their use of this information is outside of this Policy; however they do not receive any
information regarding your account beyond the phone number you provide directly to them.
Fraud Prevention Services
We use third-party services in connection with preventing fraud and other damage to our system. As such we may
provide to such services with your IP and device data should your account be terminated for fraud or behavior which
is damaging to our Platform. This information will be retained indefinitely for the protection of our Platform and
users.
How we may use your information in specific products or services
Registration
General account registration: You are not required to provide any information to use the Platform. You may determine
to create an account with the Platform. In such event you will be required to provide a user name, birthdate to
demonstrate you meet our minimum age requirements, and your gender. This information, together with any information
you determine to provide in your account profile, will be publicly posted in connection with your username.
Contributor registration: Should you determine to create a "Contributor" account (which is an account that is
permitted to receive digital currency from other users of the Platform), you will be required to provide a color
copy of your current government issued photo identification. This information is stored by us in compliance with
United States Federal law. You will also be required to provide "pay to" information such as a bank account or home
address. You may be required to provide certain taxpayer information. We report to the United States Internal
Revenue Service all moneys paid by us to Independent Broadcasters as required by law.
Webmaster registration: Should you determine to create a webmaster account with the Platform, you will be required to
provide "pay to" information such as a bank account or home address. You may be required to provide certain taxpayer
information. We report to the United States Internal Revenue Service moneys paid by us to webmasters as required by
law.
Message boards, blogs and other public forums
The Platform may provide message boards, blogs and other user generated content facilities, in addition to user
profiles. Anything that you share through any of these means is deemed public information. You should always be
careful when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Location based services
Where we provide services that utilize your device's location, we may permit other users of the service to block
individuals in certain locations, based upon their IP, from accessing such users' content.
Certain Information Use Out of Our Control
Should you determine to stream or upload any content to our Platform, you understand that we cannot control the use
of such content by any user/observer of our Platform. Furthermore, we cannot control the use of any personal
information you may determine to share with other users/observers of the Platform. You should exercise caution in
discussing your location, name, account information, and other identifying information. For privacy, we recommend
using a unique username not in any way tied to any of your social media accounts or real name.
How we may share your information
Your username will be associated with all activities you undertake on the Platform including, without limitation,
messages sent, content shared, and streamed content. Your gender information will be used to categorize your account
and the content that you share so it is easier for site users to find. Your IP addresses, device data, and other use
information are used by us in order to optimize the Platform for use. Your usage history may also be used to help
our internal algorithm to recommend other Platform users to you. Your information may also be shared with third
parties with whom we contract to provide certain services on our website such as third-party hosting services and
site optimization services. Your "pay to" information, if provided to us, will be shared with third parties (such
as, by way of example only, our bank) only as necessary to process payments to you using the "pay to" information
you have provided to us. Your government identification, if provided to us, will be shared as required to comply
with applicable law and as may be requested by you in writing. Notwithstanding the forgoing, we reserve the right to
share any and all account information as we deem appropriate - in response to written request(s) from law
enforcement or other third parties; should we believe, in our sole discretion, that you or your account may be
involved with illegal activity; or, if we determine, in our sole discretion, that such disclosure is necessary to
protect the rights or property of Webcamsex7, our users, or third parties.
Safeguards and security for your information
We have measures in place to protect the security of your personal information from unauthorized access or use, such
as by using encryption technology.
Information Deletion
Should you request your personal data be deleted, it will be deleted in compliance with our data retention policy and
applicable law and rules. In order to avoid abuse of our system, we will retain device and IP data relating to your
account for a period of time to prevent you from creating a new account. In the event that you have tokens in your
account at the time you request deletion, by requesting deletion you are agreeing that these tokens are being
forfeited by you to us and that you shall not be entitled to a transfer of or refund for such tokens.
You can request permanent deletion using our deletion tool here.
Cookies Policy
You should be aware that when you use the Site we may collect information using cookies or similar technologies.
What are cookies and how do they work?
Cookies are small files that are downloaded to your computer or mobile device when you visit a website. Your browser
sends these cookies back to the website every time you visit the site again, so it can recognize you. This allows
websites to tailor what you see on the screen.
Do we use other technologies which are similar to cookies?
Our websites, apps and emails often contain small invisible images known as 'web beacons' or 'tracking pixels'. These
are used in a way similar to cookies, to understand when a particular part of a webpage is viewed. Our apps often
use
device identifiers in the same way as cookies. A device identifier is a unique number on your device which allow us
to remember your device.
What do we use cookies for?
Cookies make using websites much smoother and affect lots of the useful features of websites. There are many
different uses for cookies, but they fall into four main groups:
Cookies that are needed to provide the service you have asked for. Some cookies are essential so you can move
around the website and use its features. Without these cookies, services you've asked for can't be provided.
These cookies gather information about you that can be used for remembering your browsing history or allowing
you to stay logged in during your visit.
Cookies used to improve your browsing experience. These cookies allow the website to remember choices you make,
such as your language or region and they provide improved features such as content provider recommendations and
limiting the number of times a particular advertisement is shown to you.
Cookies used to understand how people use our products and services. This allows us to keep track of what
pages are popular to help other users find such pages.
Cookies used to show advertising that is relevant to you based upon your viewing history.
We also use cookies in order to know how many advertisements we serve, how many times these are clicked or hovered
over with a mouse cursor, how many advertisements we show to a given user and how many customer actions these
generate.
We may also use cookies on the Site and advertisers' sites to understand which customers reach a sale or other
action page on an advertiser's site. This allows us to monitor how effective our advertising is.
Some of our web pages will contain promotional links to other companies' sites. If you follow one of these links and
then register with or buy something from that other site, a cookie is sometimes used to tell that other site that
you came from one of our sites. Such other site may then pay us a small amount for the successful referral. You will
need to review the privacy policy of any website whose advertisement you click on as this Policy only applies to
pages on our domain.
Contacting us and accessing your personal information
If you wish to review or receive a copy of the personal information we hold about you, we offer a self-serve tool here
If you have any queries or comments about this Privacy & Cookies Policy OR if you wish to review or receive a
copy of the personal information we hold about you, please write to us at:
Attention: Data Protection Officer
Grizzly Empire Ltd
Unit 4 Studios
100 Bradford Road
Dewsbury, United Kingdom, WF13 2EF
[email protected]
We reserve the right to charge an administration fee in relation to fulfilling a request for access to personal
information which fee shall not exceed the maximum fee allowed by law.
Changes to this Privacy & Cookies Policy
We reserve the right to make changes to our Privacy & Cookies Policy. Changes to this policy will be posted here
and
will become effective as of the updated effective date. Your continued use of our website or platform will signify
your acceptance of these changes.
Residents of the State of California.
Under the California Consumer Privacy Act, you have certain rights with respect to the personally identifying
information you provide to us.
Copies of Your Personally Identifying Information.
For free, up to two times in any twelve-month period, you are entitled to obtain the following information for the
immediately preceding twelve month period:
The categories of information we have collected about you;
The categories of sources of the information we have collected about you;
The purpose for which we have collected such information about you;
A copy of the personally identifying information we have collected about you; and,
To be informed if we have sold or disclosed your personally identifying information to a third party and for
what purpose.
In order to obtain a copy of this information with respect to your account, you may email or call using the following
information:
Toll-Free phone number: (877) 338-7068
Email address: [email protected]
For your privacy and protection, we will require certain information to confirm that it is you, the accountholder,
requesting the information. If there is no information associated with your account that we can verify, such as your
email address or other information, we may be unable to complete your request. For your protection, responsive
information will only be delivered to the email address assigned to the subject account. For an email address to be
"assigned to an account" as used herein, it means the email address to which you receive account security
notifications such as account recovery instructions; it does not mean the email address you may have provided in
completing your Independent Broadcaster Agreement, if you completed an Independent Broadcaster Agreement.
[ BACK TO TOP ]
Free Cams
Featured Cams
Female Cams
Male Cams
Couple Cams
Trans Cams
Free Cams by Age
Teen Cams (18+)
18 to 21 Cams
20 to 30 Cams
30 to 50 Cams
Mature Cams (50+)
Free Cams by Region
North American Cams
Other Region Cams
Euro Russian Cams
Asian Cams
South American Cams
Free Cams by Status
Exhibitionist Cams
HD Cams
Private Shows
New Cams
Private Shows
6 Tokens per Minute
12 Tokens per Minute
18 Tokens per Minute
30 Tokens per Minute
60 Tokens per Minute
90 Tokens per Minute
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Support
Feedback
Security Center
Law Enforcement
Billing
Disable Account
Apps
Contest
Affiliate Program
18 U.S.C. 2257 Record Keeping Requirements Compliance Statement
© Copyright Www.webcamsex7.com 2011 - 2020. All Rights Reserved. 189
Whitelabel powered by Chaturbate.com