http://www.bendecho.de/help/protection
English
Deutsch
Family Filter On
Family Filter Off
Popular
Upcoming
My Network
Favorites
Dashboard
Join bendechoLogin
Sprache in
Deutsch ändern |
Hooray! You've made it!
You found probably the funniest site of the internet! Share and discover hilarious, crazy and weird videos, images or what ever you want and find people who share your sense of humour.
We suggest
English as your preferred language. You can change the language next to the bendecho logo.
Let it rock! ;-)
Protection of Minors
bendecho is committed to protecting minors. This includes being proactive to protect children and young people from potentially unsuitable content. We have introduced measures that make bendecho easy to use.
What does bendecho do to protect minors?
Checks:If infringements against the conditions of use are identified by us, or reported to us, the content is deleted and the user is blocked in case of further infringement.
Tagging: Content on the bendecho Internet site is tagged using the ICRA tagging system. This gives parents the ability to effectively deploy filtering solutions and protection software.
Separation: The youth protection filter keeps content that may not be suitable for children and young people separate from other content. Access to this content is only granted after registration and entry of the date of birth.
Protection: Once a child or young person has entered their date of birth, the privacy level for critical data and settings is set to high security.
Support: Our qualified youth protection officer will be pleased to help you with your questions and give you advice.
Selection instead of censorship
ICRA gives parents the ability to select the digital content their children can or can't view. "Freedom to make decisions instead of censorship" is probably the best way of summing up our philosophy. Families will obviously have different views of what is suitable for children of different age groups. This applies within a single country, and all the more so for the Internet and other digital media that transcend national and cultural borders. For this reason, ICRA provides a flexible approach to content filtering, giving parents as individuals freedom of choice.
You can also enter the correct date of birth for your child's profile. This will prevent your child from disabling the bendecho youth protection filter before their 18th birthday. In addition to this, your child's privacy will be protected and important settings will be configured.
What can parents do?
We expressly point out that a guardian's responsibilities also include responsibility for use of the Internet. You wouldn't let your children play on a highway. Similarly, some cautionary measures are necessary for the data highway, the Internet. You can make the Internet a safer place for your children by using a free but effective filtering software. Talk to your children and discuss their experiences with Internet use. This should be a regular part of daily life for parents and children.
Submit New
Advertisment
Rising Upcoming Votes
Denied Villa Room Escape Walkthrough, hacked, cheats
armorgames24
10
Einfach Umzug Duisburg - Umzugs- und Lagerservice
umzugduisburg
9
Rainforest Landscape Jungle Escape Walkthrough, hacked, chea
armorgames24
9
BG Video in Cleveland, OH - Video Production Service
BGVideo
9
Christmas Palace Escape Walkthrough, hacked, cheats
armorgames24
9
Rising Upcoming - Videos
California Happy Homes Napa CA - Real estate consultant
californiahappyhomes
4
Rising Upcoming - Games
Pleasant Christmas Forest Escape Walkthrough, hacked, cheats
armorgames24
4
Stuff of the Month
** Kelly Clarkson ~ Already Gone **
tiptopmodel
13
Dress Up Crayon Shin Chan
freegameswow
3
Warrior
TRAMALIN
7
More
Action Feed
GTI Corporation Glendale CA : Te... Idaho Neighborhood Solutions in ... GetMovers Vaughan ON - Moving co... Meds Cafe Lowell Mi : Cannabis S... Einfach-Umzug Köln - Umzugs- und... Champs Helmets Fullerton CA : Sp... Integrity Roofing & Siding San A... Flossome Orthodontics Miami FL -... Berkshire Mountain Health in Gre... Benson Website Designer Company ...
Social Media
Highlights of the Week
bendecho
About bendecho
How bendecho Works
Community Guidelines
Press
Help
Help / FAQ
Submit Tips
Protection of Minors
Contact
Tools
Buttons
Badges
Thumbnails
Legal Stuff
Terms of Use
Privacy
Legal Notice
Associates
MMO NEWS
Leckere Koch- und Backrezepte
Tierlexikon
HipHop Radio
Pressemitteilung schreiben