https://www.dollhouse.com.au/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyDoll House PRIVACY POLICYDoll House recognizes the importance of protecting the personal privacy of its website visitors and as such will not send unsolicited “junk” or “spam” email to you as a result of visiting any Doll House website unless you specifically request that such data in email form be sent . The following Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes the types of information Doll House may collect and permissible use that information. The Policy applies only to Doll House North America websites. When leaving this website, please read the privacy policy applicable to that website, if any, to ensure you understand and agree with the applicable policy. Doll House reserves the right to change the Policy at any time without notice. Policy revisions are effective upon posting and apply only to data collected thereafter. You should periodically visit this Doll House to review the current terms.Confidentiality
Doll House does not sell or provide data to non-affiliate third parties for promotional purposes, but may collect and share aggregate website statistical information (such as sales, traffic patterns or related information) with third parties with the express approval of Doll House ®. No such shared statistics will contain any identifying user information.Visitor Identification
When connecting to our website, Doll House may automatically collect technical non-personal information. Examples include the type of Internet browser used, your computer operating system and the IP address of the website from which you linked to our website. When viewing our website, information in the form of a “cookie” or similar file may also be stored on your computer. This information helps Doll House to tailor its website in a manner to better match your interests and preferences. If you do not wish to receive cookies or want to be notified when they are placed on your computer, many Internet browser’s settings allow you to erase existing “cookies” or block or warn before a cookie is stored on your computer. Consult your specific browser’s instructions to learn more about these features.Personal Information
Doll House does not collect personally identifiable information (name, address, e-mail address and telephone number) through its website unless you provide it to us voluntarily. Doll House may ask you for personal information to respond to your questions; process or fulfill your order or request; or register you in contests and sweepstakes. For product or service orders, Doll House may need additional information in order to process or fulfill your order or request. Doll House will not share your personal information with third parties without your permission, except as otherwise necessary to (i) process or fulfill your order, (ii) respond to your request or answer your inquiries, (iii) enter you in contests, sweepstakes or other promotional activities, or (iv) comply with any applicable law, court order or other judicial process. Doll House may occasionally hire other companies to provide certain services on its behalf, including management of contests, sweepstakes and surveys. Doll House may provide such companies with the minimum amount of personal information necessary to deliver the service, which may not be for any other purpose. You will not receive e-mails or mailings concerning Doll House or its products, services or promotions unless you specifically elect to receive such information. Although no system is currently 100% immune from external attack, Doll House has taken commercially reasonable measures to prevent the unauthorized access and improper use of your personal information.© 2010 Doll House ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.Register for Updates ×Relocating Form Email*
This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms.