https://www.select1securityandelectrical.com/privacy-policy/
At Select 1 we have over 25 years’ in experience providing commercial security services. All of our new installations are installed to the current British standards and are fully certified with SSAIB.
READ MORE
We provide a full range of electrical services for large and small commercial organisations. Our engineers have over 25 years’ experience working in a variety of commercial settings. All of our new installations are installed to the current British standards and are fully certified with NICEIC
READ MORE
Did you know that it is a legal requirement to maintain fire safety within your commercial premises and to ensure the safety of the people within your building at all times?
READ MORE
We can offer you our range of Home Security Services Intruder Alarms CCTV and home automation systems supported by our experienced engineers who are fully trained and highly experienced.
READ MORE
Projects
Celotex Firefly - Ipswich
Roseland Business Park - Nottingham
Trafford House - Manchester
Tweed House Vets - Yeadon & Pudsey
Shred It - Rainham
Parkside Business Park - Barnsley
Reds True Barbecue - Manchester
IC Blue - Leeds
Celotex Firefly - IpswichBackground
Firefly is a Swedish supplier of spark detection, fire and dust explosion protection systems. Firefly develops and manufactures high-tech systems, which detect and minimise the risk of fires and dust explosions. Each customer is offered unique solutions based on a range of patented components and functions. Firefly’s industrial application includes customized fire prevention systems, which monitor industrial processes in areas such as woodworking, tissue, food, bioenergy, and recycling.
Job Spec
Recently, Select 1 fitted a Firefly system into Celotex who are based in Ipswich.
After continuous fires in their ‘briquetter’ and a Health & Safety risk assessment, they were advised in order to meet their insurance requirements to install a Firefly system.
The briquetter is their internal waste system that sucks all the dust out during production and compacts it into briquettes. Unfortunately, when compacted, these can get extremely hot and in turn create fires. The firefly system detects any microscopic parts of heat and dowses the production line with a mist of water to prevent the fires starting.
Challenges
The works were undertaken by Select 1 engineers over the course of several weekends to avoid as little disturbance as possible to their production line.
Result
Once the Firefly system was installed Select 1 then commissioned and installed hydro press tanks, system pumps and heat tracing to the pipes, stainless steel cold water pipework with external lagging to stop them freezing in the winter.
What happened next:
Select 1 have been asked to quote for further works.
See what Celotex had to say about us:
“Feedback – excellent team effort. From initial planning to setting timelines for completion. All dates were met. Installers worked well on our site and met all H&S requirements and liaised / communicated with our team to ensure the project kept within its timeframe. Weekend working was completed with all RAMS set over early as required and permits were adhered to.
Project was completed on time and new install is working and the engineering team love the new technology fitted.
Very happy with select 1 and would recommend to any company.”
Neil Ling
Compliance & Projects Co-ordinator
Celotex
Roseland Business Park - NottinghamBackground
Roseland Business Park is a well established Business Park in Newark, Nottingham
After an electrical inspection at the property it was found that the existing sub main was too small to provide the required resistance readings and it had failed the inspection. Select 1 were contracted to supply and fit a new 80 meter Sub Main.
Job Spec
Firstly, we were required to isolate the building and excavate a trench between the incoming supply and unit 13.
We dug a trench between the two buildings to allow for the larger cables. This trench ran through grassland and a service road. We were required to schedule an out of hours shut down to enable us to turn the power of to the business park causing as little disruption to the site and its occupants as possible. We then removed the redundant cable and replaced this with a newer, larger cable.  Finally, we made good the excavation works and relaid the tarmac to the road.
Challenges
We were needed to work out of hours to cause the minimal amount of disruption to the site alongside installing a larger cable with as little disturbance to the area.
Result
The works were completed to a satisfactory level and client was very happy.
What happened next:
Select 1 are continuing to work with the client on other projects.
Trafford House - ManchesterBackground
Trafford House is part of Southmoor Industrial Estate which is a prestigious set of buildings that are currently undergoing a large scope of investment and refurbishment. Southmoor Industrial Estate is a fully secure mixed-use site and is home to over 275,000 sq ft of industrial and distribution accommodation, together with two standalone office buildings, Southmoor House (36,000 sq ft) and Trafford House (23,000 sq ft).
Job Spec
Having looked after the business parks access control systems for the vehicle entrance barriers and Southmoor house (the sites largest and flagship three story office building) for some time, Select 1 were invited to undertake the extension of the access control system across the estate into the newly refurbished premises.
Challenges
As the buildings were occupied with staff going about their daily work, Select 1 were required to work around them with as little disturbance as possible.
Result
Trafford house has been delightfully refurbished in to a luxurious new five office suite building with an art deco theme. Access control has now been added throughout the building to cover 16 doors employing a wireless bridge to link the system to the rest of the estate. A digital GSM audio intercom has also been provided to the main front doors. Registered system users can now access multiple estate buildings and the main vehicle entrance and exit barriers from a single core system. This makes movement around the park much easier for all tenants.
What happened next
Select 1 have been asked to quote for further works.
Tweed House Vets - Yeadon & PudseyBackground
Tweed House Veterinary Surgery is a family-run company, which aims to provide comprehensive small animal veterinary care to the communities of North-West Leeds and the surrounding areas.
Job Spec
Covering both sites, Select 1 were asked to fit a new comprehensive alarm system and the installation of a new CCTV system after they were targeted by thieves to steal medicine.
Select 1 were then asked to carry out an Electrical Safety Inspection Report (ECIR) on the building on behalf of their insurance company. This then led to various remedial works and finally installing modern Emergency Lighting.
Challenges
As the practices carry out day surgeries it was imperative that we were able to work around their busy schedule to complete the works required with minimal disruption to the day to day running of the practices.
Result
The premises are now fully secured and operational, which allowed the business to function and continue with all the correct Health & Safety requirements in place.
What happened next
Client is now fully up and running and we return regularly to maintain the systems within their maintenance contracts.
Shred It - RainhamBackground
Shred it provide secure paper shredding and media destruction services to companies that handle highly confidential and highly sensitive information.
The business was relocating from multiple warehousing sites to one 4500m2 unit with an external yard.
Job Spec
Select 1 were commissioned to undertake the installation of a new state of the art camera system, a 17-door networked access control system covering all internal and external doors and external gates.
A 5-way video intercom controlling all the main entry and exits points was also installed, along with a fully monitored fire alarm and an extensive intruder alarm system complete with police response.
A Firefly Spark Detection System was installed to prevent a fire risk in the process of shredding and destructing sensitive information.
Challenges
The integration of the systems was our main challenge. The fire alarm had multiple integration points to the plant process and ventilation system in addition to the sprinkler system, access control and Firefly spark detection system.
As the build developed and alterations to allied linked trades systems occurred, Select 1 had to adapt the new system design during the build process, to meet these new requirements and maintain the planned schedule.
Result
The premises were secured and operational, which allowed the business to migrate from their original location with minimal disturbance to their daily operations.
What happened next…
Shred It is now up and running at their new location and we have since returned to make additions to the CCTV system and we continue to service and maintain the Fire, Access and CCTV systems.
Parkside Business Park - BarnsleyBackground
Our client was looking to reduce the cost of their 24 hour onsite security which was costing circa £100k per year.
Job Spec
As a solution to this, Select 1 provided a site wide monitored CCTV system with external detection. This involved the installation of 5 CCTV towers plus all associated groundworks, followed by the adaptation of 9 of the existing street lighting columns. This incorporated the new cameras and external detection equipment and an audio challenge speaker.
Having monitored site wide CCTV resulted in the site being monitored 24 hours a day, any intruders entering the park are picked up by the detection and live video footage is streamed to the monitoring stations where the CCTV operators communicate with the site through the audio speaker system.
Result
This has helped reduce the amount of onsite security required and provided a saving of over £50k per year.
What happened next
Select 1 also installed monitored intruder alarms with police response to the on site buildings complete with access control.
Reds True Barbecue - ManchesterReds True Barbecue
22 Lloyd Street, Manchester
Background
Reds True Barbecue opened their first restaurant in Leeds in September 2012. The Leeds restaurant has been a great success and has a huge loyal following.
After the successful installation at Reds Leeds we were asked to work with them again on their next project, Reds Manchester.
Job Spec
The job was to fit out the new restaurant in what had previously been a fish restaurant.
Working alongside the same teams of people as before and attending weekly site meetings ensured that we could work quickly and effectively in order to achieve completion by the deadline.
The job required a full electrical scheme which included all power, fixtures, fittings and accessories in the commercial kitchen, all utility lighting, feature lighting, sign lighting, a fully monitored alarm system and fire alarm.
Challenges
The Manchester restaurant was bigger than Leeds so we needed a bigger team.
Permits were required for working outside, which required a lot of liaising with the council.
The fire alarm had to be inter-linked with the rest of the main building so it was important for us to speak to the landlord and the company who installed the fire alarm in the rest of the building on a regular basis.
The look and feel required was the same as Leeds so everything had to be surface run with a large amount of cable containment. Steel table trays and steel conduit were used to give it the industrial look that Reds has.
Result
The final result was that the work was completed on time and the opening night was a roaring success. It’s set to become another popular hot spot for food and drink, this time in Manchester.
What happened next…
We continue to work with Reds and provide them with ongoing maintenance at both Leeds and Manchester.
Reds Headingley is currently underway and we are very proud and happy to be on the team again!
IC Blue - LeedsIC Blue
Neptune House, Leeds
Background
IC Blue are a single source partner for the supply of a wide range of industry and obsolete components around the world.
Having recently purchased a listed building for their new office, IC Blue asked us to provide them with all of their security and electrical requirements.
Job Spec
Initially, when the office had first been purchased we were required to make the site secure, which involved fitting CCTV and signage around the periphery of the site.
Once work began inside the building we installed a new 3 phase board, new sockets throughout and a new supply for the server. We also supplied and installed all of the equipment for the communications room.
Electrical outlets to facilitate the installation of 25 bespoke work stations for the international sales team were also fitted.
An access control system to the building was required. This included an external video entry and door access station, as well as 3 internal video handsets in the warehouse, sales office and admin office.
Finally an insurance approved police monitored alarm system was installed, which was a mandatory requirement as stipulated by the insurance company.
Challenges
As the building was listed there were restrictions as to what we could do.
Consideration had to be given to where cable runs could be placed and we had to take great care to keep it aesthetically pleasing and in-keeping with the building.
Result
The building is now an established office which has provided the owners of IC Blue and their team of employees with a secure, comfortable and modern environment to work in.
What happened next…
We continue to support IC Blue with any electrical and security related needs.
‘I used Select 1 to manage the complete overhaul of our electrics in our new building. We needed a full cable network solution in addition to security provision with CCTV. I cannot recommend them enough, communication was good and the job completed ahead of schedule. At all times we felt in capable hands and that this part of our company relocation was taken care of.’ Matthew Ward, Founder and Director IC Blue
VIEW MORE
TESTIMONIALS
Reds BBQ
Great service from planning to installation at IC Blue Ltd , looking forward to the cost savings from our new LED lighting , its brighter , better and ultra modern . Many thanks to Darran and the team
Andrew Lucas, Director IC Blue
Select is our first choice… you know you are in safe hands
Jill Dean, Practice Owner at U Dental
We are delighted with the intruder alarm system fitted by Select 1. It’s simple to use and gives us peace of mind knowing that our new office is covered by 24 hour alarm monitoring with police response.
Jon Raynes Jon Raynes - IMA Ltd- IMA Ltd
IC Blue
VIEW MORE
Testimonials
‘I used Select 1 to manage the complete overhaul of our electrics in our new building. We needed a full cable network solution in addition to security provision with CCTV. I cannot recommend them enough, communication was good and the job completed ahead of schedule. At all times we felt in capable hands and that this part of our company relocation was taken care of.’
Matthew Ward, Founder and Director IC BlueMatthew Ward – IC Blue LtdWe are delighted with the intruder alarm system fitted by Select 1. It's simple to use and gives us peace of mind knowing that our new office is covered by 24 hour alarm monitoring with police response.Jon Raynes – IMA LtdWe have used Select 1 for a number of years now for installation and maintenance of our security systems and for other work at our two sites in Leeds. They are extremely professional and give an excellent service.
The nature of our work means that I often have to ask them to work around our consulting times and we have had some very specific requests to meet certain Veterinary standards. In every case they have done their upmost to accommodate us. I can highly recommend them.Andy Price, Tweed House VetsVIEW MORE
Please send us a message
Name*
Phone*
Email*
Message*
Please tick if you would also like to be added to our database to receive marketing communications, in accordance with our Privacy Policy
Send Message
MENU CLOSE
CALL
PROJECTS
CONTACT