http://www.hbutz.com/portfolio/privacy1.htm
Your on-line privacy...
This is how I handle information I learn about you from your visit to my website. The information
I receive depends upon what you do when visiting my site.
If you visit my site to view photographs or download information:
I collect and store only the following information about you: the name of the domain from
which you access the Internet, the date and time you access my site, the Internet address of
the website from which you linked directly to my site, and which photographs and pages you request.
I use the information I collect to measure the number of visitors to the different sections of my
site, and to help make my site more useful to visitors.
If you enter the Erotic Area
When you enter the Erotic Area of my website, I collect and store your name, IP address, and
date/time of entry.
Your credit card number is not stored in any way.
If you identify yourself by sending an E-mail:
By sending an email, signing the guestbook, or leaving feedback, I collect and store your
name and email address.
This is used only to reply to personal correspondence.
You will never
be subscribed to a mailing list or have your information given to a third party.
If you are a model submitting an e-mail address and/or photograph:
Your photograph, e-mail address, phone number, and personal information will be stored locally and used to
solicit you for work e.g. modeling.
Your personal information and photograph may be sent to other
interested photographers for solicitation of work e.g. modeling.
If you wish your personal
information kept private or deleted, please make a request.
Cookies
I use cookies for website navigation, only when viewing photographs.
You may keep cookies
disabled otherwise.
All of my cookies will expire in 48 hours.
Please visit
http://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc2965.txt for
more information on cookies.
Bugs and Scripts
I use invisible gifs and scripts to log activity on some pages.
This is done anonymously,
without associating this statistical information with who you are.
Statistical information is
kept indefinitely.
Copyright 2017, Henry Butz.
For more information, suggestions, flames, or comments contact The Photomaster