http://www.genesismagazine.com/privacy.php
GENESISMAGAZINE.COM
Website
Privacy Policy
Last
Updated: December 16, 2019
MagnaBill Ltd (“Company”
or “We”)
respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through our
compliance with the practices described in this privacy policy.
This
policy describes our practices for collecting, using, maintaining,
protecting, and disclosing the personal data we may collect from you
or that you may provide when you visit our website located at
www.Genesismagazine.com
(our “Website”).
This policy applies to the personal data collected through our
Website, regardless of the country where you are located.
The
Website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins,
services, social networks, or applications. Clicking on those links
or enabling those connections may allow the third party to collect or
share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites,
and we encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you
visit.
Please
read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices
for processing and storing your personal data. By engaging with our
Website, you accept and consent to the practices described in this
policy. This policy may change from time to time (see
Changes
to our privacy policy).
Your continued engaging with our Website after any such revisions
indicates that you accept and consent to them, so please check the
policy periodically for updates.
Data
we may collect about you
Personal
data, or personal information, means any information about an
individual from which that person can be identified. It does not
include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).
We
may collect, use, store, and transfer different kinds of personal
data about you which we have grouped together as follows:
Identity
Data
includes username or similar identifier and zip code.
Contact
Data
includes email address and telephone numbers.
Financial
Data
includes payment card details. We store only very limited, if any,
Financial Data. Otherwise, all Financial Data is stored by our
payment processor, Epoch, and
you are encouraged to review its privacy policy, which is located at
https://epoch.com/legal_docs/privacy_policy.html,
and contact Epoch directly for responses to your questions.
Transaction
Data
includes details about payments from you and other details of
services you have purchased from us.
Technical
Data
includes internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser
type and version, time zone setting and location, ISP name, browser
plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, and other
technology on the devices you use to access our Website.
Profile
Data includes
your username and password, purchases made by you, your interests,
preferences, feedback, and survey responses.
Usage
Data includes
information about how you use our Website, products, and services.
Marketing
and Communications Data
includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our
third parties and your communication preferences.
We
also collect, use, and share Aggregated
Data
such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated
Data could be derived from your personal data but is not considered
personal data in law as this data will not
directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may
aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users
accessing a specific website feature. However, if we combine or
connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can
directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as
personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy
policy.
We
do not collect any Special
Categories of Personal Data
about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity,
religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation,
political opinions, trade union membership, information about your
health, and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any
information about criminal convictions and offenses.
If
you fail to provide personal data
Where
we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a
contract we have with you and you fail to provide that data when
requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are
trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with goods
or services). In this case, we may have to cancel a product or
service you have with us, but we will notify you if this is the case
at the time.
How
we collect data about you
We
use different methods to collect data from and about you including
through:
Direct
interactions.
You may give us information about you by filling in forms or by
corresponding with us by email. This includes information you
provide when you create an account on our Website; purchase a
membership; request marketing to be sent to you; request information
about our products or services; enter a competition, promotion, or
survey; give us feedback; and when you report a problem with the
Website.
Automated
technologies or interactions.
As you interact with our Website, we may automatically collect
technical data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns
as specified above. We collect this information by using cookies,
server logs, and other similar technologies (see Cookies
and automatic data collection technologies).
Third
parties or publicly available sources.
We will receive personal data about you from various third parties
as set out below:
Technical
Data from the following parties:
analytics
providers such as Google; and
search
information providers such as Google.
Contact,
Financial, and Transaction Data from providers of technical,
payment, and delivery services such as Epoch. We will not store or
collect your payment card details. That information is provided
directly to our third-party payment processors whose use of your
personal data is governed by their privacy policy. These payment
processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the
PCI Security Standards Council.
Cookies
and automatic data collection technologies
Our
Website uses cookies (small files placed on your device) or other
automatic data collection technologies to distinguish you from other
Website users. This helps us deliver a better and more personalized
service when you browse our Website. It also allows us to improve our
Website by enabling us to:
Estimate
our audience size and usage patterns.
Store
your preferences so we may customize our Website according to your
individual interests.
Speed
up your searches.
Recognize
you when you return to our Website.
You
may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate
setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting, certain
parts of our Website may become inaccessible and certain features may
not work correctly. Unless you adjust your browser settings to refuse
cookies, our system will issue them.
Third-party
use of cookies and other tracking technologies
Some
content or applications on the Website are served by third parties,
including content providers and application providers. These third
parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or
other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you
use our Website. They may associate the information collected with
your personal data or they may collect information, including
personal data, about your online activities over time and across
different websites or other online services.
We
do not control how these third-party tracking technologies operate or
how they may use the collected data. If you have any questions about
an application or other targeted content, you should contact the
responsible provider directly.
How
we use your personal data
We
use your personal data to provide you products, offer you services,
communicate with you, deliver marketing, or to conduct other business
operations, such as using data to improve and personalize your
experiences. Examples of how we may use the personal data we collect
include to:
Present
our Website and provide you with the information, products,
services, and support that you request from us.
Meet
our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts
with you, including for billing and payment processing purposes or
complying with legal requirements.
Fulfill
the purposes for which you provided the data or that were described
when it was collected.
Notify
you about changes to our Website, products, or services.
Ensure
that we present our Website content in the most effective manner for
you and for your computer.
Administer
our Website and conduct internal operations, including for
troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical, and
survey purposes.
Improve
our Website, products or services, marketing, or customer
relationships and experiences.
Protect
our Website, employees, or operations.
Make
suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of our
Website about goods or services that may interest you or them.
We
may also use personal data to contact you about our own and
third-parties’ goods and services that may be of interest to
you. If you do not want us to use your data in this way, please
adjust your user preferences in your account profile. For more
information, see Your
personal data use choices.
We
may use nonpersonal data for any business purpose.
Disclosure
of your personal data
We
may share your personal data with:
Any
member of our corporate group, which means our subsidiaries, our
ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, and affiliates.
Business
partners, suppliers, service providers, subcontractors, and other
third parties we use to support our business (such as analytics and
search engine providers that assist us with Website improvement and
optimization, third-party payment gateways and fraud prevention
services to process purchases, and third-party identity verification
services to verify your identity and age if you are an affiliate).
For example, we use Google Analytics to help us understand how our
customers use our Website (you can read more about how Google uses
your personal data here).
You can also optout of Google Analytics here.
We contractually require these third parties to keep that personal
data confidential and use it only for the contracted purposes.
We
may also disclose your personal data to third parties:
If
we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose
your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of that
business or those assets.
To
a buyer or other successor in the event of merger, divestiture,
restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or
transfer of some or all our assets, whether as a going concern or as
part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, where one of
the transferred assets is the personal data we hold.
To
comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including
responding to any government or regulatory request.
To
enforce or apply our Terms-of-Service
Agreement
and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.
To
protect the rights, property, or safety of our business, our
employees, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging
information with other companies and organizations for the purposes
of cybersecurity, fraud protection, and credit risk reduction.
We
may share nonpersonal data without restriction.
Cross-border
data transfers
We
are based in the United States of America. For operational reasons we
may process, store, and transfer the personal data we collect, in and
to a country outside your own, with different privacy laws that may
or may not be as comprehensive as your own. Where we do so, and where
we are required to under local law, we will put in place appropriate
mechanisms to ensure that your personal data receives an adequate
level of protection where it is processed.
Residents
of Canada are notified that the personal data they provide to us is
stored in our databases outside of Canada, including in the United
States, and may be subject to disclosure to authorized law
enforcement or government agencies in response to a lawful demand
under the laws of that country. You have the right to complain about
our personal data handling practices. You may visit www.priv.gc.ca
for more information about your privacy rights.
If
you reside in the European Economic Area (EEA) or the United Kingdom
(UK), your personal data may be processed outside of the EEA or UK,
including, for example, in the United States, so processing of your
personal data will involve a transfer of data outside the EEA or UK.
Please
note that we have elected to not participate in the EU–U.S. or
the Swiss—U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks.
Nevertheless, whenever we transfer your personal data out of the EEA
or UK, we will use reasonable efforts to ensure a similar degree of
protection is afforded to it by ensuring that the recipient third
party agrees to contractual clauses or other appropriate safeguards.
Please
contact us if you want further information on the specific mechanism
used by us when transferring your personal data out of the EEA or UK.
If
you are not located in the EEA or the UK, by submitting your personal
data or engaging with our platform, you consent to this transfer,
storing, or processing.
Your
personal data use choices
We
strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data
uses, particularly around marketing and advertising. We have
established the following personal data control mechanisms:
Promotional
offers from the Company.
If you do not want us to use your Contact Data to promote our own
products and services you can opt out by logging into the Website
and checking or unchecking the relevant boxes to adjust your account
profile’s user preferences or by sending us an email with your
request to Contact Email.
You may also opt out of further marketing communications by replying
to any promotional email we have sent you or following the opt out
links on that message. This opt out does not apply to information
provided to the Company as a result of a product purchase, product
service experience, or other transactions.
Tracking
technologies and advertising.
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or
to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or
refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this Website may
become inaccessible or not function properly. For more information
about the cookies we use, please see Cookies
and automatic data collection technologies.
Our
Website may, from time to time, contain links to and from the
websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates, or
plug-ins enabling third-party features. If you follow a link to any
third-party website or engage a third-party plug-in, please note that
these third parties have their own privacy policies and we do not
accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please
check these policies before you submit any personal data to these
third parties.
Accessing
and correcting your personal data
You
can access, review, and change your personal data by logging into the
Website and visiting your account profile page.
You
may also send us an email at Contact Email
to request access to, correct, or delete any personal data that you
have provided to us. In some cases, we cannot delete your personal
data except by also deleting your user account. We may not
accommodate a request to change data if we believe the change would
violate any law or legal requirement or negatively affect the data’s
accuracy.
Data
security
The
security of your personal data is very important to us. We use
physical, electronic, and administrative safeguards designed to
protect your personal data from loss, misuse, and unauthorized
access, use, alteration, or disclosure. We store all personal data
you provide to use behind firewalls on servers employing security
protections. We encrypt all personal data that we collect from you.
The
safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we
have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to
certain parts of our Website, you are responsible for keeping this
password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with
anyone. We urge you to take care when providing information in public
areas of the Website like live chats, which any Website visitor can
view.
Unfortunately,
the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely
secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal data, we
cannot guarantee the security of your personal data transmitted to
our Website. Any transmission of personal data is at your own risk.
We are not responsible for the circumvention of any privacy settings
or security measures contained on the Website.
Data
retention
How
long will you use my personal data for?
We
will only retain your personal data for as long as reasonably
necessary to fulfill the purposes we collected it for, including for
the purposes of satisfying any legal, regulatory, tax, accounting, or
reporting requirements. We may retain your personal data for a longer
period in the event of a complaint or if we reasonably believe there
is a prospect of litigation in respect to our relationship with you.
To
determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we
consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data,
the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of
your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal
data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means,
and the applicable legal, regulatory, tax, accounting, or other
requirements.
By
law we have to keep basic information about our customers (including
Contact, Identity, Financial, and Transaction Data) for seven years
after they stop being customers for tax purposes.
In
some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data: see Accessing
and correcting your personal data.
In
some circumstances we will anonymize your personal data (so that it
can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical
purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely
without further notice to you.
Children’s
online privacy
We
do not direct our Website to minors and we do not knowingly collect
personal data from individuals under 18-years old. If we learn we
have mistakenly or unintentionally collected or received personal
data from an individual under 18-years old, we will delete it. If you
believe we mistakenly or unintentionally collected data from or about
an individual under 18-years old, please contact us at
Contact Email.
Do
Not Track policy
Do
Not Track (“DNT”) is a privacy preference that you can
set in your browser. DNT is a way for you to inform websites and
services that you do not want certain information about your webpage
visits collected over time and across websites or online services. We
are committed to providing you with meaningful choices about the
information it collects and that is why we provide you the ability to
opt out. But we do not recognize or respond to any DNT signals as the
Internet industry works toward defining exactly what DNT means, what
it means to comply with DNT, and a common approach to responding to
DNT. For more information about DNT, visit www.allaboutdnt.com.
Your
California privacy rights
If
you are a California resident, California law may provide you with
additional rights regarding our use of your personal data. To learn
more about your California privacy rights, visit Notice for California Residents.
California’s
“Shine the Light” law (Civil Code Section 1798.83)
permits our users who are California residents to request certain
information regarding our disclosure of personal data to third
parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make that request,
please send an email to Contact Email.
Further,
if you are a California resident and would like to opt out from the
disclosure of your personal data to any third party for direct
marketing purposes, please send an email to
Contact Email.
If you opt out from permitting your personal data to be shared, you
may still receive selected offers directly from us in accordance with
California law.
Your
Nevada privacy rights
Nevada
residents who wish to exercise their sale opt-out rights under Nevada
Revised Statutes Chapter 603A may submit a request to this designated
address: Contact Email.
However, please know we do not currently sell data triggering that
statute’s opt-out requirements.
Special
terms related to the European Economic Area/United Kingdom
If
you are in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or the
United Kingdom (“UK”), the following terms apply to you.
Legal
Basis for Processing
We
may process your personal data because you have given it permission
to do so (e.g., by sending data through the Website’s contact
or order forms), because the processing is in our legitimate
interests and it is not overridden by your rights, or because the
Company needs to process your personal data to comply with the law.
Your
Rights Under the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”)
If
you want to know what personal data we hold about you, to have us
remove it, or otherwise to exercise your rights, please contact us at
Contact Email.
In some cases, you also have the following rights related to your
personal data:
The
right to access, update, or delete your personal data.
The
right to rectification—to have your information altered if it
is inaccurate or incomplete.
The
right to object to our processing of your personal data.
The
right of restriction—to request that we restrict how it
processes your personal data.
The
right to data portability—to receive a copy of the information
we have on you in a structured, machine-readable, and commonly used
format.
The
right to withdraw consent to our processing of your personal data.
The
right to complain to an EEA or a UK data protection authority (a
government agency) about our management of your personal data.
You
will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to
exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a
reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive, or
excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request
in these circumstances.
We
may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm
your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or
to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to
ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no
right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further
information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
We
try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month.
Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is
particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this
case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
Changes
to our privacy policy
We
will post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page. If
the changes materially alter how we use or treat your personal data,
we will notify you by email to the primary email address specified in
your account or through a notice on the Website home page. Please
check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy
policy.
Contact
information
Questions,
comments, and requests regarding this privacy policy and our privacy
practices are welcomed and should be addressed to
Contact Email.