http://www.manchesterlads.com/about-us/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Manchester Lads
does not track personally identifiable information accept when necessary to provide certain services:
If you choose to submit a review, contact Manchester Lads or contact an advertiser via the message facility, personally identifiable information will be collected and used in accordance with the policy set out below.
If you choose to advertise on Manchester Lads, personally identifiable information will be collected and used in accordance with the Data Protection section of the Advertiser Terms and Conditions.
Should you have any questions about the policies of Manchester Lads, please contact us.
What Information We Collect and Why
Contact and Review Facilities
What we collect:
If you choose to contact Manchester Lads, contact an advertiser via the message facility or submit a review, we may collect:
your name;
email address;
internet protocol (IP) address;
browser and platform type;
internet service provider (ISP);
date/time stamp; and
the content of your message.
Using any of these facilities is optional.
Why we collect it:
This information is used to:
administer your request;
monitor website performance;
improve the usefulness and effectiveness of the website; and
prevent abuse.
Cookies
What a cookie is:
A cookie is a small piece of data temporarily stored on your computer in order to identify you as you navigate through a website. Cookies from Manchester Lads are not connected to personally identifiable information. This website uses a mixture of session ID cookies, which are deleted once you close your browser, and persistent cookies, which typically remain on your computer for 12 months.
Why we use cookies:
Cookies are used to track the use of this website. However, information is only used in aggregate form and behaviour is not linked to individual users or correlated in any way with personally identifiable information. Cookies are used to:
administer the website;
monitor website performance;
improve the usefulness and effectiveness of the website; and
measure the performance of marketing partners.
If you wish to disable the use of cookies, you may do so within your browser's (the software you use to view the internet) settings. Be aware however, that some websites may not function properly if you refuse to accept cookies.
Web Server Log Files
What we collect:
Like most websites, Manchester Lads uses web server log files to collect information such as:
internet protocol (IP) addresses;
browser and platform type;
internet service provider (ISP);
date/time stamps;
referring/exit pages;
other page tracking; and
search engine terms.
Why we collect it:
Manchester Lads uses log file information only in aggregate form and does not link behaviour to individual users or correlate it in any way with personally identifiable information. The information is used:
to administer the website;
to monitor website performance;
to improve the usefulness and effectiveness of the website; and
to measure the performance of marketing partners.
Sharing of Information
Manchester Lads takes the privacy of its users very seriously and does not share your information with any third party unless:
you have given express consent to Manchester Lads to do so;
there are reasonable grounds to believe that disclosure is necessary to prevent harm to a person(s);
the disclosure is required by law or reasonably necessary to enforce the law; or
the information is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of a legal claim.
Links to Other Websites
This website contains links to other websites. Please be aware that Manchester Lads does not control and, therefore, is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of other websites.
Security
Manchester Lads takes the security of your personal information extremely seriously and employs industry standard security measures to protect stored information. The information you provide through the contact and review facilities is not encrypted during transit, as no sensitive information is requested. Offline information is protected and is only accessible by authorised personnel for whom it is necessary to access such information.
Manchester Lads cannot accept liability for any breach of security forced upon us by wanton criminal act.
Notification of Changes
Manchester Lads may decide to change this privacy policy from time to time. When changes occur, they will be posted on this page so that you are always aware of the information Manchester Lads collects and how it is used. Information will be used in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected unless otherwise permitted by you.
About Us
About Us
Complaints Policy
Privacy Policy
Copyright Notice
Contact Us
Shop
Sex Shop
Underwear
Entertainment
Live Webcam Shows
British Amateurs
European Twinks
UK Muscle
American Porn Stars
Website Links
UK and World Escort Links
Escort Resources
Links
About Us
Advertise
My Account
Advertising Terms
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manchester Lads
Web Thirst Limited
137 Arthur Millwood Court
Rodney Street
SALFORD M3 5HT