http://www.nightcharm.com/policy
Skip to main content
Main menuWatchReadFollowJoinMembers
Privacy Statement
NightCharm.com is responsibly dedicated to maintaining your privacy and confidentiality at all times. All information we collect from you is done with your knowledge and acceptance. Email addresses (and any other contact information you may supply) are used for notification purposes regarding our website and any updates pertinent to our website. Any information we collect is considered confidential will NOT be shared, sold, or transferred to any other entity or organization for any purpose.
Security
128 bit SSL encryption technology is used on secure, high encryption credit card processing servers to process credit card transactions. This means that your credit card information cannot be stolen, hacked or anything else. It is 100% safe.
The Information Collected by our web servers is for security of our servers only. By default, our web server logs all access to the server to include, IP address, referring url and hacking attempts. This information is not personal information but rather general information as your internet service provider is the only one who can match an IP address to a actual person.
Return Policy
Customer Satisfaction is our goal! If you experience any difficulty with a product or service purchased on our site, please contact Customer Service for assistance.
If we are unable to resolve the matter, we will offer a product substitution, replacement or refund, on a case by case basis, depending on the circumstances of the situation.
Note that videos purchased in the American Muscle Hunks store for download are non-refundable - please make your purchase carefully.
Terms and Conditions
NightCharm.com (the Service) is owned and operated by GunzBlazing Inc. These Terms and Conditions constitute a legally binding Agreement (the Agreement) between GunzBlazing Inc and anyone who wishes to become a Subscriber to the Service (the Subscriber).
Subscribers agree:
To be bound by each and all provision in this Agreement; that this Agreement may be modified or amended by GunzBlazing Inc and changes are effective upon notice to each Subscriber. Notices may be given to Subscribers via email or posting on the Service.
That they are over the age of 18 (21 in some jurisdictions). Subscribers hereby swear under oath, warrants and represents that he/she is over the age of 18 and has the legal capacity to enter into this agreement. GunzBlazing Inc makes no representation that content published in this site is within the laws of a Subscriber's jurisdiction and that he/she is solely responsible for knowledge of laws concerning content standards for purposes of obscenity laws. Subscribers hereby acknowledge that materials presented from the Service are sexually explicit and include visual, audio and textual depictions of homosexual situations, that you are familiar with such materials and will not be offended by them.
That all materials contained in the Service are proprietary and constitute valuable intellectual property. As such, Subscribers may only access, view, download, receive and otherwise use the materials available in the Service only as authorized by the GunzBlazing Inc. The Subscriber agrees that at no time will he/she access, view, download, receive or otherwise use, or cause or enable others to access, view, download, receive or otherwise use materials, directly or indirectly in places which GunzBlazing Inc does not authorize such access, viewing, downloading, receipt or other use. The Subscribers hereby acknowledges and agree that no materials from any parts of the Service are authorized, and no materials are intended, by the GunzBlazing Inc to be accessed, viewed, downloaded or used by, or transmitted, broadcast or otherwise disseminated to any person or entity located in any and all areas prohibited by law. The Subscriber agrees that any and all unauthorized access, viewing, downloading, receipt, duplication or other use of materials from the Service, in which he/she is directly or indirectly involved, including, but not limited to accessing, viewing, downloading, receiving or other use of materials in PROHIBITED AREAS in any manner shall constitute intentional infringement(s) of the Service and potentially other's intellectual property rights and other rights in such materials and shall further constitute a violation of GunzBlazing Inc’s trademark and other rights, including, but not limited to, rights of privacy.
To be personally liable and fully indemnify GunzBlazing Inc for any and all damages directly, indirectly and/or consequentially resulting from my attempted or actual unauthorized downloading or other duplication of materials from the Service alone, or with or under the authority of, any other person(s), including, without limitation, any governmental agency(ies), wherein such damages include, without limitation, all direct and consequential damages directly or indirectly resulting from unauthorized downloading of materials from the Service including, but not limited to, damages resulting from loss of revenue, loss of property, fines, attorney's fees and costs, including, without limitation, damages resulting from prosecution and/or governmentally imposed seizure(s), forfeiture(s), and/or injunction(s).
To be charged a subscription fee for the Service as specified in the sign-up page for the Service and to pay his/her subscription fee by credit card or another approved payment mechanism for the ongoing duration of the Service. The Subscriber agrees for GunzBlazing Inc to charge the Subscribers credit card.
To immediately inform GunzBlazing Inc of any changes of the Subscribers credit card account including: Credit Card loss or theft, unauthorized use of the card or breach of card security mechanisms that may result in unauthorized use of the card to access the Service. The Subscriber will remain liable to GunzBlazing Inc for unauthorized use of the Service unless GunzBlazing Inc has been informed in writing of the credit cards misuse.
Subscription to the Service will automatically renew for the original term upon expiration of the term unless the subscription has been cancelled by completing the necessary online process.
Subscriptions may be cancelled by GunzBlazing Inc at any time with notifications occurring by email, phone or mail.
Subscribers are totally responsible for the provision of their own computer equipment and communications connectivity.
GunzBlazing Inc will provide the Subscriber with an unique ID and password which is proprietary, confidential and remains the property of GunzBlazing Inc. It is non-transferable and must not be provided to any other person. Disclosure of Passwords to any other person constitutes a breach of this agreement and a violation of law. Each User Name may only be accessed from 2 different computers within a 24 hour period.
Under no circumstances shall GunzBlazing Inc or any of its affiliate companies be liable for any form of damages resulting from use or inability to use the Service. The Subscriber also agrees that GunzBlazing Inc and its affiliate companies will not be held liable for any offensive, illegal, destructive or defamatory conduct of any user. Any liability of GunzBlazing Inc including without limitation any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, communications line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, alteration of, or use of records, whether for breach of contract, tortuous behaviour, negligence, or under any other cause or action, shall be strictly limited to the amount of membership fee paid by or on behalf of the Subscriber to Company for the preceding month.
GunzBlazing Inc MAKES NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS AS TO THE INFORMATION, SERVICES OR PRODUCTS PROVIDED THROUGH OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICE. SUBSCRIBER'S USE OF THE SERVICE IS AT HIS/HER OWN RISK. GunzBlazing Inc, NOR ANY PARTY INVOLVED IN CREATING, PRODUCING, OR DELIVERING THE SERVICE OR CONTENT, IS LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO, USE OF, OR INTERPRETATION OF, THE SERVICE OR PRODUCTS OR SERVICES OR INFORMATION PROVIDED BY OR THROUGH THE SERVICE. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, GunzBlazing Inc MAKES NO WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE, OR NON- RESULTS OF THE USE OF THE CONTENT IN TERMS OF THEIR CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY, TIMELINESS, RELIABILITY OR OTHERWISE.
The Service is for non-commercial, private use only. Any other use is prohibited.
The Service enables Subscribers to share information/data relating to content from the Service with email recipients specified by the Subscriber. The Subscriber agrees to indemnify GunzBlazing Inc for any liability or damages associated with the Subscribers nominated email recipients or the ongoing recipients resulting from the Subscribers direct email recipients and accepts financial responsibility for any consequences that may result from using this function of the Service.
To indemnify and hold harmless GunzBlazing Inc officers, directors, managers, members, agents and employees from any claims, losses, liabilities or expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees) arising out of Subscriber's breach of any term, condition or promise contained herein.
Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, GunzBlazing Inc hereby grants the Subscriber a limited, non-exclusive and non-transferable license to use graphic files, audio files, video files, text, hyperlinks, interlinks, search engines, and other software associated with authorized Subscriber use of the Service which GunzBlazing Inc provides ("Materials") during the period in which you are a current Subscriber in good standing. Subscribers may use the Materials only in accordance with the terms and conditions of your membership, only on one computer at a time and, if downloadable copies of the Materials are made available within the Service, only a single copy of such Materials for personal use and enjoyment. Subscribers may not remove any propriety notices from Materials at any time. Subscribers may make no use of Materials not expressly authorized herein or by prior express written authorization from GunzBlazing Inc. Prohibited uses, include, without limitation: (1) permitting other individuals to directly or indirectly use the Materials; (2) modifying, translating, reverse engineering, decompiling, disassembling the Materials (except to the extent applicable laws specifically prohibit such restriction); (3) making copies or creating derivative works based on the Materials except as provided herein; (4) renting, leasing, or transferring any rights in the Materials; (5) removing any proprietary notices or labels on the Materials; and (6) making any other use of the Materials. This license does not grant the Subscriber any rights to any software enhancements or updates of any kind.
You agree that Materials and all other Services provided to you by GunzBlazing Inc are provided on an "AS IS" basis, without warranties of any kind, including without limitation the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. The entire risk as to the quality and performance of the Materials and all Services provided by Company is borne by the Subscriber. Should the Materials or any other Service provided by GunzBlazing Inc prove defective and/or cause any damage to the Subscribers computer or inconvenience to you, you, and not GunzBlazing Inc, assume the entire cost and all damages which may result from any and all such defects. This disclaimer of warranty constitutes an essential part of the Agreement. Under no circumstances and under no cause of action or legal theory, shall GunzBlazing Inc, its suppliers, licensees, resellers, affiliates or other Subscribers, or their suppliers, licensees, resellers or Subscribers be liable to the Subscriber or any other person for any indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages of any character including, without limitation, damages for loss goodwill, work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all other commercial damages resulting from any use of Materials or other use of GunzBlazing Inc.
GunzBlazing Inc does not screen or endorse advertisements or communications submitted to the Service by third-party licensees, advertisers, or Subscribers for electronic dissemination through the Service. Subscribers are therefore advised to use their own judgment to evaluate all advertisements and other communications available at or through the use of the Service prior to purchasing goods and/or Services described at the Service or otherwise responding to any communication in the Service.
NightCharm.com is a Service mark of GunzBlazing Inc. All rights are reserved.
Notices from GunzBlazing Inc to Subscribers may be given by means of e-mail, by general posting on the Service, or by conventional mail or telephone. Communications from you to GunzBlazing Inc may be made by e-mail. All questions, complaints, or notices to GunzBlazing Inc may be sent to cocked@gunzblazing.com.
YOU HEREBY AFFIRM THAT YOU HAVE READ THIS ENTIRE AGREEMENT AND AGREE TO ALL ITS TERMS AND CONDITIONS BY CLICKING WHERE INDICATED BELOW AND BY AUTHORIZING THE USE OF YOUR CREDIT CARD FOR PAYMENT OF CHARGES AND FEES FOR YOUR OBTAINING A SUBSCRIPTION TO NIGHTCHARM.COM
BUY PURCHASING A SUBSCRIPTION TO NIGHTCHARM.COM YOU INDICATE THAT YOU HAVE READ THE MEMBERSHIP AGREEMENT IN ITS ENTIRETY, UNDERSTAND ITS TERMS, CONSENT TO ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN THE MEMBERSHIP AGREEMENT, REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU ARE CURRENTLY OVER THE AGE OF 18 YEARS AND UNDERSTAND THAT MATERIALS PRESENTED AT NIGHTCHARM.COM INCLUDE NUDITY, VISUAL AND AUDIO PRESENTATIONS OF SEXUAL SITUATIONS AND ADULT LANGUAGE.