https://www.avsubmitter.com/terms/
Terms & ConditionsYou are here: Home1 / Terms & ConditionsADVANCED VIDEO SUBMITTERTerms and Conditions | Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
By downloading, installing, copying, accessing or using this website and/or our software products, you agree to the terms and conditions listed below. If you are accepting these terms on behalf of another person or company or other legal entity, you represent and warrant that, you have full authority to bind that person, company or legal entity to these terms.
1. GENERAL TERMS OF SERVICE
Welcome to Advanced Video Submitter. Before downloading and installing any of our products, or using any of our services provided to you by Advanced Video Submitter through the avsubmitter.com, advancedsubmitter.com, advancedvideosubmitter.com, avs.adult, uploadpass.com websites, you must first read and agree with the terms and conditions listed below.
Products and services offered by “Advanced Video Submitter“ and the avsubmitter.com, advancedsubmitter.com, advancedvideosubmitter.com, avs.adult, uploadpass.com websites, (hereinafter referred to as ”AVS”, “AVSubmitter” or “Advanced Video Submitter” ) are: AVS Adult (hereinafter referred to as “AVS Adult”, “Software”, “software”, “Product”, “product”, “Service”, “service”), AVS Tube (referred to as “AVS Tube”, “Software”, “software”, “Product”, “product”, “Service”, “service”), AVS Cloud (hereinafter referred to as “AVS Cloud”, “Product”, “product”, “Service, “service”, “Upload Service”) and Upload Pass (hereinafter referred to as, “Product”, “product”, “Service, “service”, “Upload Service”, “Mass Video Upload Service”, “Mass Video Submission Service”, “Video Submission Service”).
Your use of the “Product” is subject to these Terms of Service (hereinafter referred to as “TOS”, ToS”, “TC”, “T&C” or “EULA”). AVS reserves the right to update and change the TOS without any prior notification or acceptance by you. The TOS will also be applicable to the use of the Product or Service on a paid, free or trial basis. By using our Product or Service, you signify your irrevocable acceptance of this TOS.
The legal use of license is when any product and/or service from avsubmitter.com, advancedsubmitter.com, advancedvideosubmitter.com, avs.adult, uploadpass.com websites or any other AVS website is lawfully purchased. The user is allowed to install and use a single copy of the product, only on a single personal computer, workstation, or server. Within any such copy, you must reproduce the copyright notices and any other proprietary legends that were on the original downloaded copy of the product. No license, right or interest in any trademark, trade name or service mark of Advanced Video Submitter or any third party is granted under this license.
You agree that you have read and understood all of the terms and conditions below. You agree that you have not been forced in any way to receive any information supplied by AVS and agree to free AVS any liability caused from downloading, installing and using any of the products or following any instructions provided. You agree that the AVS is not liable for any damage, or inconvenience that may be caused by installing, using, downloading products, or following instructions provided by the constructors of this website and by the developer of all products and services offered on avsubmitter.com, advancedsubmitter.com, advancedvideosubmitter.com, avs.adult, uploadpass.com websites or any other sites provided by AVS.
You agree that you will NOT distribute the information, and or data in the form of downloaded products provided by AVS for any purpose. You agree that any distribution without prior authorization will result in compensating the AVS the cost of one subscription per each party/person distributed to, whether sold or given away. You agree that AVS is in no way responsible for any technical support. You agree that the AVS is in no way liable for any income loss, by following the instructions provided in the product or on the AVS website. You agree that all products from AVS are the property of Advanced Video Submitter and will never be shared, distributed, in any forms whatsoever, without strict written prior permission from AVS.
2. DESCRIPTION OF PRODUCT(S) / SERVICE(S)
AVS products or services will upload your video(s) (referred to as “Content” or “Video”) to selected publisher websites illustrated on Advanced Video Submitter products and or website(s). A current list of available publishers is available in the AVS Product as well upon request. All video publishing is subject to the applicable terms and conditions of the chosen video publisher(s), and you agree to be bound by such terms and conditions. Those terms are available on the respective publisher(s) websites.
Advanced Video Submitter provides users with access to additional high-speed upload services (“AVS Cloud”). AVS Cloud will be subject to the terms and conditions of the AVS Cloud Services Addendum to these TOS.
Any new features that augment or enhance the current Product, including the release of new tools and resources, shall be subject to the TOS. In order to use our products, you must obtain access to the World Wide Web, either directly or through devices that access web-based content, and pay any service fees associated with such access. In addition, you must provide all equipment necessary to make such connection to the World Wide Web, including a computer and modem or other access device.
You also understand and agree that the Product may include advertisements and that these advertisements are necessary for AVS to provide their product and/or service. You also understand and agree that our products and/or services may include certain communications from Advanced Video Submitter, such as service announcements, administrative messages and the AVS newsletter, and that these communications are considered part of your free, trial or paid membership. By using any AVS products and services that are provided to you as free (free of charge, without any payment due), as a trial (limited time) or upon the expiration of your paid license, you irrevocably agree to allow AVS to use your computer and/or server CPU time (process time) and processing power, which AVS can use as as deemed fit. You agree not to access AVS products by any means, other than through the interfaces that are provided by AVS for use in accessing the product or services.
3. AVS CLOUD UPLOAD SERVICE
For additional fees Advanced Video Submitter may provide users access to a high-speed upload/content distribution service (“AVS Cloud”), using AVS own operated and/or leased servers. In order to use the AVS Cloud upload service, the user must purchase “Token” packages from the Advanced Video Submitter website(s). The purchased tokens will be credited, to the users “User Account”. When transmitting/uploading Content using any of Advanced Video Submitter’s products and the Content is being transmitted/uploaded using Advanced Video Submitter AVS Cloud video distribution service, 1 (one) Upload Token will be deducted from the user’s account balance for each video being transmitted/uploaded using AVS Cloud services.
Each AVS Cloud service user will be granted 500MB of disk quota. Once the allocated quota has been exceeded, it is the user’s obligation to free up space, by deleting any previously uploaded videos. The uploaded Content is stored on our server(s), until the user decides to remove (deleted) the submit sessions from the AVS software, or until the user’s license has expired.
AVS Cloud is an additional video distribution service offered by Advanced Video Submitter and can be used ONLY with the “PREMIUM” version of either AVS Adult and/or AVS Tubes, for which the user is required to additionally purchase a license. AVS Cloud service is not available and cannot be used with FREE, TRIAL and PROFESSIONAL (PRO) versions of our products. Customers using the AVS Cloud upload service will share the service IP address with other AVS Cloud customers.
SUBMITTED CONTENT – Advanced Video Submitter hereby disclaims ownership of the Content you transmit via its products and/or services. By submitting Content to Advanced Video Submitter, in order to utilize the Product or Service, you grant AVS a worldwide, royalty-free, and non-exclusive license to reproduce, modify, adapt and publish the Content solely for the purpose of transmitting the Content to the publisher(s) on your behalf and tracking said Content as described above.
This license exists only for as long as you continue to maintain an active User Account with Advanced Video Submitter and shall be terminated at the time your User Account is closed. You acknowledge that AVS does not pre-screens Content, but that AVS shall have the right (but not the obligation) in its sole discretion to refuse or remove any Content that is being transmitted via its products and/or services. Without limiting the foregoing, Advanced Video Submitter reserves the right to refuse any Content that violates the TOS or is otherwise objectionable. You agree that you must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with, the use of any Content, including any reliance on the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of such Content.
4. SOFTWARE AND DATABASE
You agree that by using and purchasing any of our products and/or services, with included/remote database, you do not have ownership rights of the database. You are merely in a lease agreement with Advanced Video Submitter now and forever, and you are allowed to use any of our products database only while being an active subscribed member.
The database, which is part of AVS Adult and/or AVS Tube, or any other AVS product installation, remains exclusive ownership of Advanced Video Submitter, therefore any manipulation, use of database content, spread or back engineering is deemed as a gross violation the license agreement and TOS. AVS has the right for cancellation and termination of all agreements and contracts with a user or distributor. The database, which is a part of our products, should be used only with a purchase legal license and only for such a period, you have paid for or have been granted a trial or free legal license.
AVS reserves the right to update only the databases for the most recent versions of the products it offers and it agrees to provide to their users the possibility to upgrade the older versions to the most recent ones. The pre-paid right to database update which is included in the purchased license is automatically transferred to a new version when such new version is published.
5. USAGE POLICY AND REGISTRATION
In order to use any of our products or services, you must have a valid AVS User Account (“username and password”). In order to use AVS Adult, you truly declare that you are at least 18 years of age or older (21 years old in certain states and countries) and must have the legal right to view and/or possess adult materials in your community. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your AVS User Account, and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your User Account. All AVS user accounts are non-exclusive and non-transferable.
You agree to (a) immediately notify Advanced Video Submitter of any unauthorized use of your User Account or any other breach of security, and (b) ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. AVS cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with this section.
6. CONTENT, CONDUCT RULES AND OBLIGATIONS
You understand that all information, data, text, software, music, sound, photographs, graphics, video, messages, goods, products, services or other materials (“Content”) are the sole responsibility of the person from which the content originated. This means that only YOU, and not Advanced Video Submitter, are entirely responsible for all Content that you upload, post, transmit, or otherwise make available via our products and services. Advanced Video Submitter does not control the Content posted/uploaded/transmitted via our products and service and as such, does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of such Content.
Under no circumstances, Advanced Video Submitter will be liable in any way for the uploaded/transmitted Content, including, but not limited to, for any errors or omissions in any Content, or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any Content posted, transmitted or otherwise made available via AVS products and services.
You acknowledge that AVS does not pre-screens the Content, but that AVS shall have the right (but not the obligation) in its sole discretion to refuse and stop the Content being transmitted/uploaded via AVS products and services. You agree that you must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with, the use of any Content, including any reliance on the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of such Content.
You understand that the technical processing and transmission of our products and services, including your Content, may involve (a) transmissions over various networks; and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices.
Should Content be found or reported to be in violation of, but not limited to, the following terms, it will be in Advanced Video Submitter sole discretion as to what action should be taken.
You agree that you will not:
6.1. upload, post, transmit or otherwise make available any Content that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortuous, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, invasive of another’s privacy (including, but not limited to, any address, e-mail, phone number, or any other contact information without the consent of the owner of such information), hateful, or racially, ethnically, or otherwise objectionable;
6.2. Harm minors in any way;
6.3. Upload, post or otherwise transmit any Content that you do not have a right to transmit under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships (such as inside information, proprietary and confidential information learned or disclosed as part of employment relationships or under nondisclosure agreements);
6.4. upload, post or otherwise transmit any Content that infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, rights of privacy or publicity, or any other proprietary rights of any party;
6.5. Upload post or transmit unsolicited commercial email or “spam”. This includes unethical marketing, advertising, or any other practice that is in any way connected with “spam”, such as (a) sending mass email to recipients who haven’t requested email from you or with a fake return address, (b) promoting a site with inappropriate links, titles, descriptions, or (c) promoting your Content by posting multiple submissions in public forums that are identical. Also defined as “spam” are any videos that a reasonable person would consider to be a fraud, such as cash gifting, multi-level marketing, or phishing. Further, “spam” can include any content that AVS deems not entertaining or informative;
6.6 upload, post or otherwise transmit any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment;
6.7. Interfere with or disrupt the Product or servers or networks connected to the Product, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the Product;
6.8. intentionally or unintentionally violate any applicable local, state, national or international law, including, but not limited to, regulations promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, any rules of any national or other securities exchange, including without limitation, the New York Stock Exchange, the America Stock Exchange, or the NASDAQ, and any regulations having the force of law;
6.9. “Stalk” or otherwise harass another;
6.10. Promote or provide instructional information about illegal activities, promote physical harm or injury against any group or individual, or promote any act of cruelty to animals. This may include, without limitation, providing instructions on how to assemble bombs, grenades and other weapons or incendiary devices;
6.11. offer for sale or sell any item, good or service that (a) violates any applicable federal, state, or local law or regulation, (b) you do not have full power and authority under all relevant laws and regulations to offer and sell, including all necessary licenses and authorization, or (c) AVS determines, in its sole discretion, is inappropriate for sale through products and service provided by AVS;
6.12. Upload post or otherwise transmit commercially oriented content.
By agreeing to the TOS of Advanced Video Submitter, you are agreeing to the TOS of all the other websites, to which AVS products transmit/upload the Content. You have read and understood the respective TOS and its other restrictions or rules.
Advanced Video Submitter has a ZERO TOLERANCE policy relating to any illegal content. Child Pornography, bestiality, rape, torture, snuff, death and/or any other type of obscene and/or illegal material shall not be tolerated by Advanced Video Submitter. We shall not condone child pornography and will cooperate with all governmental agencies that seek those who produce child pornography. If you are caught uploading any illegal content using Advanced Video Submitter products and/or service, your User Account will be immediately terminated , without any prior notice.
7. DIGITAL MILLENIUM COPYRIGHT ACT
Advanced Video Submitter does NOT host any Content for purposes of viewership, so any notices of purported copyright infringement should be directed to the appropriate publisher(s) who is hosting the purported infringing work in accordance with the Terms of Use of the applicable publisher(s).
8. INTERNATIONAL USE OF PRODUCT & SERVICES
You agree to comply with all local rules regarding online conduct and acceptable Content. Specifically, you agree to comply with all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country in which you reside.
9. RE-SALE OF PRODUCTS & SERVICES
You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any portion of the Product, use of the Product, or access to the Product and/or Services without the express permission of AVS.
10. AVS AFFILIATE PROGRAM
All webmasters participating in Advanced Video Submitter’s Affiliate Program must abide by the following terms and conditions:
10.1. Advanced Video Submitter has absolutely no tolerance for affiliates who use spam to advertise our products.
10.2 Do not use any misleading information about our products.
10.3. As an affiliate you are NOT allowed to purchase any of our products using your affiliate code.
10.4. We reserve the right to cancel an affiliate account, at any time without any previous notice. Upon violation of any of the rules listed above, we reserve the right to terminate your account and to retain all unpaid affiliate commissions.
11. INDEMNITY
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Advanced Video Submitter and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, co-branders, developers or other partners, investors, and employees, from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of your transmitted/uploaded Content, your use of AVS products and services, your violation of the current TOS, or your violation of any rights of another, whether you are free, trial, paid registered user or not. The user is solely responsible for his or her actions when using our products and services.
You agree that if you share any products from avsubmitter.com, advancedsubmitter.com, advancedvideosubmitter.com, avs.adult, uploadpass.com websites or any other sites provided by AVS you will be forced to compensate Advanced Video Submitter. You agree that sharing products downloaded from avsubmitter.com, advancedsubmitter.com, advancedvideosubmitter.com, avs.adult, uploadpass.com websites or any other sites provided by AVS in any form, you are liable by law to pay a maximum fine of up to US $15000 per infringement.
You agree not to spread the AVS database, which is inseparable part of any of our software products and you are conscious of fact that all rights to these databases are held by AVS. You are aware that any manipulation, spread, use, re-engineering and re-distribution out of license range are deemed as a gross violation of license agreement and the TOS.
12. REFUNDS AND CHARGEBACK
You understand and agree that without any exception Advanced Video Submitter and the AVS website has a no refund policy. You are allowed to download and use our software products free of charge, before purchasing any of our software products.
You agree that any charge-back immediately voids any permission whatsoever to use the AVS products and their databases in any form. This includes using the software and database as a reference to create another database for either any AVS product or any other similar software or script now and forever. You agree that you cannot subscribe to the AVS product for purposes of download and use without being an active member of www.avsubmitter.com or any other sites provided by AVS.
You agree that if you chargeback or start any kind of payment dispute, you no longer have the permission to use any of the products downloaded or purchased from avsubmitter.com, advancedsubmitter.com, advancedvideosubmitter.com, avs.adult, uploadpass.com websites or any other sites provided by AVS, without the written permission of AVS. For breaching these terms, you are liable for fines determined by Advanced Video Submitter, which may amount up to US $15000.
You agree that any charge-back without a sufficient reason shall be determined, as suspicious activity, thus all details shall be included in a database, which will be available for public access to anyone wishing to obtain details on a person conducting suspicious activities.
13. GENERAL PRACTICES REGARDING USE AND STORAGE
You acknowledge that AVS may establish general practices and limits concerning use of the Product and may modify such practices and limits from time to time.
14. MODIFICATIONS TO SERVICES
Advanced Video Submitter reserves the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the product and/or service (or any portion thereof) with or without any prior notice. You agree that Advanced Video Submitter shall not be liable to you or to any third party, in any way for any modification, suspension, or discontinuance of the products or services.
15. PROPRIETARY RIGHTS
You acknowledge and agree that the Product and any necessary software used in connection with the Product (“Software”) contain proprietary and confidential information that is protected by applicable intellectual property and other laws. Except as expressly authorized in writing by AVS, you agree not to modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute or create derivative works based on the Product or the Software, in whole or in part.
AVS does not want to receive confidential or proprietary information from you through the Product or by email. Unless otherwise agreed in writing by an authorized AVS representative, any material, information or idea you transmit to AVS by any means, may be disseminated or used by AVS without compensation or liability to you for any purpose whatsoever, including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing, and marketing products. This provision shall not apply to Content (as defined herein), or to personal information that is subject to the AVS privacy policy.
16. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
You expressly understand and agree that:
16.1. Your use of the product is at your sole risk. The products are provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis. AVS expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to the implied warranties of merchant-ability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement.
16.2. AVS will make commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the products and services, however, AVS  is not responsible for any damage, loss of data, customer information or vendor data, revenue or other harm to business arising out of delays, miss-delivery or non-delivery of information or content, restriction or loss of access, bugs or other errors, unauthorized use due to your sharing of access to the products, or other interaction with the products. You are responsible for maintaining and backing-up your data and information that may reside on the products. AVS does not warrant that (I) the products will meet your specific requirements, (ii) the product will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free, (iii) the results that may be obtained from the use of the products will be accurate or reliable, (iv) the quality of the products, services, information, or other material purchased or obtained by you through the products will meet your expectations, and (v) any errors in the software will be corrected
16.3. Any material downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of the products is done at your own discretion and risk and that you will be solely responsible for any damage to your computer system or loss of data that results from the download of such material.
16.4. No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained through or from the product shall create any warranty not expressly stated in the TOS.
17. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT AVS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, DATA OR OTHER TANGIBLE LOSSES (EVEN IF AVS HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES), RESULTING FROM (i) THE USE OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE PRODUCT; (ii) THE COST OF PRODUCREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS AND SERVICES RESULTING FROM ANY GOODS, DATA, INFORMATION OR SERVICES PURCHASED OR OBTAINED OR MESSAGE RECEIVED OR TRANSACTIONS ENTERED INTO THROUGH OR FROM THE PRODUCTS; (iii) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR DATA; (iv) STATEMENTS OR CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY ON THE SERVICES; OR (v) ANY OTHER MATTER RELATING TO THE SERVICES.
18. UNACCEPTABLE USE
You agree that you will not use AVS to conduct in spam, gambling, prostitution, and otherwise illicit acts. You agree to not have more than one free/trial account. If this is abused, the provision of free accounts will not be viable and possibly shut down. Anyone that we feel is using multiple free/trial accounts will have their accounts and possibly their IP’s blacklisted with or without warning
19. ADDITIONAL TERMS
Notices to you may be made via email or regular mail. The Product may also provide notices of changes to the TOS or other matters by displaying notices or links to notices to you generally on the Product. The TOS and the relationship between you and AVS shall be governed by the laws of Romania without regard to its conflict of law provisions. The failure of AVS to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the TOS shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. The TOS, and any addenda, constitute the entire agreement between you and AVS and govern your use of the Services, superseding any prior agreements between you and AVS (including, but not limited to, any prior versions of the TOS).
You may also be subject to additional terms and conditions from the various publishers utilized in the performance of the Product. If any provisions of the TOS or incorporated documents are found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties’ intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of the TOS remain in full force and effect. You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of the Product or the TOS must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred. The section titles in the TOS are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect.
You acknowledge that this terms and conditions, in no way shall be construed to provide an express or implied license to use, modify or improve any of the content of the Software, including without limitation, or any works, inventions, discoveries, technology or other items, which are the subject matter of AVS’s Proprietary Rights or otherwise to use or exploit the Software or the Proprietary Rights in any matter not expressly permitted herein.
You agree that the above terms and conditions (“TOS”) may be changed or altered at any time without prior notice.
You agree that you have read, understood and agreed with the above Terms of Service, before using the Advanced Video Submitter website(s) and/or any of Advanced Video Submitter products and/or services.
20. THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE COMPONENTS
Advanced Video Submitter products (AVS Adult and/or AVS Tube) incorporate third-party software components. The list of the third-party software components used in the Software are listed below:
Json.NET | Website: http://james.newtonking.com/
MPlayer | Website: http://www.mplayerhq.hu/design7/news.html
ObjectListView | Website: http://objectlistview.sourceforge.net/cs/index.html
OpenPop.NET | Website: http://hpop.sourceforge.net/
OpenSSL | Website: http://www.openssl.org/
QJson | Website: http://qjson.sourceforge.net/
QT / QT Library | Website: http://qt.nokia.com/ and http://qt.nokia.com/products/library/
PRIVACY POLICY
21. PRIVACY POLICY
All data is subject to the AVS privacy policy, the terms of which are incorporated into this TOS by reference. This section details important information regarding the use and disclosure of User Data collected by Advanced Video Submitter. The security of your Data is very important to AVS and as such we take all appropriate steps to limit the risk that it may be lost, damaged or misused.
21.1 DATA COLLECTED
Users and visitors IP address will be recorded in order to ensure better functionality for our products and/or services.
a). Personal information: The following personal information is collected by Advanced Video Submitter for all users: first name (required), last name (required), username (required), password (required) and email address (required). Additional personal information, such as website URL, ICQ UIN, Skype or Yahoo Messenger may be submitted by the user on a voluntary basis when contacting our customer support or sales department.
b). Cookies: When you visit avsubmitter.com, we may send one or more cookies to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser session. www.avsubmitter.com uses both session cookies and persistent cookies. If you remove your persistent cookie, some of the site’s features may not function properly.
c). Log File Information: When you use the software and/or visit avsubmitter.com or any other sites provided by AVS, our servers automatically record certain information that your web browser sends such as your web request, IP address, browser type, browser language, referring URL, platform type, domain names and the date and time of your request.
d). E-mail and Chat Logs: If you contact us, we may keep a record of that e-mail correspondence and instant messaging chat logs.
21.2 USE OF COLLECTED DATA
Your personally identifiable information submitted to avsubmitter.com is used to provide to the user the website’s features. Your AVS username is tracked alongside the content you upload using AVS products and/or services. We do not use your email address or other personally identifiable information to send commercial or marketing messages without your consent. We may use your email address without further consent for non-marketing or administrative purposes (such as notifying you of key website changes, product upgrades and changes, database updates or for customer service purposes).
We analyze aggregated user traffic information to help streamline our marketing and hosting operations and to improve the quality of the avsubmitter.com user-experience.
21.3 DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION
If under duty to do so avsubmitter.com may release data to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce our TOS and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property or safety of avsubmitter.com or our subscribers or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations including the police and governmental authorities for the purposes of protection against fraud or any other kind of illegal activity whether or not identified in the TOS. Should you deliberately upload any illegal material using AVS products and/or services, AVS shall forward all available information to all relevant authorities and this without notice.
We do not share your personally identifiable information (such as name or email address) with other, third-party companies for their commercial or marketing use without your consent or except as part of a specific program or feature for which you will have the ability to opt-in or opt-out.
21.4 DATA SECURITY
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen a password) which enables you to access certain parts of our Site, Product and/or Services, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. Advanced Video Submitter uses commercially reasonable physical, managerial and technical safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of your personal information. We cannot, however, ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to avsubmitter.com and any other sites provided by AVS or to any third party websites by using AVS products and services. You do so at your own risk.
COOKIE POLICY
22. COOKIE POLICY
Like most websites, this one uses cookies.
Cookies are small text files stored on your computer by your browser. They’re used for many things, such as remembering whether you’ve visited the site before, so that you remain logged in – or to help us work out how many new website visitors we get each month. They contain information about the use of your computer but don’t include personal information about you (they don’t store your name, for instance).
This policy explains how cookies are used on Advanced Video Submitter websites in general – and, below, how you can control the cookies that may be used on this site (not all of them are used on every site).
22.1 ABOUT THIS COOKIE POLICY
This Cookie Policy applies to all of our websites and our mobile applications (“the Website”).
In this Cookie Policy, when we refer to any of our Websites, we mean any website or mobile application operated by or on behalf of Advanced Video Submitter or its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively “AVS”), regardless of how you access the network. This Cookie Policy forms part of and is incorporated into our Website Terms and Conditions https://www.avsubmitter.com/terms/.
By accessing the Website, you agree that this Cookie Policy will apply whenever you access the Website on any device.
Any changes to this policy will be posted here. We reserve the right to vary this Cookie Policy from time to time and such changes shall become effective as soon as they are posted. Your continued use of the Website constitutes your agreement to all such changes.
22.2 USE OF COOKIES
We may collect information automatically when you visit the Website, using cookies. The cookies allow us to identify your computer and find out details about your last visit.
You can choose, below, not to allow cookies. If you do, we can’t guarantee that your experience with the Website will be as good as if you do allow cookies.
The information collected by cookies does not personally identify you; it includes general information about your computer settings, your connection to the Internet e.g. operating system and platform, IP address, your browsing patterns and timings of browsing on the Website and your location.
Most internet browsers accept cookies automatically, but you can change the settings of your browser to erase cookies or prevent automatic acceptance if you prefer.
These links explain how you can control cookies via your browser – remember that if you turn off cookies in your browser then these settings apply to all websites not just this one:
Internet Explorer http://support.microsoft.com/kb/278835 (this page links to further information for different versions of IE – the mobile version is here).
Chrome: http://support.google.com/chrome/bin/answer.py?hl=en-GB&answer=95647
Safari: http://docs.info.apple.com/article.html?path=Safari/5.0/en/9277.html (or http://support.apple.com/kb/HT1677 for mobile versions)
Firefox: http://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/ Enabling%20and%20disabling%20cookies
Blackberries: http://docs.blackberry.com/en/smartphone_users/deliverables/ 32004/Turn_off_cookies_in_the_browser_60_1072866_11.jsp
Android: http://support.google.com/mobile/bin/answer.py?hl=en&answer=169022
Opera: http://www.opera.com/browser/tutorials/security/privacy/
22.3 COOKIE TYPES
The following types of cookie are used on this site. We don’t list every single cookie used by name – but for each type of cookie we tell you how you can control its use.
22.3.1 Personalisation cookies
These cookies are used to recognise repeat visitors to the Website and in conjunction with other information we hold to attempt to record specific browsing information (that is, about the way you arrive at the Website, pages you view, options you select, information you enter and the path you take through the Website). These are used to recommend content we think you’ll be interested in based on what you’re looked at before. You can disable our personalisation cookie when you are logged out of Facebook.
22.3.2 Analytics cookies
These monitor how visitors move around the Website and how they reached it. This is used so that we can see total (not individual) figures on which types of content users enjoy most, for instance.
You can opt out of these if you want:
Google: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
22.3.3 Third-party service cookies
Social sharing, video and other services we offer are run by other companies. These companies may drop cookies on your computer when you use them on our site or if you are already logged in to them.
Here is a list of places where you can find out more about specific services that we may use and their use of cookies:
Facebook’s data use policy: http://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/your-info-on-other
Twitter’s privacy policy: https://twitter.com/privacy
YouTube video player cookie policy: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/faq/#toc-cookies (Google’s standard terms).
22.3.4 Other ad management cookies
Advertisements on the Website are provided by other organisations. Our advertising partners will serve advertisements that they believe are most likely to be of interest to you, based on information about your visit to the Website and other websites. In order to do this, our advertising partner may need to place a cookie on your computer. These cookies hold information about the computer – they don’t hold personal information about you (ie it’s not linked to you as an individual).
Please note that turning off advertising cookies won’t mean that you are not served any advertising merely that it will not be tailored to your interests.
22.3.5 Site management cookies
These are used to maintain your identity or session on the Website. For instance, where our websites run on more than one server, we use a cookie to ensure that you are sent information by one specific server (otherwise you may log in or out unexpectedly). We may use similar cookies when you vote in opinion polls to ensure that you can only vote once, and to ensure that you can use our commenting functionality when not logged in (to ensure you don’t see comments you’ve reported as abusive, for instance, or don’t vote comments up/down more than once).
These cookies cannot be turned off individually but you could change your browser setting to refuse all cookies (see above) if you do not wish to accept them.
By downloading, installing or using any of our software products and/or services, means that you have read, understood and agreed with all the terms and conditions listed here.
Last updated: 22 September 2017
Scroll to top
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.OKLearn moreCookie and Privacy Settings
How we use cookies
We may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website.
Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change some of your preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
Essential Website Cookies
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refuseing them will have impact how our site functions. You always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. But this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site.
We fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. You are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. If you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain.
We provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. Due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. You can check these in your browser security settings.
Check to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. We need 2 cookies to store this setting. Otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab.
Click to enable/disable essential site cookies.
Google Analytics Cookies
These cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our website is being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize our website and application for you in order to enhance your experience.
If you do not want that we track your visit to our site you can disable tracking in your browser here:
Click to enable/disable Google Analytics tracking.
Other external services
We also use different external services like Google Webfonts, Google Maps, and external Video providers. Since these providers may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here. Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. Changes will take effect once you reload the page.
Google Webfont Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Webfonts.
Google Map Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Maps.
Google reCaptcha Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google reCaptcha.
Vimeo and Youtube video embeds:
Click to enable/disable video embeds.
Other cookies
The following cookies are also needed - You can choose if you want to allow them:
Click to enable/disable _ga - Google Analytics Cookie.
Click to enable/disable _gid - Google Analytics Cookie.
Click to enable/disable _gat_* - Google Analytics Cookie.
Privacy Policy
You can read about our cookies and privacy settings in detail on our Privacy Policy Page.
Terms & Conditions
Accept settingsHide notification onlyOpen Message Bar