https://www.uk-glamourgirls.com/privacy-terms.htm
UK Glamour Girls Privacy and Terms - LondonPrivacy PolicyThere has to be a strong privacy policy in practice for all the escort agencies and no exception for UK-GlamourGirls. We have structured a strong policy that takes care of the client’s interests and we always honour and try to protect the private details of both the customers and the escorts that they have shared with us voluntarily.In order to keep providing a smooth service and to possess a better insight about what are the present market demands and what the customers are actually looking for, we collect a few details from the customers and that help us to have better insight of the present service demand. Furthermore, it is very important to keep some details of the customers when they are taking the escort service from us.Below is the list of details that we generally collect from the customers and we follow the best policy to protect the details from any sort of unauthorized use.These are the details that we collectNameAddressContact numberEmailThese are some of the preliminary details that we need however, if you are taking our service, we need some more detail information such as; banking details, occupation and etc.Maintaining, Protecting and using the detailsHere at UK Glamour Girls we take the best possible care to protect the details that you have shared with us. The details are stored in our secured database and only authorized personnel have the access to it. These are collected to be used only for official purposes and these are not shared with any third party sources for any sort of promotional needs.Only the authorized persons have the access to these details. These are stored in our secured database and that is scanned on a regular basis to avoid any virus attack. Besides, the details are removed from the database after a certain period of time.We always respect the privacy of the escorts and the customers and have always been trying to provide the best policy to protect the details.Terms & ConditionsThe revised Terms 7 Conditions of UK Glamour Girl balance well with the Privacy Policy. We welcome all the visitors at our website. Before start browsing our website please go through the Terms carefully for experiencing a hassle-free browsing. You have to obey those terms while browsing our website.The contents and the details of the escorts are provided as received. There may have differences in reality and we shall not be remained responsible for any misunderstanding. We are not liable for any kind of inaccuracy in the content if found. Many of the contents are submitted voluntarily and the company does not claim for its 100% accuracy.It is requested to all the visitors of our website to compare the details present on our website with their other known sources. We are not liable for any kind of mistake if found in the content.You will find lots of external links on our website. Those links are present on our website to give you some clear idea about the service that we provide. We do not promote any of those links through our website.Most of the things present on our website are copyright. Some of those are; the logo and name of the company and the contents used on various pages. If anyone is found copying any of the details then strict legal actions will be taken against them.UK Glamour Girl will take the ultimate decision of whether to bring any change to the privacy policy or company terms or not. It preserves all the rights to bring the changes that are considered good for the company without any prior notice or intimation to the viewers and customers. Keeping on checking the company Terms and Policies on time to time.useful linksContact Uk Glamour GirlsPrivacy and TermsVIP ServicesLinks and Marketingour newsletter:SUBSCRIBE© 2020 uk-glamourgirls.com