http://www.interdamusic.com/privacy-and-cookies/
We take your privacy very seriously and comply with the Data Protection Act 1998 to ensure your personal information remains just that.
1. Data Protection Act 1998
Interda Music complies with the Data Protection Act 1998. We use a security system that protects your information from unauthorised use. However, as no data transmissions over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, we ensure that at least the information you transmit to us during
the transaction is protected by encryption supported by GeoTrust Security Certificate – a QuickSSL solution from GeoTrust that should give you, our online consumers, a peace of mind.
2. Privacy Policy
The Information we gather may include your name, delivery address, email address, telephone number, payment details and any personal preferences. We will NOT sell, distribute or disclose information about you as an individual or your personal usage of the site (‘Information’) to any third party other than those listed below, without your consent or unless required or permitted to do so by law.
Your personal details and order information may be provided to our trusted affiliates in order to invite you to review the product(s) ordered and our service. By placing an order, you consent to such use. We may also contact you directly with an invitation to submit a review to other websites. We may also send you a personal email from time to time to check you are happy with past item(s) ordered and if you would be interested in anything else.
We will not send automatic marketing emails to your registered email address aside from our newsletter if you choose to subscribe. If you do subscribe, we may contact you with questions about yourself in order to tailor future newsletters to your preferences. As a subscriber, you have the option to unsubscribe at a later date, either using the “unsubscribe” link on the newsletter or through your account.
We may also send official notices by email from time to time regarding changes to our T&C or shipping arrangements.
As well as the information provided to us, information and data may be automatically collected through the use of “cookies” (see below) through your internet browser. If at any time you wish to stop receiving our newsletter or any other information you may have requested from us, please email us.
3. Cookies
What are cookies?
A cookie is a small file that a website puts on your computer so that it can recall something about you in the future. These files normally contain information about your visit to a website, the information varies from a set of data about your browser, the journey you took within a website and sometimes volunteered details such as your name and location.
Why we use cookies?
At InterDA Music, we want to give our customers the best experience when browsing and shopping on our website. In order to do that, we sometimes need to store cookies on your computer. Cookies are NOT: dangerous; computer programs; or used to circulate viruses. To give a few examples, we use cookies to: Keep a record of the items you’ve added to your shopping basket for when you return; to remember your preferences; to allow you to share products through social media sites such as Facebook and Twitter; and most importantly, to find out what our website isn’t doing well for you and make improvements to it in the future.
How to opt-out using cookies?
You have the right to stop us from storing cookies on your computer. Each browser has its own settings to manage cookies, please refer to your internet browser’s user manual on how to disable/remove cookies.
4. Keeping information current
When you register, you enter your name, billing address, phone number and email address. You may change these details at any time by logging into your account using the “Login” link on the top-right of your screen.
5. External Links
We provide links to other websites and information resources for reference only. We are not responsible for the conduct of any external websites linked to from this website, each of which may not be governed by a privacy policy. You should view the privacy policies of each external website for further information.
6. Competitions
We may occasionally contact you with the opportunity to enter a competition. Entry into competitions is voluntary, and you are under no obligation to take up an invitation from us to enter. Should you choose to enter a competition, we will treat the information you provide with the same high standard of care as all other customer information, and use the information provided strictly within the entry terms of the competition and this privacy policy.
7. “Tell a Friend”
Each product on our website includes a “Tell a Friend” link that allows you to send information of a product to a friend. This is offered as a referral service, designed to make it easy for customers to recommend our website and/or specific products to a friend. If you use this referral service, we contact your friend by e-mail, telling them who we are, and inviting them to take advantage of a particular offer or to visit our website. We will not use your friend’s details for any other purpose.
We may occasionally modify this Privacy Statement, such variations becoming effective immediately upon uploading any changes to the website, and by continuing to use the website, you will be deemed to accept any such variations.
Twitter
Facebook
Youtube
Instagram
Lotus Blossom