https://www.cherrygirls.co.uk/privacy-policy.html
Cherry girls London Escorts
Sitemap
Independent
Agencies
Massage
Asian Escorts
Independents
Agency Escorts
Agencies
Massage Parlours
Asian Escorts
|
Photographers
Web Design
0
Latest Updates
Cherry girls blog
Privacy Policy - cherrygirls.co.uk
This privacy policy has been compiled to serve those who are concerned with how their data is being used online. Data is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your data in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our website?
No personally identifiable information is collected when visiting cherrygirls.co.uk.
How do we use your information?
As we do not collect data from visitors, this does not apply.
How do we protect your information?
As we do not collect data from visitors, this does not apply.
Do we use 'cookies'?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to allow better site navigation. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:
• Enable certain site functions to work correctly on your browser
• Enable context sensitive navigation on cherrygirls.co.uk
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since each browser is a little different, look at your browser's Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If cookies are turned off, it won't affect the user's experience.
Third party disclosure
As we do not collect data from visitors, this does not apply.
Third-party links
As a directory, we link to many other websites. Our linking to any third party website does not imply any warranty, endorsement or safety guarantee of said website. Cherry Girls does not accept any liability nor is responsible for third party links.
Google
Google's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles.
They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en
Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy.
We have implemented the following:
We, along with third-party vendors such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
Opting out:
Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
Does our site allow third-party behavioural tracking?
It's also important to note that we do not allow third-party behavioural tracking.
Home Privacy Policy - cherrygirls.co.uk
POPULAR LINKS
London Escorts
London Escort Agencies
London Escort Guide
London Independent Escorts
London Massage Parlours
Latest Updates
Introduction
Advertising
Forms
Stories
Contact
Sitemap
© 2002 - 2020 Stella Internet Promotions Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
DISCLAIMER
|
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
|
PRIVACY POLICY
|
COOKIES POLICY
|
CONTACT US
Stella Internet promotions ltd, Acorn house, 33-35 Churchfield Rd, London W3 6AYTelephone: 0776 302 1759