http://www.xxxeuropean.com/en/terms
Age Verification
You must be 18 (or the age of majority in your location) or older to access this site.By continuing to the site, you make the following sworn representation: "UNDER PENALTY OF PERJURY I swear/affirm that I am an adult, at least 18 years of age (or the age of majority where I am located)"
Continue
Exit
Create a FREE account to start chatting
Letters, digits, underscore and between 4 and 12 characters
The password should have a minimum of 6 characters, must contain at least one uppercased letter, one lowercased letter and one digit.
By clicking on the Register button I agree with the Terms and Conditions
Submit
Authentication
×
Success!
Your account has been activated, you should now be able to login.
Error!
Invalid credentials.
Forgot Password?
Don’t have an account? Create one now!
Broadcasters. Login HERE.
Login
×
Security Question
Answer
Close
OK
Terms and Conditions of Use
Last modified date: September 24, 2020
1. Your Agreement
You are reading these Terms because you have attempted to access our ADULTS
ONLY webcam site (xxxeuropean.com) and we require you to agree to these Terms (and
our Privacy Policy found at https://pinklabel.com/en/privacy) before we allow you to
come in. So, you’re reading the Terms. Good!
Before you entered, we also required you to attest under oath that you are an ADULT.
You told us you are an adult and we have collected the IP address from where you
acknowledged you are an adult, as we take the matter of your legal age very seriously.
YOU MUST BE AN ADULT TO USE THE xxxeuropean.com WEBSITE. YOU MUST BE AT
LEAST AGE 18 or the age of majority in your jurisdiction, whichever is older (the
Age of Majority). IF YOU ARE NOT THE AGE OF MAJORITY, YOU MUST LEAVE
THIS SITE NOW. YOU ARE NOT LEGALLY PERMITTED ON xxxeuropean.com FOR ANY
REASON AND IF WE FIND YOU ON THIS SITE WE WILL REPORT YOU TO LAW
ENFORCEMENT.
You understand and agree that xxxeuropean.com has ZERO TOLERANCE for minors accessing
the https://www.xxxeuropean.com/ Platform and that goes for anyone accessing our Platform and then
pretending to be a minor in some misguided attempt at role-playing.
xxxeuropean.com has ZERO TOLERANCE for any image of any minor being uploaded to our
Platform and we reserve the right to AND WE DO report ANY suspected minor on our
platform to all law enforcement agencies in your area and in each case we report to the
National Center for Missing and Exploited Children.
If you suspect that someone you encounter on our Platform is a minor, we strongly
suggest and request that you report that person by using our "Report Link" or by going
to https://pinklabel.com/en/contact and telling us what you saw.
We reserve the right to modify these Terms. You are responsible for reviewing and
becoming familiar with any modifications. Modifications are effective when posted, and
your use of the services following any such posted modification constitutes your
acceptance of the Terms as modified.
These Terms contain disclaimers and exclusive remedy provisions and we collected
your IP address and time that you made the decision to be bound by our Terms. If you
at any time decide you do not like these Terms or do not agree with them, you
MUST IMMEDIATELY EXIT THE XXXEUROPEAN.COM PLATFORM and not access our Platform
again for any reason.
2. Our Service, the Platform
A. General Information. https://www.xxxeuropean.com/ (the "Company","xxxeuropean.com", or "us", "we", "our" or
"ours") operates an online social networking platform (the "xxxeuropean.com Platform" or "our
Platform") designed to enable consenting adults to express themselves via streaming
video and chat (each, a "xxxeuropean.com Member"). We do NOT produce any of the broadcasted
content, but are merely in the business of providing a platform that enables individuals
(each, a "xxxeuropean.com Guest") to access and share live video and audio content and interact
with other xxxeuropean.com Guests and Members, as further defined within these Terms and
conditions of use. The live interactive video and audio content may be, at the xxxeuropean.com
Member’s discretion, of an adult nature.
xxxeuropean.com Members who are age-verified and able to broadcast their live video streams
through our Platform are "Independent Broadcaster(s)” and are subject only to the bare
rules and restrictions imposed by xxxeuropean.com in order to comply with applicable laws,
community standards and safety rules. Beyond that, Independent Broadcasters produce
broadcasts if and when they desire and they set their own rules for other xxxeuropean.com
Members and Guests who view their broadcasts. Independent Broadcasters are, in all
respects, not subject to any direction from xxxeuropean.com with regard to their broadcasts and are
fully able and free to use other camming platforms whenever they want or even at the
same time they are broadcasting on our Platform.
We allow for the uploading, sharing and viewing of adult content, including sexually
explicit images of live performances streamed live or posted by Independent
Broadcasters. You are allowed to view this material subject to these Terms. Note that
https://www.xxxeuropean.com/ merely arranges the technical, organizational and contractual
framework required to provide and access content. https://www.xxxeuropean.com/ therefore functions
as a technical platform that allows you to view content posted by other Users and
Independent Broadcasters and to engage with the Independent Broadcasters during
their live and interactive performances.
B. xxxeuropean.com Guests. Any adult person accessing the xxxeuropean.com Platform may see graphic
depictions of explicit sexual activity, genitalia, nudity and hetero-sexual, homosexual, bi-
sexual activity and individuals engaged in acts of sexual fetishes.
By accessing the xxxeuropean.com Platform you are expressly acknowledging that you wish to see
such sexually explicit materials and that these materials conform with the standards of
your community.
As a xxxeuropean.com Guest, you may purchase tokens issued by xxxeuropean.com (hereinafter, "Tokens") to spend on our platform, for example to tip Independent Broadcasters.
C. xxxeuropean.com Member. You become a "xxxeuropean.com Member" when you open an "Account" by
providing certain information and personal data to us, which allows you to "chat" as well
as to buy Tokens to spend on our platform, for example for tipping Independent
Broadcasters. As a xxxeuropean.com Member you may also purchase premium membership status and (such as "Gold Membership") and Entrepreneurial Generated Content-"EGC" as
that term is defined below.
D. An "Independent Broadcaster" is someone who contributes "EGC" and is eligible to
receive Tokens in their Accounts from other xxxeuropean.com Members and Guests, either as gifts
or as quid-pro-quo consideration for (accessing) a private show or for performance of
specific acts or behaviors.
E. Prior to your use of the xxxeuropean.com platform in any capacity and certainly before you
engage in any monetary transaction with us, it is imperative that you understand and
agree to the division of services between the companies we refer to as "Surecom”,
"Granity” and "TLE”. To that end, the Site is brought to you by Surecom Corporation,
NV ("Surecom"), a Curaçao corporation operating as 'https://www.xxxeuropean.com/' and under the
trademark 'xxxeuropean.com'. Surecom owns the platform you are accessing and all the xxxeuropean.com
intellectual properties. Surecom’s accounting, management and direction of xxxeuropean.com is
performed in its offices located in the country of Curaçao. Surecom provides the
technical, organizational and contractual framework required to provide and access live
and interactive content. Any services rendered to you by Surecom are limited to the
provision of such live and interactive content services.
Any and all other services provided to you via the xxxeuropean.com Platform are directly rendered
to you by Granity Entertainment, DAC, a Dublin, Ireland corporation ("Granity DAC”)
and TLE Opportunities LLC, a New York, US Corp ("TLE”) that, amongst others,
provides access to static, non-live EGC on the xxxeuropean.com Platform through memberships
and services fees.
F. References to "xxxeuropean.com" and "https://www.xxxeuropean.com/" or any other "xxxeuropean.com" URL or domain
name owned by Surecom or a Surecom Affiliate are synonymous with Surecom
Corporation, NV, and in the case of sales to EU residents of memberships, static video
and other electronic services related to static content, synonymous with Granity
Entertainment, DAC.
G. xxxeuropean.com earns its revenues primarily via the sale of Tokens to xxxeuropean.com Guests and xxxeuropean.com
Members. Tokens can be redeemed by:
Gifting Tokens to Independent Broadcasters (‘tipping’);
Paying Tokens to Independent Broadcasters as quid-pro-quo consideration for (accessing) a private
show or for performance of specific acts or behaviors; and
Paying Tokens to Granity Entertainment, DAC, as consideration for memberships, static video and
other electronic services related to static content.
3. No Child Pornography
Those who choose to use the xxxeuropean.com Platform are strictly prohibited from distributing,
accessing, soliciting or discussing Child Pornography. You may not engage in any
conduct or speech that intends, even if only in a "role-playing” scenario, to exploit any
person under the Age of Majority.
IF YOU SEEK OR HAVE ANY INTEREST IN PEDOPHILIA OR PEDERASTIC
CONTENT, YOU MUST IMMEDIATELY LEAVE THIS SITE. IF WE DISCOVER ANY
EVIDENCE WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING ROLE PLAY, IN WHICH YOU ARE
INVOLVED IN ANY SUCH ACTIVITY OR DISCUSSION, WE WILL REPORT YOU TO
THE NATIONAL CENTER FOR MISSING AND EXPLOITED CHILDREN AND LAW
ENFORCEMENT AGENCIES WHERE YOU LIVE AND WE WILL BAN YOU
FOREVER FROM OUR PLATFORM. YOU WILL ALSO BE REPORTED AND
BANNED IF YOU ATTEMPT TO DISCUSS OR ARRANGE TO DISCUSS CHILD
PORNOGRAPHY ON ANOTHER SITE. CRIMES AGAINST CHILDREN WILL BE
DEALT WITH IN THE MOST AGGRESSIVE MANNER POSSIBLE.
As a xxxeuropean.com Member using the xxxeuropean.com Platform, please report anything that you think
may violate this provision please report it to us immediately by using our "Report Link”
or by going to https://pinklabel.com/en/contact and telling us what you saw. We will
pursue the matter and take all the appropriate action to investigate, report to authorities
and prosecute.
4. Your Account
A. In general. xxxeuropean.com is a free website and if you are over the Age of Majority you may
view live cams and spend Tokens, for example for tipping Independent Broadcasters,
without creating an Account.
In order to access non-public areas of the xxxeuropean.com Platform, so that you can access
videos, join fan clubs and enjoy enhanced features, you must first create an Account
and become a xxxeuropean.com Member.
To create an Account, you must provide us with a valid email address and select a
password and screen name, one which is not offensive to others and does not infringe
on copyright or trademarks, and one that does not contain the numbers 11-17 or
anything else that suggests you may be less than the Age of Majority or otherwise
contributing illegal content.
If you are an Independent Broadcaster-and want to use the xxxeuropean.com Platform to post
your content, you must first create an Account, become a xxxeuropean.com Member and provide us with additional, true and correct personal information, including age-verification
documentation discussed below, along with your commitment to retain such
documentation and provide us with it upon our request.
B. Payment information. Should you decide to purchase anything via the xxxeuropean.com Platform
(e.g, Tokens to tip to Independent Broadcasters or to make a purchase of goods or to
purchase a membership status or join a fan club) you will be prompted to input a
payment method. This information will be received and stored by a payment processor
(identified below and in our Privacy Policy) for future use on the xxxeuropean.com Platform.
C. Correct information. The information you provide to us must be true and correct. If
you provide us with falsified identification or any information that is determined to be
untrue, your account will be terminated immediately and you may be reported to
appropriate law enforcement agencies.
D. Security. It is imperative that you keep your password safe and secure and that you
do not let anyone else use your Account. You are solely responsible for the activity that
occurs on your Account, and you 1) agree to notify xxxeuropean.com if you believe there has been
the slightest breach of security or unauthorized use of your Account and 2) you will log
out of your Account each time you stop interacting on the xxxeuropean.com Platform. Please see
Article 19 (Security) for more information on keeping your Account safe and secure.
E. Privacy rights. Our use of the information we gather from you to create your Account
and to enable you to accept Tokens, including personally identifiable information, is
governed by our Privacy Policy and our Cookie Policy. Within these Policies, we share
with you how we use your geographic location to better provide you service and how we
use Cookies to track usage and offer you better performance. We ask that you read and
understand these important policies as they affect your use of our Platform.
F. License grant. As a User of the xxxeuropean.com Platform, you are granted a limited, revocable
and non-exclusive license to access the xxxeuropean.com Platform for your own personal use and
enjoyment. You may, but only with the express permission of another Account holder or
Independent Broadcaster, link to, sell, download, or rent content made available via our
Platform.
G. Studio Accounts. Any User may create a "Studio” account on our Platform by
adhering to the rules for creation of a Studio Account found within the Webcam Studio
Agreement here: Webcam Studio Agreement.
Independent Broadcasters are eligible to join a Studio by accepting a Studio’s invitation
and adding their existing Account profiles. In that event, the Account ownership remains
with the Independent Broadcaster who may thereafter resume their independent status
if they desire. Any Independent Broadcaster account created by a Studio, while "owned”
by the Studio, exists only for so long as that Independent Broadcaster remains active on
the xxxeuropean.com Platform-we don’t permit Studios to switch out Independent Broadcasters.
H. Shared Accounts. If an Account has more than one xxxeuropean.com Member on it, the Member
who created the Account is the owner of the Account and retains control over it. Any
material changes must be done via primary email address associated with the Account.
I. Fan Clubs. Our Platform supports payment for fan clubs. If you are an Independent
Broadcaster qualified to accept tips on our Platform you may create a Fan Club so long
as we offer the Fan Club feature. The fee for admittance to any Fan Club is set and
administered by the club’s Independent Broadcaster. When you purchase a
membership to an Independent Broadcaster’s Fan Club it will renew monthly and your
payment method will be re-billed monthly for as long as you remain a member of that
Fan Club.
If you are the Independent Broadcaster hosting a Fan Club the features and benefits
you offer your fans is entirely up to you. Of course, what you offer to xxxeuropean.com Members
must comply with the rules and regulations of our Site and these Terms. In addition to
our right to recover losses generated by your Fan Club, we reserve the right, at our sole
discretion and for any reason, to suspend your ability to maintain a Fan Club.
J. Private Shows. We offer xxxeuropean.com Members the ability to view and engage with
Independent Broadcasters in live, real-time interactive private shows in a number of
different formats:
Pay per minute: Charged per minute with the rate being set by the Independent Broadcaster providing the show;
Fixed Rate: Independent Broadcasters can offer private shows for specific blocks of time for a set price (e.g. 10 minutes for XX Tokens);
Group Shows: Independent Broadcasters can sell tickets offering a group show to enable private shows for a small group rather than an individual;
Skype Billing: By connecting their Skype ID to their xxxeuropean.com profile, Independent
Broadcasters and xxxeuropean.com Members can set up Private Shows in Skype. Payment for the
show is made in xxxeuropean.com Tokens billed automatically by our Platform.
Please note that Independent Broadcasters can add a password to control entry to a room and provide a show for one or more people over a specified time.
At the present time, we do not offer the ability to record private shows or provide them
to xxxeuropean.com Members- payment is for a "live” private, interactive show with no recorded copy.
K. Account termination policy. You may terminate any memberships on our Platform, or
your entire Account, at any time by simply going to your My Account page. If you have
difficulties, please contact our Customer Support at  Support@https://www.xxxeuropean.com/ . If you are
able to provide the correct email address associated with your account and can prove
ownership of the account, we will be able to assist you. At termination, your Account
username and password will be deleted and may not be retrieved and any remaining
Tokens will be forfeited.
We can and will terminate your Account, at our sole and exclusive discretion, if we find
that you have engaged in activity that we think is illegal, abusive, fraudulent or in
violation of these Terms, either by your conduct or by virtue of complaints concerning
the nature of your submitted Entrepreneurial Generated Content "EGC”, as that term is
defined below. In the event we terminate your Account, you will not have access to any
part of the xxxeuropean.com Platform, and we reserve the right to retain evidence of your conduct
and report the offending conduct to appropriate law enforcement agencies.
In the event we terminate your Account for illegal, abusive or fraudulent conduct, or violation of these Terms, any Tokens balance will be forfeited.
Once your Account is terminated, we have no obligation to retain EGC (whether yours
or content you received through use of our Platform), mail, chat or anything else
connected to your Account.
L. Interactions with other xxxeuropean.com Members. You use our Platform and interact with other
xxxeuropean.com Members at your own risk. You acknowledge and agree that we are not
responsible for your decision to interact with anyone, in-person or otherwise, off the
xxxeuropean.com Platform. You acknowledge and agree that, as in any walk of life, it may be
dangerous to meet and interact with someone you do not know is safe. You are strictly
prohibited from using our Platform to meet with anyone for an illegal purpose.
You ARE ABSOLUTELY PROHIBITED from soliciting Independent Broadcasters or other xxxeuropean.com
Members for any unlawful purpose or act, OR for any paid sexual act, even if prostitution is legal in
that jurisdiction. Any such solicitation is grounds for immediate account termination. WE DO NOT
AND WILL NOT FACILITATE PROSTITUTION.
Remember too, any giving of Tokens, money or gifts you send to others directly,
indirectly, on or off our Platform is done at your own risk and we will not get involved in
any disputes between xxxeuropean.com Members.
M. Disputes. We will not intervene in any disputes that originate or take place outside of
our Platform. Consequently, do not send us records of chat or screen captures as we
cannot and will not get involved in trying to verify them or sort your difficulties. Report
only misbehavior occurring on our Platform to Customer Service
at  support@pinklabel.com.  False reporting will result in deletion of your account.
5. Tokens, Token Usage and Payouts
A. Tokens. xxxeuropean.com Members and Guests can purchase Tokens which may be used to tip
Independent Broadcasters, purchase gifts for Independent Broadcasters, pay
Independent Broadcasters a quid-pro-quo consideration for (accessing) a private
interactive show or for performance of specific acts or behaviors and to buy
memberships.
Tokens are not money. Tokens have NO redemption value (other than as Payouts
to Independent Broadcasters per 5(C), below) and are merely a means of payment
for your entertainment purposes on the xxxeuropean.com Platform only. Tokens may not be traded
or used as currency outside of the xxxeuropean.com Platform. If you do so, your Account will be
terminated and all Tokens forfeited.
We do not segregate Tokens or hold them in trust for you, and all Tokens may be
commingled. Your Token balance is updated in your account and may be viewed at any
time by logging into xxxeuropean.com. Tokens you purchase are spent from your Account in the
order received.
Unused Tokens are not eligible for any refunds except as expressly set forth herein.
Any Tokens not used within 6 months of purchase will expire and will be cancelled from your account.
xxxeuropean.com may modify the number of Tokens held in your account for any reason, including
but not limited to: purchases, refunds, chargebacks, fraud, customer support issues,
account inactivity, credit card association or bank penalties or fines, or technical errors.
You agree that If we terminate your membership for breach of this Agreement you will not be entitled to any refund of any unused Tokens or subscription fees.
B. Token Usage. You may use your Tokens to tip Independent Broadcasters and to buy
Gold Memberships, gifts and services from Independent Broadcasters as defined under A. above.
Tipping is 100% optional; you are not required to tip Independent Broadcasters. Tipping
is not in anyway a consideration for any acts or services (to be) performed by
Independent Broadcasters and tipping does not in anyway create an agreement
between you and the Independent Broadcaster. Though not required, tipping is highly
appreciated and you can do so at any level you deem appropriate. Once you tip an
Independent Broadcaster, those Tokens are a gift and cannot be retrieved or returned.
Tips are gifts and not payments or bribes, so please do not send tips and then demand
something in return, that's not fair to the Independent Broadcasters. You should review
the partial list of Prohibited Content at Article 7B, as it is forbidden to ask an
Independent Broadcaster to engage in any of these activities or to ask another xxxeuropean.com
Member to share such content with you. If you do so, your Account will be terminated
and all your Tokens forfeited.
C. Payouts. Independent Broadcasters who have received Tokens through gifting or
quid-pro-quo consideration for (accessing) a private show or for performance of specific
acts or behaviors may redeem them in accordance with https://www.xxxeuropean.com/'s rules
concerning the redemption of tipped Tokens. If you are in default of your obligations,
your tokens cannot be redeemed, or if you have redeemed your tokens and xxxeuropean.com
determines that you were not qualified to do so, your account will be fined the value of
the tokens errantly redeemed.
Our Account Management Tool presents a visual representation of the potential
redemption value of Tokens received by an Independent Broadcaster. We are not
holding these amounts in trust or segregating these Tokens and we will only redeem
them once we have confirmed the Independent Broadcaster has complied with all our
legal requirements.
It is imperative that we have all the information we require for every person appearing on an Independent Broadcaster’s cam, no exceptions, or Tokens will not be redeemed.
As part of the redemption process, we will send your identification to our payment
service providers in order to remain compliant with PSD 2 (Payment Services Directive
or Directive (EU) 2015/2366) and/or any other such legal directives or Acts.
6. Entrepreneurial Generated Content ("EGC”)
A. In general. If you are an Independent Broadcaster you may submit live video and
chat content to the xxxeuropean.com Platform. This sort of content is collectively referred to as
"Entrepreneurial Generated Content" or "EGC” and this term also includes photographs,
biographies and recorded videos posted to the xxxeuropean.com Platform by any xxxeuropean.com Member.
B. Compliance with US Law Title 18 United States Code §2257. If you are subject to the
United States federal laws governing your broadcast, performance, shared content or
posts depicting actual or simulated "sexually explicit conduct” or "depictions of the
genitals or pubic area” as those terms are defined in 18 USC §2256(2)(A)(i)-(iv) and
§2257A you are considered the "producer” of this content and you are required to
maintain the records described in 18 USC §2257 and post a 18 USC §2257 Record-
Keeping Requirements Compliance Statement. Failure to comply with the provisions of
this United States federal law may subject you to criminal prosecution. In connection
with the EGC you stream, share or post to our Platform, you affirm, represent, and
warrant that you will keep all documents required by 18 USC §2257 and §2257A, and
28 C.F.R. Part 75 for any and all individuals who appear on your cam or posts and will
provide that information to us upon our request.
C. Ownership and licensing of EGC. All content you stream or submit to our Platform is
and remains your property. You either own it outright or you have the necessary
licenses, rights, consents, and permissions to use it and you authorize us to use all
trademark, trade secret, copyright, right to privacy, right to publicity, or other proprietary
commercial or personal rights in and to any and all your EGC to enable inclusion and
use of it in the manner contemplated by the xxxeuropean.com Site and these Terms.
By distributing your EGC through our Platform, you hereby grant xxxeuropean.com a worldwide,
non-exclusive, royalty-free, sublicensable and transferable license to use, reproduce,
prepare derivative works of, display, and broadcast the EGC in connection with our
service including, without limitation, to promote and redistribute part or all of the xxxeuropean.com
Site (and derivative works thereof) in any media formats and through any media
channels. You also hereby grant each Guest of the xxxeuropean.com Site (or any such alternate or
additional media formats or channels) a non-exclusive license to access your EGC
through the Site, and to use, display and perform such EGC as permitted through the
functionality of the Site and under these Terms. The above licenses granted by you are
perpetual and irrevocable.
D. xxxeuropean.com is not liable for your content. xxxeuropean.com operates a software platform- it is not in
the business of producing cam shows and it does not undertake any obligation or
liability relating to any content or activity on the Site. Our Platform is a user-driven
interactive platform that contains content provided by Independent Broadcasters. As
such, xxxeuropean.com acts merely as a host provider lacking any editorial role and is merely a
forum for the expression of ideas, thoughts, and information. xxxeuropean.com is not responsible
for any inaccurate, wrong, offensive, inappropriate, or defamatory content that is
streamed, posted or shared on the xxxeuropean.com Platform.
We expect that you comply with all federal, state, provincial and local laws when using
our Platform and when submitting or posting EGC to the Site. If you are unsure whether
or not your content will violate a law, you are urged to contact an attorney prior to
posting it.
E. Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act. Because our Platform relies on
content provided by Independent Broadcasters (over whom we have no editorial control
other than bare minimums to assure compliance with applicable laws, safety of our
xxxeuropean.com Members and continuity of the xxxeuropean.com Platform) and because we are not in the
business of producing cam shows (we operate an online software platform), we
embrace the protections afforded us by Section 230 of the Communications Decency
Act. Essentially, Section 230 provides us with immunity from suit for content published
through the xxxeuropean.com Platform by xxxeuropean.com Members and Independent Broadcasters.
F. No endorsement of EGC. We reserve the right to refuse, delete, move or edit any
and all EGC that we deem is in violation of the law (including trademark and copyright
law), or is abusive, defamatory, obscene or otherwise unacceptable, and you expressly
agree that removal of any content by us is not to be construed as endorsement of any
remaining content. You expressly agree that you will never assert that xxxeuropean.com edits or
amends any content for the purpose of establishing that we are a producer or author of
any EGC viewed via our Platform.
G. Confidentiality. You understand xxxeuropean.com does not guarantee any confidentiality with
respect to any content streamed, shared or posted and that EGC is specifically intended
to be viewed by any age-appropriate person viewing the xxxeuropean.com Site.
H. WARNING about EGC you submit. We can make no guarantees that your EGC,
posts, chats or streaming video has not been or will not be illegally copied or recorded
and re-broadcast online or via another media. YOU ASSUME ALL RISK FOR
CONTENT YOU SHARE ON OUR PLATFORM AND YOU HEREBY RELEASE AND
HOLD US HARMLESS AND AGREE TO INDEMNIFY US against all manner of claims
arising out of such activities, including defamation, copyright violations, invasion of your
privacy and any other infringement of intellectual property rights.
I. Personal information. We cannot assure the privacy of your information you share on
the xxxeuropean.com Platform, whether by text, chat, images or live streaming video. We obviously
cannot control the use by others of any of your information shared on our Platform, so
please use caution when deciding what personal information you share.
J. Deleting EGC by request. If you want us to delete content you supplied to us, you
may make that request to  support@pinklabel.com.  We will promptly remove the
content you request we delete from your account and it will not be available to other
xxxeuropean.com Members- but if another xxxeuropean.com Member has already acquired it before you
requested deletion, we cannot remove it from that Member’s account. Your license to us
of your EGC is not revocable.
7. Prohibited images/activities
A. In general. While we do not create or publish content, but rather provide a software
Platform that allows others to share Entrepreneurial Generated Content "EGC”, we do
reserve the right (but not the obligation) to refuse, delete, move or edit any and all EGC,
content or activity that we deem to be in violation of the law (including trademark and
copyright law), violates our Terms or is abusive, defamatory, obscene or otherwise
unacceptable. We do this to maintain our Platform as a safe place for Users to express
themselves. What follows is a brief list of content that will result in an immediate
suspension or termination or of your account, and other potential civil and criminal legal
action.
B. Prohibited Content. As you already know from the Terms above, child pornography is
never allowed on xxxeuropean.com and we do not ever allow children to be shown on camera in
any capacity. This includes depictions of nudity or sexuality by an age-inappropriate-looking Independent Broadcaster (i.e., someone who looks younger than 18),
regardless of their actual age or by anyone made to appear as a person under the age
of 18 by virtue of the script, make-up, demeanor, costuming, setting or props. This
limitation includes the mere discussion of minors. In the event of a breach of this rule,
we will immediately report you to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children
(NCMEC) and any and all law enforcement that we consider appropriate in our sole and
absolute discretion.
There can be no:
actual or simulated minors, children, babies or unauthorized persons (persons for whom we do not have proper name and ID on file) on camera or in the same room;
animated or cartoon images of underage or child sex;
bestiality (sex, actual or pretend, with animals);
person on cam who appears to be unconscious or sleeping, under the influence of drugs (legal or illegal) or alcohol, or who appears to be unaware of the presence of a cam;
depictions of menstruation, feces or vomit;
depictions of real or simulated rape, incest, necrophilia, bestiality (if you cannot do it without committing a crime, do not pretend to do it);
depictions of violence, gun use, blood, torture, pain, erotic asphyxiation, rape scenes, fisting or any actions designed for physical or emotional harm;
Offensive and degrading conduct such as the use of degrading or verbally abusive dialog, racial slurs, bigotry or hate speech;
Illegal drugs (or drugs that may be perceived as illegal in other locations, such as medicinal marijuana) are strictly prohibited;
images or actions that may be considered obscene or illegal in your community.
Obscene materials include any actual or simulated rape, incest (and depictions of
incest), child pornography (or any depiction of child pornography), and bestiality.
Remember, YOU are solely responsible for any content you post, and we will remove
you from our Platform, terminate your account and take legal action (in our sole
discretion), against anyone who violates the law or these Terms.
C. Prohibited activities. All content on our Platform is provided by others, Independent
Broadcasters who determine for themselves when and if to broadcast or post EGC, and
who set their own rules for doing so. xxxeuropean.com does put minimum restrictions in place
designed to comply with applicable laws and community standards, and for the safety of
our Users. For example, but not by way of limitation, you may not:
use our Platform for any unlawful purpose or in any way that subjects us to civil or criminal liability;
broadcast recorded content (or any other type of non-interactive content). You may only give access to recorded video through your profile page;
impersonate another or do anything to mask your own identity such as using fake
profiles or header information or other mechanisms used to conceal your identity in any communication;
solicit passwords or personal identifying information from other xxxeuropean.com Members;
threaten suicide or harm to oneself or others;
harass, bully or invade the privacy of another person;
provide instructional information about illegal activities such as making or buying illegal weapons, violating someone's privacy, or providing or creating computer viruses;
promote an illegal or unauthorized copy of another’s copyrighted work or provide
information to circumvent manufacturer-installed copy-protect devices or provide pirated
music or links to pirated music files or otherwise create or distribute unlawful copies of
copyrighted material. This includes posting or requesting materials that either you or the
party you are requesting them from do not have any legal right to possess.
transmit "junk” mail, "chain letters” or unsolicited commercial email, "spam" or advertisements;
include any file or data stream that contains viruses, worms, "Trojan horses" or any other malicious or destructive code or links to third parties;
attempt to defeat any security features of the site or reverse engineer any code or content;
alter or modify any part of our Platform or access xxxeuropean.com content through any
technology or means other than those authorized. You cannot use any robot, spider,
crawler or other automatic device, or manual process or software to monitor or copy our
web pages or content or to bypass or interfere with the proper working of the xxxeuropean.com Platform;
take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure;
stream your xxxeuropean.com EGC on any other cam site, under any circumstances, and you
may not advertise commercial websites that offer live webcam streams, under any
circumstances, on our Platform. Independent Broadcasters MAY mention their own
profiles, homepages and wish-lists, and they are free to broadcast anywhere they choose, at any time.
create an account in an attempt to circumvent a ban by us.
promote or solicit business on our Platform for another cam site.
The above lists are not exclusive, and at any time, we may prohibit any activity that we
determine, in our sole and absolute discretion, is inappropriate. We reserve the right to
terminate or suspend your access to our Platform for engaging in any inappropriate activity.
You ARE ABSOLUTELY PROHIBITED from soliciting Independent Broadcasters or other xxxeuropean.com
Members for any unlawful purpose or act, OR for any paid sexual act, even if prostitution is legal in
that jurisdiction. Any such solicitation is grounds for immediate account termination. WE DO NOT
AND WILL NOT FACILITATE PROSTITUTION.
8. Avatars, Hentai, Manga
Animated erotica of any nature, as well as any other digitally created interactive images
or cartoons may comprise Independent Broadcasters’ EGC, but such images must
always comply with these Terms.
9. Games
A. Streaming content (games). Independent Broadcasters are allowed and encouraged to stream video games or similar content, such as found on Amazon’s Twitch.
B. Appearances. If you are going to stream a game on cam, you must appear on cam at
the same time along with the game or appear "picture-in-picture” using an external encoder.
10. Outdoor Shows
A. Rules. While outdoor broadcasting is encouraged, you must abide by our Content
Outdoor shows follow the same guidelines and rules herein and in particular those rules
concerning prohibited content and activities as found at Paragraphs 7B and 7C.
B. More rules. Children, babies and people under the Age of Majority are everywhere in
the Great Outdoors. They MUST NOT appear on your cam feed as they are not
permitted on the xxxeuropean.com Platform at any time, in any way.
Broadcasting from public locations is permitted, but anyone who is unaware they are being displayed or viewed on xxxeuropean.com may NOT be on your cam; and
Broadcasting from a car is permitted, provided that the car is parked and is not running or moving; and
xxxeuropean.com recommends that broadcasts do not cam from a height of more than 5’5” above ground, in order to avoid claims of invasion of privacy; and
Broadcasting from playgrounds, schools, graveyards or churches is not permitted.
11. Fraud or Money Laundering
A. If an Independent Broadcaster or xxxeuropean.com Member gives the impression or otherwise
causes us to suspect money laundering or any other form of fraudulent activity, we will
terminate and permanently ban any associated Accounts and initiate legal and criminal
probes, without prejudice to any other legal remedy we may undertake.
B. xxxeuropean.com will not tolerate the use of Tokens to perpetuate a fraud upon us, xxxeuropean.com
Members or Independent Broadcasters, and we will vigorously prosecute in the criminal
courts any such attempts.
C. Independent Broadcasters are required to report all such suspicious activity, or the
Independent Broadcaster may be considered complicit, and subject to Account deletion,
Token and Tip forfeiture, damages and criminal prosecution.
12. Copyright and the Digital Millennium Copyright Act
We champion the rights of intellectual property owners and we do all we can to protect
copyrights. If you believe that any content on our Platform infringes upon a copyright,
you may submit a notification pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act
("DMCA").
A. Notice of infringement. To give notice under the DMCA, please provide our Copyright Agent with the following information:
A physical or electronic signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the intellectual property right;
A description of the copyrighted work or other intellectual property you think has been infringed;
A description of where on our Platform the infringing material can be found;
Your address, telephone number, and email address;
Your statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
Your statement under penalty of perjury that the information in your notification is
accurate and that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Send your Notice to our designated DMCA Copyright Agent: Paul T. Eidsness, Esq. Eidsness Law Offices, PLC 1217 Cape Coral Parkway East, Ste 346 Cape Coral, FL 33904 EMAIL: Paul@Eidsnesslaw.com.
B. Counter-Notice. If you believe your EGC we removed per a DMCA notice is not
infringing, or that you have the authorization from the copyright owner, the copyright
owner's agent, or pursuant to the law, to post and use the content, you may send a
counter-notice containing the following information to our DMCA Copyright Agent:
Your physical or electronic signature;
Identification of the content that has been removed and the location at which the content appeared before it was removed or disabled;
A statement that you have a good faith belief that the content was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or a misidentification of the content; and
Your name, address, telephone number, and e-mail address, a statement that you
consent to the jurisdiction of the federal courts, and a statement that you will accept
service of process from the person who provided notification of the alleged infringement.
If a counter-notice is received by our Copyright Agent, xxxeuropean.com may send a copy of the
counter-notice to the original complaining party informing that person that it may replace
the removed content or cease disabling it in 10 business days. Unless the copyright
owner files an action seeking a court order against the content provider or xxxeuropean.com
Member the removed content may be replaced, or access to it restored, in 10 to 14
business days or more after receipt of the counter-notice, at our sole discretion.
C. Repeat offenders. It is our policy to terminate the account of repeat copyright
infringers. To that end, anytime a xxxeuropean.com Member is found to have multiple notifications
of claimed infringements, their Account will be terminated.
13. Privacy Rights
Please read our Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy as they govern how we use the
information and data, including personally identifiable information, we collect from you
when you use our Platform. Within these Policies, we share with you how we use your
geographic location to better provide you service and how we use Cookies to track
usage and offer you better performance.
14. Representations You Make
Before we offer you our Platform and services, and as a material inducement for us to do so, you hereby affirm, represent and warrant to us that:
A. You are aware and you agree that you are solely responsible for your own EGC and the consequences of posting or publishing content.
B. You are familiar with your community’s standards regarding sexually-oriented
material and that if you encounter content on our Platform that does not meet your
community’s standards, you will leave our site immediately.
C. Any EGC you stream or upload is content YOU own as original work(s) or you have
the necessary licenses, rights, consents, or permissions to use and you will not violate
any civil rights of other xxxeuropean.com Members or any third parties.
D. You will keep all documents required by Title 18 U.S.C. §2257 and §2257A, and 28
C.F.R. Part 75 as required by law for yourself and any other individuals who appear on
your cam while broadcasting over our Platform and you will provide it to us upon
request.
E. You understand that unless you have provided us with sufficient identification for all
who broadcast on your cam, you will be ineligible to cash out any Tokens or tips
received by you in association with your account.
F. You acknowledge and agree that xxxeuropean.com plays no editorial role as to EGC and is
merely a forum for the expression of ideas, thoughts, and information and that you will
never assert that we edit or amend any content in your attempt to establish that xxxeuropean.com is
a producer or author of any EGC viewed on our Platform.
H. It is your desire to share your private and personal behaviors and to comment, rate,
criticize, organize and recommend based on what you are exposed to by utilizing the
xxxeuropean.com Platform provided by xxxeuropean.com, while inviting others to do the same; and
I. You further represent and warrant that you have not notified any governmental
agency that you do not wish to receive sexually oriented material.
15. xxxeuropean.com Member Indemnity
A. Indemnity is your obligation to pay us for losses you cause by your actions using our
Platform. To that end, you hereby agree to indemnify and defend xxxeuropean.com for and against
any claims and losses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs, arising out of
your use of our Platform that violates the law or any of these Terms. This Paragraph
creates an obligation on your part to protect us and it is a material inducement for us to
provide the xxxeuropean.com Platform for your use. As we have stated before, if you do not agree
with this or any of our other Terms you must leave our Platform and not access it again.
B. For you folks in California, you agree to waive California Civil Code Section 1542,
which says: "A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not
know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of executing the release, which if known
by him must have materially affected his settlement with the debtor."
C. This defense and indemnification obligation will survive these Terms and your use of our Platform.
16. No Guarantee of Access and Benefits
We do not guarantee that you will be able to access or use any or all parts of this Site,
and you agree that xxxeuropean.com shall have no liability to you whatsoever for any such
inaccessibility.
Specifically, the availability of any archived content, chat, shows or recordings are not
guaranteed in any way. Archives, along with any other feature or benefit of this Site,
may become permanently inaccessible for any reason and you agree that xxxeuropean.com shall
have no liability to you whatsoever for any such inaccessibility, and you may not seek a
refund or any other transaction reversal due to such inaccessibility.
17. Uploading Videos for Sale on xxxeuropean.com
xxxeuropean.com has developed a means to allow you to sell access to videos of yourself online.
This ability is found on xxxeuropean.com under the offering called, "My Shop”. Of course, there are
rules you must agree to in order to do this. Here are the Rules, please read them
carefully as you will be asked to acknowledge you understand them prior to submitting
your video. Video Upload Rules.
18. Security
A. In general. How you handle your Account should be very important to you as it may
save you a great deal of anguish and it may save us from having to take measures
against you or other xxxeuropean.com Members. Please read and pay attention to our
requirements below that impact the security of your Account.
B. Underage. You will not allow any person below the Age of Majority to appear in any
EGC you submit or allow any such person to access or use our Platform.
C. Access. You will not allow anyone to have access to your username or password and
you will maintain the safety and security of your login information to prevent any
unauthorized access. You must immediately inform us of any apparent breach of
security, such as loss, theft or unauthorized disclosure or use of a username or password.
xxxeuropean.com is not liable for your losses caused by any unauthorized use of your
account and you specifically waive any such claim and agree to defend and
indemnify xxxeuropean.com against any such claims made against it by third parties.
D. Other’s Accounts. You will not attempt to, or actually use, anyone else’s Account.
You may not transfer your Account to another person. You may not ask for another
xxxeuropean.com Member’s account information.
E. Confidentiality. You agree to keep all information contained on or provided through
the xxxeuropean.com Platform as private and confidential and agree not give such information to
anyone without the permission of the person who provided it to you.
F. If you are on a computer terminal that may be accessed by persons other than
yourself, you agree to log out off our Platform by clicking the logout button, and not to
allow the browser to save or otherwise store your personal username and password.
G. Personal information. You will not reveal any personally identifiable information about
any User or request any such information.
H. Sales must remain on the xxxeuropean.com Platform. Independent Broadcasters may exchange
information with xxxeuropean.com Members, including contact information, but Independent
Broadcasters MAY NOT use xxxeuropean.com Members’ information to provide webcam shows or
receive payments outside of the xxxeuropean.com Platform. Any transactions entered into via the
xxxeuropean.com Platform, must be completed in exchange for Tokens and must comply with all
obligations in their respective jurisdictions, including but not limited to charging,
reporting and paying any sales tax, value added taxes or duties. In no event will
https://www.xxxeuropean.com/ be deemed the seller, exporter, or importer in the jurisdiction where the
Interactive Broadcaster or a user resides or is deemed to reside nor will https://www.xxxeuropean.com/
be liable for charging, reporting or paying any of such taxes or duties. If https://www.xxxeuropean.com/
however does become liable for such taxes or duties by application of law, then
https://www.xxxeuropean.com/ is entitiled to recharge any costs to the Independent Broadcaster, either
directly or by means of settlement through their Tokens balance, subject to the
preference of https://www.xxxeuropean.com/.
I. No advertising other cam sites. You may not advertise commercial websites that offer
live webcam streams, under any circumstances; but Independent Broadcasters are
allowed to mention their own personal profiles, homepages and wish lists whether on
our Platform or another as they are independent of our control.
J. Only non-commercial use. You will only use the xxxeuropean.com Platform for your personal
enjoyment. Unless expressly authorized by xxxeuropean.com, you will not commercially exploit,
otherwise sell, reproduce in any manner or hyperlink this Site, or portions thereof,
(including, but not limited to, logotypes, trademarks, branding or copyrighted material)
for any reason. Further, you are not allowed to reference the url (website address) of
our Site in any commercial or non-commercial media without express permission, nor
are you allowed to 'frame' the Site. You specifically agree to cooperate with us to
remove or de-activate any such activities and be liable for all damages. You hereby
agree to liquidated damages of US$100,000.00 plus costs and actual damages for
violating this provision.
19. CAN-SPAM ACT 15 USC §7703 et. seq.; Newsletters, Correspondence, and Opt-out Policy
We may send you e-mails or other notices regarding new services, promotions, or other
information that may be of general interest. These communications may include
transactional information, but they may also be of a commercial nature. We will ask your
consent to send you commercial communications, and xxxeuropean.com Members who no longer
wish to receive materials from us may opt-out of receiving these communications by
unsubscribing in their Account. We will comply with all requests for removal. Please be
advised that we may need to send you information directly related to your Account, and
usually at your request. For example – request to set a new password. In order to
ensure you receive these important communications related to your Account, please
add https://www.xxxeuropean.com/ to your safe senders list. Our email policies and practices have
been certified by Return Path.
20. Warranty Disclaimer
You agree that your use of our Platform is at your own risk. We do not warrant that the
Site is available uninterrupted or error-free. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED
BY LAW, xxxeuropean.com DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES. WE MAKE NO WARRANTIES ABOUT
THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE SITE'S CONTENT AND ASSUMES
NO LIABILITY FOR ANY (I) ERRORS, MISTAKES, OR INACCURACIES OF
CONTENT, (II) PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE
WHATSOEVER, RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE SITE,
(III) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF OUR SECURE SERVERS
AND/OR ANY AND ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION AND/OR FINANCIAL
INFORMATION STORED THEREIN, (IV) ANY INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF
TRANSMISSION TO OR FROM THE SITE, (V) ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN
HORSES, OR THE LIKE WHICH MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH THE
SITE BY ANY THIRD PARTY, AND/OR (VI) ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY
CONTENT OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS A
RESULT OF THE USE OF ANY CONTENT POSTED, EMAILED, TRANSMITTED, OR
OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE VIA THE xxxeuropean.com PLATFORM. xxxeuropean.com does not warrant
or assume responsibility for any product or service advertised by a third party through
the xxxeuropean.com Site or any hyper-linked website, and we will not in any way be responsible
for monitoring any transaction between you and third-party providers of products or
services. As with any purchase through any medium or in any environment, you should
use your best judgment and exercise caution where appropriate.
21. Limitation of Liability
By agreeing to use the Internet services offered by xxxeuropean.com, you agree that xxxeuropean.com is
immune from liability under the fullest extent of the law, and/or as provided by the
Communications Decency Act as to any content, and nothing in these Terms is
intended to waive or diminish such immunity. IN NO EVENT SHALL xxxeuropean.com BE LIABLE
TO YOU FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR REVENUES, LOSS OF DATA, DIRECT,
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM ANY USE OF ITS PLATFORM, EXCEPT
WHERE CAUSED BY OUR WILFUL MISCONDUCT OR GROSS NEGLIGENCE. TO
THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITED BY LAW, xxxeuropean.com’S LIABILITY IN ANY CASE
SHALL NOT EXCEED THE SUM OF $500.00USD. The foregoing limitation of liability
shall apply to the fullest extent permitted by law in the applicable jurisdiction. You
specifically acknowledge that xxxeuropean.com shall not be liable for EGC or the defamatory,
offensive, or illegal conduct of any third party and that the risk of harm or damage from
the foregoing rests entirely with you.
22. Miscellaneous
A. Complaints/Requests for refunds. xxxeuropean.com is dedicated to customer satisfaction;
whenever possible we want to solve any problem or questions you have with any of our
services. To report any issue with your use of our Platform or a problem with any other
xxxeuropean.com Member, or to ask for a refund or transaction reversal, please email us for
assistance!  support@pinklabel.com.
B. Disputes/Arbitration. You hereby agree that any disputes between us arising out of
your use of our Platform will be resolved by binding individual arbitration and not in
court. The English version of the UNCITRAL Model Law on International Commercial
Arbitration, as adopted by the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law,
apply to these Terms. To commence an arbitration proceeding, you must send a notice
to us at legal@pinklabel.com.  Payment and fees for the arbitration are governed by
the UNCITRAL rules. The arbitration will be held in Curaçao and the law under which
the dispute will be decided shall be the law of Curaçao. Neither party will be entitled to
an award of its attorneys' fees or costs incurred in arbitration, except where the
arbitrator has ruled that the other party's claim is frivolous.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, you expressly agree that class action
lawsuits, class-wide arbitrations, private attorney-general actions, and any other
proceeding where someone acts in a representative capacity are not allowed,
regardless of where you reside.
C. Entire Agreement. These terms plus any policies referenced herein or on the site
represent the entire agreement between you and us. To the extent that there is a
conflict between these Terms and any other policy, these Terms will control except
where expressly stated to the contrary.
D. Severability.  These Terms are severable. If any provision or portion of these Terms
is held to be invalid or otherwise unenforceable, such provision or portion shall be
interpreted to fulfill its intended purpose to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law, or if legally impossible, such provision or portion shall be ineffective only to the
extent of such invalidity, and the remainder of these Terms will continue in full force and
effect.