https://www.cruisingforsex.com/terms.html
Terms of Use
Registration to fully participate in the various free
services at CRUISING for SEX is required before you can post
messages on our Message Board, join any of our social groups, contribute to our Sex Listings, post personal ads on the Communal
Stalls, and upload pictures and video
clips within our Cruiser Gallery. We do insist that you abide by
our terms & conditions as detailed below. Terms & conditions
are subject to change without notice.
An accurate,
working email address is required to register. This and all information
required to register will not be sold, rented, or made available
to other parties. If you are at least 18 years old and agree to
our terms & conditions, we welcome your participation here at
CRUISING for SEX.
Although we attempt to keep all objectionable postings
and images off the site, it is impossible for us to review everything
24 hours a day. We encourage you to notify us if you see or read
something that may be in violation of our terms & conditions.
All postings express the views of the author, and neither Man Kind Endeavors LLC (owner of CRUISING for SEX) nor any of it's employees
or managers will be held responsible for the content of any posting,
whether text or image.
1. You agree
that you will not post any material which is knowingly false and/or
defamatory, inaccurate, abusive, hateful, harassing, threatening,
or invasive of a person's privacy.
2. Message Board
postings may NOT include an email address or instant messaging contact information nor may you include an
email address within your user name. To find the address for contacting
the poster of a message, click on the icon that says 'profile' or
click on the user name of the person you wish to write.
3. Message Board
forums are moderated by volunteers and these moderators are empowered
to set forum policy in addition to the terms & conditions detailed
here.
4. You agree
to not solicit sex with persons under age 18 or to discuss such
solicitations or encounters at anytime when posting in any section
of CRUISING for SEX.
5. You agree
to not solicit sex with animals or to discuss such solicitations
or encounters with anyone at anytime when posting in any section
of CRUISING for SEX.
6. You agree not to post any copyrighted material
including pictures unless the copyright is owned by you. Other pictures
that are prohibited include images of underage youth, images of
sex with animals, images showing a person or persons engaged in
urination, bondage, torture or humiliation, images of actual or
implied sexual activity involving 2 or more persons and images that
are not suitable to the nature of CRUISING for SEX. In any
event, all material posted becomes the immediate and permanent property
of Man Kind Endeavors LLC.
7. Advertisements,
chain letters, pyramid schemes, and solicitations for business purposes
are not allowed. This includes all spam. The posting of private
parties including those that allow for donations are allowed.
8. Post only
in your geographical area, unless you are traveling and need to
post at your destination. If a person is visiting your part of the
world, please give them some credit to have enough sense to look
in your area to find you.
9. All postings
must be in English.
10. The owners
of Man Kind Endeavors LLC and their representatives have the right to remove,
edit, move or close any ad for any reason and without explanation.
Limitation of Liability
In no event shall Man Kind Endeavors LLC, its officers, directors, employees, or agents, be liable to you for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, punitive, or consequential damages whatsoever resulting from any
11. Errors, mistakes, or inaccuracies of content,
12. Personal injury or property damage, of any nature whatsoever, resulting from your access to and use of our website,
13. Any unauthorized access to or use of our secure servers and/or any and all personal information and/or financial information stored therein,
14. Any interruption or cessation of transmission to or from our website,
15. Any bugs, viruses, trojan horses, or the like, which may be transmitted to or through our website by any third party, and/or
16. Any errors or omissions in any content or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of your use of any content posted, emailed, transmitted, or otherwise made available via the Man Kind Endeavors LLC websites, whether based on warranty, contract, tort, or any other legal theory, and whether ornot the company is advised of the possibility of such damages.
The foregoing limitation of liability shall apply to the fullest extent permitted by law in the applicable jurisdiction.
You specifically acknowledge that Man Kind Endeavors LLC shall not be liable for user submissions or the defamatory, offensive, or illegal conduct of any third party and that the risk of harm or damage from the foregoing rests entirely with you.
These websites are controlled and offered by Man Kind Endeavors LLC from its facilities in the United States. Man Kind Endeavors LLC makes no representations that the Man Kind Endeavors LLC Website is appropriate or available for use in other locations. Those who access or use the Man Kind Endeavors LLC Websites from other jurisdictions do so at their own volition and are responsible for compliance with local law.
Indemnity
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Man Kind Endeavors LLC, its officers, directors, employees and agents, from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorney's fees) arising from:
17. your use of and access to the Man Kind Endeavors LLC Websites;
18. your violation of any term of these Terms of Use;
19. your violation of any third party right, including without limitation any copyright, property, or privacy right; or
20. any claim that one of your User Submissions caused damage to a third party. This defense and indemnification obligation will survive these Terms of Use and your use of the Man Kind Endeavors LLC Websites.
Ability to Accept Terms of Use
You affirm that you are either more than 18 years of age, or an emancipated minor, or possess legal parental or guardian consent, and are fully able and competent to enter into the terms, conditions, obligations, affirmations, representations, and warranties set forth in these Terms of Use, and to abide by and comply with these Terms of Use. In any case, you affirm that you are over the age of 18, as the Man Kind Endeavors LLC Websites are not intended for persons under 18. If you are under 18 years of age, then please do not use the Man Kind Endeavors LLC Websites.
Copyright Notice
COPYRIGHT
2013 by Man Kind Endeavors LLC. All
material on this page and all linked pages belonging to CRUISING
for SEX (sm) are copyright protected. No permission is granted
and, in fact, it is strictly forbidden to make use of this material,
in whole or in part, for any purpose without obtaining written
permission. Violators are subject to legal action. Individuals
are allowed to download and/or print portions of listings and
feature articles for their own private use.
Privacy Policy
CRUISING
for SEX is committed to honoring the privacy of site
visitors. We do collect information about visitors through the following
methods. We offer visitors the option to register for updates, a
process that requires completing a form. When registering for updates,
you must supply an e-mail address but at no time is your full name
or street address required. Your e-mail address is never rented,
sold, or made available to any third party.
Persons wishing to contribute to the Sex Listings may create a profile or remain anonymous. Persons using the CRUISING for SEX
Message Board, Cruiser Gallery or Communal Stall are required
to register in order to post a message, upload pictures and video
clips or reply to postings. At no time are you expected to provide
your real name or street address, though an accurate, working e-mail
address is required. We will use cookies to remember your user name
and password and to assist you in moving around these sections of
CRUISING for SEX without having to log in again after you leave our site. When you log out, cookies from CRUISING for SEX expire.
2257 Compliance
Effective September 1, 2013 Man Kind Endeavors LLC is removing content from this site previously published which may be subject to the Federal Labeling and Record-Keeping Law (also known as 18 U.S.C. 2257) created by the previous owner of CRUISING for SEX.
The previous owner's compliance statement appears below.
Third-party web sites who supply banner advertising or similar content are responsible for their own 2257 record-keeping responsibilities.
It is unclear if the prior content and records owned by the previous owner subject to 18 U.S.C. 2257 will be available.
Images uploaded by users of this web site are the property of those users, although they grant license to Man Kind Endeavors LLC to alter them as needed for digital media and publish them on this web site and through other digital media. Such images will be removed upon request of the owner.
In compliance
with the Federal Labeling and Record-Keeping Law (also known as
18 U.S.C. 2257), all models located within our domain were 18 years
of age or older during the time of photography. All models' proof
of age is held by the custodian of records for the owner of each
photograph. In full compliance with the requirements of 18 U.S.C.
2257 and associated regulations, our Custodian of Records is listed
below:
Name: D. Griffith
Address: 541 10th Street, NW
City: Atlanta
State: GA
Zip: 30318
Country: USA
Telephone number: 404-939-5234
E-mail address: keith@cruisingforsex.com
Inspections
by government agents of our records as required by 18 U.S.C. 2257
and associated regulations may be done during regular business hours,
Monday-Friday, 9am - 5pm.