http://www.pbplussupport.com/terms.php
Terms and Conditions
THESE TERMS OF SERVICE ARE SUBJECT TO BINDING ARBITRATION AND A WAIVER OF CLASS ACTION RIGHTS AS DETAILED IN THE MANDATORY ARBITRATION AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER SECTION BELOW.
READ THESE TERMS OF SERVICE CAREFULLY. THEY ARE A LEGAL CONTRACT GOVERNING YOUR USE OF THE SITE PROVIDED BY PLAYBOY.COM, INC. AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATES, INCLUDING PLAYBOY TV UK LIMITED (collectively, "PBCI," "we," or "us," or "our").
These Terms
of Service (“Terms”) govern your access to and use of the website, mobile-optimized
website, mobile application or other online service where these Terms are
posted (collectively, the “Site”). By clicking an Accept, Register or similar
button or icon, connecting to the Site through a third party such as Facebook
or by accessing, browsing, or using the Site in any manner, you agree to be
bound to these Terms and our Privacy Policy, whether or not you registered with the
Site. All references to “you” or “your,” as applicable, mean the person who
accesses, uses, and/or participates in the Site in any manner, and each of your
heirs, assigns, and successors. The Site reserves the right to deny access to
any person who violates these Terms.
Eligibility. The Site is intended
solely for persons who are 18 years old or older. Any access to or use of the
Site by anyone under the age of 18 is expressly prohibited. By accessing or
using the Site you represent and warrant that you are 18 years old or older.
Copyright.  All information, content, services and
software displayed on, transmitted through, or used in connection with the Site
(with the exception of User Content as defined below), including, for example,
news articles, stories, reviews, directories, guides, text, photographs,
images, illustrations, audio clips, video, html, source and object code,
trademarks, logos, and the like (collectively, the "Content"), as
well as its selection and arrangement, is owned by PBCI and/or its licensors
and suppliers. You may use the Content online only, and solely for your
personal, non-commercial use, and you may download or print a single copy of
any portion of the Content solely for your personal, non-commercial use,
provided you do not remove any trademark or copyright notice, or other notice,
from such Content. If you operate a website and wish to link to the Site, you
may do so provided you agree to cease such link immediately upon request from
us. No other use is permitted without the prior written permission of PBCI. The
permitted use described in this section is contingent on your compliance at all
times with these Terms.
Except where
explicitly provided for herein or on the Site, you may not republish any
portion of the Content on any Internet, Intranet, extranet site or any other
online or offline publication, or incorporate the Content in any database,
compilation, archive, cache, or similar medium. You may not distribute any
Content to others, whether or not for payment or other consideration, and you
may not archive, modify, copy, frame, cache, reproduce, sell, publish,
transmit, display, exploit, or otherwise use any portion of the Content. You
may not scrape or otherwise copy our Content without our permission. You agree
not to decompile, reverse engineer or disassemble any software or other products
or processes accessible through the Site nor to insert any code or product or
manipulate the Content or the Site in any way or for any purpose, and not to
use any data mining, data gathering or extraction method.
Requests to
use Content for any purpose other than as permitted in these Terms should be
directed to termsofservice@playboy.com.
In certain cases, you may be able to use individual stories, articles, images,
or video that appear on the Site through online functionality we have
specifically designated (e.g., to email a story to a friend or to purchase the
rights to reproduce a story for other use).
Registration. Registration is not
required to view certain Content. However, to use some parts of the Site ---
including without limitation, if you wish to post a comment or upload a photo
or video, or view certain other Content --- you may be required to register or
subscribe and provide certain information about yourself. If you become a
registered member of the Site, you accept responsibility for all activities
that occur under your registration account. You agree to provide true,
accurate, complete, and correct information at the time of registration, and to
promptly update this information as needed so that it remains true, accurate,
complete, and correct. We reserve the right to terminate your access and use of
the Site, in whole or in part, if more than one individual access the Site
using any single registration account. You are responsible for maintaining the
confidentiality of your password and for restricting access to your computer so
others may not access the Site using your name in whole or in part without your
permission. If you believe someone has accessed the Site using your
registration account and password without your authorization, e-mail us
immediately at termsofservice@playboy.com.
User Content Representations and Warranties.  By placing material on the Site, including
but not limited to posting content or communications to any Site bulletin
board, forum, blogspace, message or chat area, or posting text, images, audio
files, video clips, or any  audio-visual
content to the Site (collectively, "User Content"), you represent and
warrant: (1) you own or otherwise have all necessary rights to the User Content
you provide and the rights to provide it under these Terms; and (2) the User
Content will not cause injury to any person, group or entity.
User Content License.  For all User Content you post, upload, or
otherwise make available (in this section - "Provide") to the Site,
you grant PBCI a worldwide, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive
right and fully sub-licensable, assignable and transferrable license to use,
copy, reproduce, distribute, publish, publicly perform, publicly display,
modify, adapt, translate, archive, store, and create derivative works from such
User Content, in whole or in part, in any form, format, or medium, of any kind
now known or later developed. Without limiting the generality of the previous
sentence, you authorize PBCI to: (i) share the User Content across all
websites, mobile applications, publications and other online and offline
services affiliated with PBCI; (ii) include the User Content in a searchable
format accessible by users of the Site and other PBCI websites, mobile
applications, publications and other online services; (iii) place
advertisements in close proximity to such User Content; and (iv) use your name,
likeness and any other information you Provide in connection with our use of
the material you Provide. You waive all moral rights with respect to any User
Content you Provide to the Site. You also grant PBCI the right to use any
material, information, ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in any
communication you Provide or otherwise submit to us for any purpose whatsoever,
including but not limited to, commercial purposes, and developing,
manufacturing and marketing commercial products using such information. All
rights in this section are granted without the need for additional compensation
of any sort by PBCI to you or to any other person or entity. You agree that you
will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless PBCI and its officers, directors and
employees for all claims resulting from User Content you post. We reserve the
right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of such
disputes, and in any event you will cooperate with us in asserting any
available defenses.
You also
hereby grant each user of the Site a non-exclusive license to access your User
Content through the Site, and to use, reproduce, distribute, display and
perform such User Content as permitted through the functionality of the Site
and under these Terms.
Unsolicited Material and Ideas.  We are happy to hear from our users and
welcome feedback regarding our Site. However, neither the Site nor PBCI is
responsible for the similarity of any of its content or programming in any
media to materials or ideas provided to the Site. If you do transmit
unsolicited submissions to us through the Site or otherwise, you grant PBCI a
worldwide, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive right and fully
sub-licensable, assignable and transferrable license to use, copy, reproduce,
distribute, publish, publicly perform, publicly display, modify, adapt,
translate, archive, store, and create derivative works from such submissions,
and you understand and agree that such submissions may be adapted, broadcast,
changed, copied, disclosed, licensed, performed, posted, published, sold,
transmitted, or otherwise used as PBCI sees fit. By using the Site and
transmitting an unsolicited submission to us, you agree that you are not
entitled to any compensation, credit or notice whatsoever with respect to such
submission, and that by sending an unsolicited submission you waive the right
to make any claim against the Site, PBCI and its parents, affiliated companies,
officers, directors or employees relating to our use of such submission,
including, without limitation, infringement of proprietary rights, unfair
competition, breach of implied contract or breach of confidentiality, even if
material or an idea is used that is or may be substantially similar to the idea
you sent.  DO NOT SEND US ADULT
CONTENT.  DO NOT POST ADULT CONTENT.  IT WILL NOT BE VIEWED AND IT WILL BE DELETED
IMMEDIATELY.
User Content Screening and Removal.  You acknowledge that the Site and/or its
designees may or may not pre-screen User Content, and shall have the right (but
not the obligation), in their sole discretion, to move, remove, block, edit, or
refuse any User Content for any reason, including without limitation that such
User Content violates these Terms or is otherwise objectionable.
User Content Assumption of Risk.  Although the Site may from time to time
monitor or review postings, transmissions, and the like on the Site, it cannot
and does not monitor or manage all User Content, and does not guarantee the
accuracy, integrity, or quality of User Content. All User Content provided to
the Site is the sole responsibility of the person who provided it.  This means that you are entirely responsible
for all User Content that you Provide.
To protect your safety, please use your best judgment when using Site
forums, chat rooms, bulletin boards, blogs, comments sections, or similar
features. We discourage divulging personal phone numbers and addresses or other
information that can be used to identify or locate you. You acknowledge and
agree that if you make such disclosures either through posting on any bulletin
board, forum, blogspace, message, comment section, or chat area, or uploading
text, images, audio files or other audio-visual content, in classified
advertising you place or in other interactive areas, or to third parties in any
communication, you do so fully understanding that such information could be
used to identify and contact you.
User Content Posting Rules.  Any decisions as to whether User Content
violates any posting rule set forth in these Terms will be made by us in our
sole discretion and after we have actual notice of such posting. When you
provide User Content, you agree to the following rules:
Do not provide User Content that:
contains copyrighted or other proprietary
material of any kind without the express permission of the owner of that
material;
contains vulgar, profane, abusive, racist or
hateful language, expressions, epithets, slurs, text, photographs or
illustrations, or is in poor taste, or is an inflammatory attack of a personal,
racial or religious nature;
is defamatory, threatening, disparaging, grossly
inflammatory, false, misleading, fraudulent, inaccurate, unfair, contains gross
exaggeration or unsubstantiated claims, violates the privacy rights of any
third party, is unreasonably harmful or offensive to any individual or
community;
may cause any harm or damage to the Site, you,
us, or anyone else;
violates any right of the Site, PBCI or any
third party;
infringes other individuals privacy rights or
rights of publicity;
discriminates on the grounds of race, religion,
national origin, gender, age, marital status, sexual orientation or disability,
or refers to such matters in any manner prohibited by law.
violates or encourages the violation of any
municipal, state, federal or international law, rule, regulation, ordinance, or
similar requirement;
interferes with any third party's use or
enjoyment of the Site;
advertises, promotes or offers to trade any
goods or services, except in areas specifically designated for such purpose;
collects any user content or information, or
otherwise accesses the Site using automated means (such as harvesting bots,
robots, spiders, or scrapers) without our prior permission;
violates any robot exclusion headers of the
Site, if any, or bypasses or circumvents other measures employed to prevent or
limit access to the Site;
shares, recompiles, decompiles, disassembles,
reverse engineers, or makes or distributes any other form of, or any derivative
work from, the Site;
attempts to scrape or collect any personal or private
information from other users or from the Site;
pretends to come from someone other than you, or
where you are impersonating someone else;
intercepts or monitors, damages, or modifies any
communication not intended for you;
uses or attempt to use another's registration
account, password, service or system except as expressly permitted by the
Terms;
uploads or transmits viruses or any other
harmful, disruptive or destructive files, materials or code;
disrupts, interferes with, or otherwise harms or
violates the security of the Site, or any services, system resources, accounts,
passwords, servers or networks connected to or accessible through the Site or
affiliated or linked sites;
"flames" any individual or entity
(e.g., sends repeated messages related to another user and/or makes derogatory
or offensive comments about another individual), or repeats prior posting of
the same message under multiple threads or subjects; or
otherwise breaches these Terms.
WARNING: A
VIOLATION OF THESE POSTING RULES MAY BE REFERRED TO LAW ENFORCEMENT
AUTHORITIES.
You shall
notify us immediately upon becoming aware of the commission by any person of
any restricted uses of the Site by sending an email to termsofservice@playboy.com,
and you shall provide us with reasonable assistance in any investigations we
conduct in light of the information you provide in this respect.
You
acknowledge that we have no obligation to monitor any users’ access to or use
of the Site, or to review or edit any Content or User Content, but we have the
right to do so in our sole discretion: (i) for the purpose of operating and
improving the Site (including without limitation for fraud prevention, risk
assessment, investigation and customer support purposes); (ii) to ensure your or
another user’s compliance with these Terms; (iii) to comply with applicable law
or the order or requirement of a court, administrative agency or other
governmental body; or (iv) to address
content that we determine is otherwise objectionable or violates these
Terms. We reserve the right, at any time and without prior notice, to remove or
disable access to any Content that we, in our sole discretion, consider to be
objectionable for any reason, in violation of these Terms, otherwise harmful to
the Site, or for any other reason that we deem appropriate. In order to protect
the integrity of the Site, we also reserve the right at any time in our sole
discretion to block users from certain IP addresses or geographic locations
from accessing and using the Site.
You
acknowledge, consent, and agree that we may access, preserve and disclose any
of your information if we are required to do so by law, or if we believe in
good faith that it is reasonably necessary: (i) to respond to claims asserted
against us or to comply with legal process (for example, subpoenas, warrants,
or other process ); (ii) to enforce or administer our agreements with users,
including without limitation these Terms; (iii) to render services you request;
(iv) to protect the rights or property of the Site, PBCI, and their respective
third-party suppliers, service providers, and licensors; (v) for fraud
prevention, risk assessment, investigation, customer support, product
development and de-bugging purposes; (vi) to protect the rights, property or
safety of PBCI, the Site, its users, or members of the public; or (vii) in
circumstances that we deem, in our sole discretion, to pose a threat to the
safety of us, you or others.
Transactions and E-Commerce.  During your visit to the Site, you may elect
to engage in a transaction involving the purchase of a product such as a
magazine subscription, online content subscription, a print or online
advertisement or other tangible goods and services. Credit card transactions
and order fulfillment are often handled by a third-party processing agent, bank
or distribution institution. While in most cases transactions are completed
without difficulty, there is no such thing as perfect security on the Internet
or offline. If you are concerned about online credit card safety, in most cases
a telephone number will be made available so you can call us and place your
order by phone. PBCI, its affiliates, and the Site cannot and do not take
responsibility for the success or security of transactions undertaken or
processed by third parties.
Advertisements & Linked Sites.  We participate in various affiliate marketing programs and other arrangements with third parties, which means we may receive a commission or other form of compensation if you (a) click on certain ads or links that appear on our Site, or (b) purchase a product or service using links from our Site to retailer websites.
If we provide links to other websites, you
should not infer or assume that we operate, control, or are otherwise connected
with these other websites. Please be careful to read the applicable terms and
conditions and privacy policy of any other website before you provide any
personal information or engage in any transactions. We are not responsible for
the content or practices of any website that is not part of the Site, even if
the website is operated by a company affiliated or otherwise connected with us.
By using the Site, you acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible or
liable to you for any content or other materials hosted, served, or residing on
the domain from any websites other than the Site and then only to the extent
provided for herein.
During your
visit to the Site, you may link to, or view as part of a frame, certain content
that is actually created, hosted and/or licensed by a third party. Because the
Site has no control over third-party sites and resources, you acknowledge and
agree that the Site is not responsible for the availability of external
websites or resources, nor for the content, actions, or policies of those
sites. Information you provide on such websites, including personal information
and transactional information, is subject to the applicable terms and
conditions and privacy policy of those websites.
Errors in Advertisements.  On occasion, a product or service may not be
available at the time or the price as it appears in an advertisement or other
material in the Site. In such event, or in the event a product is listed at an
incorrect price or with incorrect information due to typographical error,
technology error, error in the date or length of publication, error in pricing
or product information received from our advertisers or suppliers, or for any
other reason, you agree the Site is not responsible for such errors or
discrepancies.
Communications with Third Parties Through
the Site.  Your dealings or
communications through the Site with any party other than PBCI are solely
between you and that third party. For example, certain areas of the Site may
allow you to conduct transactions or purchase goods or services. In most cases,
these transactions will be conducted by our third-party partners and vendors.
Under no circumstances will the Site be liable for any goods, services,
resources or content available through such third-party dealings or
communications, or for any harm related thereto. Please review carefully that
third party's policies and practices and make sure you are comfortable with
them before you engage in any transaction. Complaints, concerns or questions
relating to materials provided by third parties should be directed to the third
party.
Notice of Intellectual Property
Infringement.  In accordance with the
Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) and other applicable law, it is the
policy of the Site, in appropriate circumstances, to terminate the registration
account of a member who is deemed to infringe third-party intellectual property
rights or to remove User Content that is deemed to be infringing. If you
believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright
infringement and is displayed on the Site, please provide substantially the
following information to our Copyright Agent (please consult your legal counsel
or see 17 U.S.C. Section 512(c)(3) to confirm these requirements):
an electronic or physical signature of the
person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or other intellectual
property interest;
a description of your copyrighted work or other
intellectual property that you claim has been infringed;
a description of where the material you claim is
infringing is located on the Site
(providing us with website URL is the quickest way to help us locate
content quickly);
your address, telephone number, and e-mail
address;
a statement by you that you have a good faith
belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its
agent, or the law;
a statement by you, made under penalty of
perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are
the copyright or intellectual property owner or authorized to act on the
copyright or intellectual property owner's behalf.
The Site’s Copyright Agent can be reached as follows:
Playboy Enterprises International, Inc.
Attn: Copyright Manager
10960 Wilshire Blvd, Suite 2200
Los Angeles,
CA
90024
Phone: (310) 424-3723
Email: copyright@playboy.com
Please note
that the above contact information is for intellectual property infringement
notices only. DO NOT CONTACT OUR COPYRIGHT AGENT FOR OTHER INQUIRIES OR
QUESTIONS. For other inquiries or questions, please email us at
termsofservice@playboy.com.  Please also
note that, pursuant to Section 512(f) of the Copyright Act, any person who
knowingly materially misrepresents that material or activity is infringing may
be subject to liability.
General Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability.  While the Site and PBCI use reasonable
efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information, neither the Site nor PBCI
make any warranties or representations as to the accuracy of the Content appearing
on the Site, including the User Content, and assume no liability or
responsibility for any error or omission in the Content. The Site and PBCI do
not represent or warrant that use of any Content will not infringe rights of third
parties. The Site and PBCI have no responsibility for actions of third parties
or for content provided by others, including without limitation User Content.
USE OF THE
SITE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. ALL CONTENT AND ACCESS TO THE SITE ARE PROVIDED
"AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE." NEITHER PBCI, THE SITE, NOR ANY
OF THE PBCI AND/OR SITE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, SHAREHOLDERS, MEMBERS, EMPLOYEES,
REPRESENTATIVES, CONTRACTORS, AGENTS, CONTENT PROVIDERS, SERVICE PROVIDERS,
OPERATORS, OR LICENSORS, MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND
REGARDING THE SITE, THE CONTENT, ANY ADVERTISING MATERIAL, INFORMATION,
PRODUCTS OR SERVICES AVAILABLE ON OR THROUGH THE SITE, THE AVAILABILITY OF THE
SITE OR THE CONTENT THEREON, AND/OR THE RESULTS THAT MAY (OR MAY NOT) BE
OBTAINED FROM ACCESS OR USE OF THE SITE OR THE CONTENT. ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WARRANTIES AGAINST INFRINGEMENT, AND
WARRANTIES THE SITE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY,
SECURE OR ERROR FREE, ARE SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMED. THE SITE, PBCI AND THEIR
RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, SHAREHOLDERS, MEMBERS, EMPLOYEES,
REPRESENTATIVES, CONTRACTORS, AGENTS, CONTENT PROVIDERS, SERVICE PROVIDERS,
OPERATORS, AND LICENSORS ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR CONTENT POSTED BY
THIRD PARTIES, ACTIONS OF ANY THIRD PARTY, OR FOR ANY DAMAGE TO, OR VIRUS  OR MALWARE THAT MAY INFECT, YOUR COMPUTER
EQUIPMENT, MOBILE DEVICE, OR OTHER PROPERTY. THE SITE CONTAINS FACTS, VIEWS,
OPINIONS, STATEMENTS AND RECOMMENDATIONS OF THIRD-PARTY INDIVIDUALS AND
ORGANIZATIONS. NEITHER THE SITE NOR PBCI REPRESENT OR ENDORSE THE ACCURACY,
CURRENTNESS OR RELIABILITY OF ANY ADVICE, OPINION, STATEMENT OR OTHER
INFORMATION DISPLAYED, UPLOADED OR DISTRIBUTED THROUGH THE SITE. ANY RELIANCE
UPON ANY SUCH OPINION, ADVICE, STATEMENT OR INFORMATION IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE SITE, PBCI AND/OR THEIR RESPECTIVE
OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, SHAREHOLDERS, MEMBERS, EMPLOYEES, REPRESENTATIVES,
CONTRACTORS, AGENTS, CONTENT PROVIDERS, SERVICE PROVIDERS, OPERATORS, OR
LICENSORS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL,
INCIDENTAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES RELATED
TO UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR DATA, THE
CONTENT OR ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THE CONTENT, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE SITE, PBCI
AND/OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, SHAREHOLDERS, EMPLOYEES,
REPRESENTATIVES, CONTRACTORS, AGENTS, CONTENT PROVIDERS OR LICENSORS SHALL NOT
BE LIABLE FOR ANY AMOUNT FOR DIRECT DAMAGES IN EXCESS OF THE LESSER OF $100 OR
THE AMOUNT YOU PAID TO USE THE SITE. THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY DESCRIBED
ABOVE SHALL APPLY FULLY TO RESIDENTS OF NEW JERSEY.
Indemnity.  You agree to indemnify, defend and hold
harmless the Site and PBCI, as well as each of their respective parent companies,
and each of their respective partners, suppliers, licensors, officers,
directors, shareholders, members, employees, representatives, contractors and
agents, and sub-licensees from any and all claims (including but not limited to
claims for defamation, trade disparagement, privacy and intellectual property
infringement) and damages (including attorneys' fees and court costs) in any
and all jurisdictions arising from or relating to any allegation regarding: (1)
your use of the Site; (2) the Site’s and/or PBCI’s use of any User Content or
information you provide; (3) information or material Provided through your
registration account, even if not posted by you; and (4) any violation of these
Terms by you.
International Users.  The Site is controlled, operated and
administered by PBCI or its designees from offices within the United States.
The Site and PBCI make no representation that materials or Content available
through the Site are appropriate or available for use outside the United States.  Access to the Site is prohibited from
territories where the Content is illegal. You may not use the Site or export
the Content and/or User Content in violation of U.S. export laws and
regulations. If you access the Site from a location outside the United States, you
are responsible for compliance with all applicable laws.
Modifying These Terms.  The Site and PBCI reserve the right to change
these Terms at any time in their respective discretion and to notify users of
any such changes solely by changing the Effective Date of these Terms. The most
current version of these Terms will supersede all previous versions. Your
continued use of the Site after the posting of any amended Terms shall
constitute your agreement to be bound by any such changes. Your use of the Site
prior to the time these Terms were posted will be governed according to the
Terms that applied at the time of your use.
Discontinuation of Service.  The Site may modify, suspend, discontinue or
restrict the use of any portion of the Site, including the availability of any
portion of the Content at any time, without notice or liability. The Site may
deny access to any registered member or other user at any time for any reason,
or no reason at all in our sole discretion. In addition, the Site or PBCI may at
any time transfer rights and obligations under these Terms to any PBCI
affiliate, subsidiary or business unit, or any of their affiliated companies or
divisions, or any entity that acquires PBCI, the Site or any of their
respective assets.
Statute of Limitations.  You agree to file any claim regarding any
aspect of this Site or these Terms within six months of the time in which the
events giving rise to such claim began, or you agree to waive such claim. This
statute of limitations provision does not apply to residents of New Jersey.
Disputes.  You may contact termsofservice@playboy.com to
address any concerns you may have regarding the Site. We will attempt to
resolve concerns quickly to our customers’ satisfaction. The parties shall use
their best efforts to settle any dispute, claim, question, or disagreement
directly through consultation with PBCI and good faith negotiations which shall
be a condition to either party initiating a lawsuit or arbitration.
For any
dispute that is not subject to binding arbitration or otherwise as set forth in
these Terms, you and PBCI agree to submit to the personal and exclusive
jurisdiction of and venue in the federal and state courts located in Los
Angeles County, California. You further agree to accept service of process by
mail, and hereby waive any and all jurisdictional and venue defenses otherwise
available.
These Terms
and the relationship between you and the Site shall be governed by the laws of
the State of California without regard to conflicts of law provisions.
TERMS SPECIFIC TO MEMBERSHIP AREAS
If you
subscribe or otherwise register to become a member of the Site, the following
provisions will apply in addition to the other Terms herein.
1. Billing
“www.pb-online1.com”
will appear on your credit card, bank statement, or phone bill for all
applicable charges. If multiple venues are joined utilizing any payment method,
your statement will list each individual purchase comprising the transaction. PBCI
may include other information on your statement based on credit card
association, telephone regulation, NACHA and any other mandated rules and
regulations. If you elect to use a checking account to purchase a subscription
to this Site, a debit will be executed on your checking account.
2. Payments / Fees
The Site may
have periodic subscription fees at the time of the initial enrolment for
subscription. You are responsible for such fees according to the terms and
conditions of the Site.  Subscription and
membership fees to Site are subject to change at any time at the sole and
absolute discretion of PBCI. The current monthly membership rate which will
appear on your credit card bill, will be debited from your account, charged to
your telephone, etc., depending on your choice of payment method.  NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY SET
FORTH IN THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, ANY LIFETIME SUBSCRIPTIONS SHALL BE
NON-REFUNDABLE AND NON-TRANSFERABLE, AND SHALL ENTITLE THE ORIGINAL REGISTERED
USER ONLY, FOR THE LIFE OF SUCH USER, TO ACCESS THE SITE AS LONG AS IT IS AN
ACTIVE SITE THAT IS OWNED AND OPERATED BY PBCI.
IF THE SITE IS DISCONTINUED, OR IF THE SITE IS NO LONGER OWNED AND
OPERATED BY PBCI, THEN THE SUBSCRIPTION SHALL TERMINATE.
3. Automatic Recurring Billing (If Selected By
You On The Sign Up Page)
In
accordance with the terms and conditions of the Site, subscription fees may be
automatically renewed at or after the end of the original term selected, for a
similar period of time and for a similar or lower amount, unless notice of
cancellation is received from you. Unless and until your subscription is cancelled
in accordance with the Terms hereof, you hereby authorize PBCI to charge your
chosen payment method to pay for the ongoing cost of membership. You hereby
further authorize PBCI to charge your chosen payment method for any and all
additional purchases of materials provided on the Site. In the event of an
unsuccessful recurring payment, an administration fee of up to $2.00 may be
applied in order to keep a subscription temporarily active until the full
subscription fee can be processed successfully.
4. Cancellation
At any time,
and without cause, subscription to the service may be terminated by you, PBCI, or
the Site upon notification of the other by electronic or conventional mail, by
chat, or by telephone. You are liable all for charges incurred to your account up
to and including the effectively date of the termination. Once you cancel your
membership, it will result in an immediate loss of access to the Site.
We offer
multiple cancellation methods. Each method has a specific processing time,
which may take up to 3 business days.
For fastest
service, give us a call using the toll-free number @ 1-800-635-5380 (USA &
CANADA) or +661-621-9060 (INTERNATIONAL), or if you prefer, click here to send us an email with your request and
we will respond as soon as possible. Please include your username and member ID
number found on your email receipt.
5. Refunds
Refunds for
purchases or recurring charges may be requested by contacting customer support.
Refunds or credits will not be issued for partially used Memberships.
Cancellation for all future recurring billing may be requested in accordance
with Section 8 - Cancellation. PBCI reserves the right to grant a refund or a
credit applicable to purchases to the Site at its discretion. The decision to
refund a charge does not imply the obligation to issue additional future
refunds. Should a refund be issued by PBCI for any reason, it will be credited
solely to the payment method used in the original transaction. PBCI will not
issue refunds by cash, check, or to another payment mechanism.
6. Cardholder Disputes/Chargebacks
All
chargebacks are thoroughly investigated and may prevent you from making future
purchases for other PBCI products and/or services. Fraud claims may result in PBCI
contacting your credit card issuer to protect you and prevent future fraudulent
charges to your credit card.
7. Authorization of Use
Subscribers
to the Site are granted a single right of access to the service or material
located at the Site. This right of access is authorized for the sole use by one
(1) subscriber. All memberships are provided for personal use and shall not be
used for any commercial purposes or by any third party. Commercial use of
either the Site or any material found therein is strictly prohibited unless
authorized by the Site. No material within the Site may be transferred to any
other person or entity, whether commercial or non-commercial. No material contained
on the Site may be distributed through peer-to-peer networks or any other file
sharing platforms. In addition, materials may not be modified, or altered.  Materials may not be displayed publicly, or
used for any rental, sale, or display. Materials shall extend to copyright,
trademarks, or other proprietary notices there from. PBCI and the Site reserve
the right to terminate your access right at any time if these Terms are
breached. In the case that the terms are breached, you will be required to
immediately destroy any information or material printed, downloaded or
otherwise copied from the Site.
8. Transfer of Access Rights
Access to
the Site is gained through a combination of a username and a password. You may
not under any circumstances release your access right to any other person or
entity, and are required to keep your access rights strictly confidential. PBCI
will not release passwords for any reason, to anyone other than you, except as
may be specifically required by law or court order. Unauthorized access to the
Site is considered a breach of these Terms. You acknowledge that PBCI may track
your entry to the Site. If any breach of security, theft or loss of access
rights, or unauthorized disclosure of access rights information occurs, you
must immediately notify PBCI of this security breach. You will remain liable
for all use of the Site in connection with your username and password, even if
such use is conducted by someone other than you.
MANDATORY ARBITRATION AND CLASS ACTION
WAIVER
PLEASE READ
THIS SECTION CAREFULLY. IT AFFECTS YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS, INCLUDING YOUR RIGHT TO
FILE A LAWSUIT IN COURT.
You and PBCI
agree that these Terms affect interstate commerce and that the Federal
Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of these arbitration
provisions.
This Section
is intended to be interpreted broadly and governs any and all disputes between
us, including but not limited to claims arising out of or relating to any
aspect of the relationship between us, whether based in contract, tort,
statute, fraud, misrepresentation or any other legal theory; claims that arose
before these Terms or any prior agreement (including, but not limited to,
claims related to advertising); and claims that may arise after the termination
of these Terms.  The only disputes
excluded from this broad prohibition are the litigation of certain intellectual
property and small court claims, as provided below.
By agreeing
to these Terms, you agree to resolve any and all disputes with PBCI as follows:
Initial Dispute Resolution.  Most disputes can be resolved without resorting
to litigation. You can reach us at
termsofservice@playboy.com. Except for intellectual property and small
claims court claims, the parties agree to use their best efforts to settle any
dispute, claim, question, or disagreement directly, and good faith negotiations
shall be a condition to either party initiating a lawsuit or arbitration
(except with respect to the exceptions set forth below).
Binding Arbitration. If the parties do
not reach an agreed-upon solution within a period of sixty  (60) days from the time informal dispute
resolution is initiated under the Initial Dispute Resolution provision above,
then either party may initiate binding arbitration as the sole means to resolve
claims, subject to the terms set forth below. Specifically, all claims arising
out of or relating to these Terms (including the Terms' or Privacy Policy's
formation, performance, and breach), the parties' relationship with each other,
and/or your use of the Site shall be finally settled by binding arbitration
administered by JAMS in accordance with the JAMS Streamlined Arbitration
Procedure Rules for claims that do not exceed $250,000 and the JAMS
Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures for claims exceeding $250,000 in
effect at the time the arbitration is initiated, excluding any rules or
procedures governing or permitting class actions. The arbitrator, and not any
federal, state, or local court or agency, shall have exclusive authority to
resolve all disputes arising out of or relating to the interpretation,
applicability, enforceability, or formation of these Terms or the Privacy
Policy, including but not limited to any claim that all or any part of these
Terms or the Privacy Policy is void or voidable, whether a claim is subject to
arbitration, or the question of waiver by litigation conduct. The arbitrator
shall be empowered to grant whatever relief would be available in a court under
law or in equity. The arbitrator's award shall be written and shall be binding
on the parties and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent
jurisdiction. To start an arbitration, you must do the following: (a) write a
Demand for Arbitration that includes a description of the claim and the amount
of damages you seek to recover (you may find a copy of a Demand for Arbitration
at   www.jamsadr.com  ); (b) send three copies of the Demand for
Arbitration, plus the appropriate filing fee, to JAMS, Two Embarcadero Center,
Suite 1500, San Francisco, California 94111; and (c) send one copy of the
Demand for Arbitration to PBCI at 9346 Civic Center Drive, Suite 200, Beverly
Hills CA 90210.
To the
extent the filing fee for the arbitration exceeds the cost of filing a lawsuit,
PBCI will pay the additional cost. If the arbitrator finds the arbitration to
be non-frivolous, PBCI will pay the fees invoiced by JAMS, including filing
fees and arbitrator and hearing expenses. You are responsible for your own
attorneys' fees unless the arbitration rules and/or applicable law provide
otherwise.
The parties
understand that, absent this mandatory arbitration provision, they would have
the right to sue in court and have a jury trial. They further understand that,
in some instances, the costs of arbitration could exceed the costs of
litigation and the right to discovery may be more limited in arbitration than
in court.
If you are a
resident of the United States, arbitration may take place in the county where
you reside at the time of filing. For individuals residing outside the United
States, arbitration shall be initiated in Los Angeles County in the State of
California, United States of America, and you and PBCI agree to submit to the
personal jurisdiction of any federal or state court in Los Angeles County,
California in order to compel arbitration, to stay proceedings pending
arbitration, or to confirm, modify, vacate, or enter judgment on the award
entered by the arbitrator.
Class Action Waiver. The parties
further agree that the arbitration shall be conducted in their individual
capacities only and not as a class action or other representative action, and
the parties expressly waive their right to file a class action or seek relief on
a class basis.  YOU AND PBCI AGREE THAT
EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL
CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR
REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING.  If any court
or arbitrator determines that the class action waiver set forth in this
paragraph is void or unenforceable for any reason or that an arbitration can
proceed on a class basis, then the arbitration provisions set forth above shall
be deemed null and void in their entirety and the parties shall be deemed to
have not agreed to arbitrate disputes on a class basis.
Exception. Litigation of Intellectual
Property and Small Claims Court Claims:
Notwithstanding the parties' decision to resolve all disputes through
arbitration, either party may bring enforcement actions, validity
determinations or claims arising from or relating to theft, piracy or
unauthorized use of intellectual property in state or federal court or in the
U.S. Patent and Trademark Office to protect its intellectual property rights ("intellectual
property rights" means patents, copyrights, moral rights, trademarks, and
trade secrets, but not privacy or publicity rights). Either party may also seek
relief in a small claims court for disputes or claims within the scope of that
court's jurisdiction.
30-Day Right to Opt Out.  You have the right to opt out and not be
bound by the arbitration and class action waiver provisions set forth above by
sending written notice of your decision to opt out to   termsofservice@playboy.com  with the subject line, "MANDATORY
ARBITRATION AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER OPT-OUT." The notice must be sent
within thirty (30) days of (a) the Effective Date of these Terms; or (b) the
first date that you used the Site that contained any versions of the Terms that
included this version of the mandatory arbitration and class action waiver,
whichever is later.  Otherwise, you shall
be bound to arbitrate disputes in accordance with the terms of those
paragraphs. If you opt out of these arbitration provisions, PBCI also will not
be bound by them.
Changes to This Section. Any changes to
this section will be made in the same manner as described in the section
entitled “Modifying These Terms” above; however, such changes will only become
effective sixty (60) days after the revised Effective Date of these Terms and
will only apply prospectively to claims arising after the sixtieth (60th) day.
If a court or arbitrator decides that this subsection on "Changes to This
Section" is not enforceable or valid, then this subsection shall be severed
from the section entitled “Mandatory Arbitration and Class Action Waiver,” and
the court or arbitrator shall apply the first Mandatory Arbitration and Class
Action Waiver section in existence after you began using the Site.
Survival. This Mandatory Arbitration
and Class Action Waiver section shall survive any termination of your account
or the Site.
General Provisions.
Force Majeure.  The failure of the Site or PBCI to comply
with any provision of these Terms due to an act of God, hurricane, war, fire,
riot, earthquake, terrorism, act of public enemies, actions of governmental
authorities outside of the control of the Site or PBCI (excepting compliance
with applicable codes and regulations) or other force majeure event will not be
considered a breach of these Terms.
Severability.  If for any reason any provision of these
Terms is found unenforceable, that provision shall be enforced to the maximum
extent permissible so as to affect the intent of the parties as reflected in
that provision, and the remainder of these Terms shall continue in full force
and effect.
No Waiver.  Any failure of the Site to enforce or
exercise any provision of these Terms or related right shall not constitute a
waiver of that right or provision.
No Third-Party Beneficiaries.  You agree, except as expressly provided in
these Terms, there shall be no third-party beneficiaries to these Terms.
Section Titles.  The section titles used in these Terms are
purely for convenience and carry with them no legal or contractual effect.
Termination.  In the event of termination of these Terms
for any reason, you agree the following provisions will survive: the provisions
regarding limitations on your use of Content, the license(s) you have granted
to the Site, the Disputes provisions, and all other provisions for which
survival is equitable or appropriate.
Conflicts.  In the case of a conflict between these Terms
and the terms of any electronic or machine readable statement or policy, these
Terms shall control. In case of a conflict between these Terms and our Privacy
Policy, the Privacy Policy controls.
No Joint Venture, Partnership, or Agency
Relationship.  No joint venture,
partnership or agency relationship exists between you and the Site. These
Terms, our Privacy Policy, any uses of the Site by you, and any information,
products, or services provided by the Site to you do not create and shall not
be construed to create a joint venture, partnership or agency relationship between
you and the Site or PBCI.
Material Terms.  You agree that the provisions of these Terms
that limit liability and disclaim warranties are essential terms of these Terms
of Service.
Entire Agreement.  These Terms constitute the entire agreement
between you and the Site and supersede all prior or contemporaneous
understandings regarding such subject matter. No amendment to or modification
of these Terms will be binding unless made in writing and signed by PBCI. No
failure to exercise, and no delay in exercising, on the part of either party,
any right or any power hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall
any single or partial exercise of any right or power hereunder preclude further
exercise of any other right hereunder. In the event of a conflict between these
Terms and any applicable purchase or other terms, these Terms shall
govern.
PLAYBOY.COM, INC. AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATES, INCLUDING PLAYBOY TV UK LIMITED SUITE 1, 3RD FLOOR 11-12 ST. JAMES SQUARE, LONDON SW1Y 4LB UK, C/O 9346 CIVIC CENTER DRIVE, SUITE #200, BEVERLY HILLS, CA 90210
Effective Date:
March 26, 2018