https://www.rainbowmountain.net/privacy
Rainbow Mountain Resort PrivacyDue to the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation) we have created this Privacy Page. We understand that this legislation applies only to European citizens, but we wanted to assure every subscriber that we take the protection of their data seriously.
Who We Are
Rainbow Mountain Resort is a privately owned and operated resort in Stroudsburg, PA and is managed by Diego Rosa. The purpose of this website and corresponding newsletter is to promote the resort, our upcoming events, and provide general booking information.
Official Sites
Rainbow Mountain Resort
Our Newsletter
BookCenter – view their privacy policy and GDPR guarantee
Affiliated Social Connections
Rainbow Mountain Resort Facebook – Facebook’s privacy policy
Rainbow Mountain Resort Google Plus – Google’s privacy policy
Rainbow Mountain Resort Instagram – Instagram’s privacy policy
Rainbow Mountain Resort Twitter – Twitter’s privacy policy
Data Collection
Website
Non-personally identifying information such as browser type, referring site, date and time of visit may be collected for the purpose of understanding how visitors use the site. This information is not released or shared with anyone not associated with Rainbow Mountain Resort.
Personally identifying information such as IP address, name, email address, website address are collected for users who choose to leave comments on posts. Email addresses will not be posted, only name and website address if the user chooses to share it. This information is used by WordPress to send further comments/responses to users who choose to receive them or by Rainbow Mountain Resort for the sole purpose of communicating with website visitors. This information will not be disclosed to anyone outside of Rainbow Mountain Resort and it’s contractors except in response to a court order or governmental request. We will not ask for any data that is not necessary and relevant for the purpose stated on the form.
Held on file with WordPress: name and email address of anyone who signs up to receive updates when something is added to the website. Users may unsubscribe from these updates at any time.
Cookies: Rainbow Mountain Resort uses cookies to help identify and track visitors and their usage of this website. Visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers may set their browsers to refuse cookies with the caveat that some site features may not function properly.
Newsletter
This newsletter is sent through GoDaddy Email Marketing and subscribers names, email address, IP address, time zone, time of sign up, and the method for signing up (website sign up or other promotion) are stored on GoDaddy’s website. Rainbow Mountain Resort uses this information for sending newsletters to subscribers, and it will not be shared with anyone outside Rainbow Mountain Resort.
BookingCenter
This website accepts room reservations through BookingCenter, an all in one reservation system that gathers personal contact information, dates of travel, and credit card information via a secure PCI-compliant credit card processor. Rainbow Mountain Resort uses this information to fulfill your reservation request. View their privacy policy and GDPR guarantee.
Your Rights
You have the right to access your personal data and to know how we use it.
You have the right to request that we update or correct your personal data.
You have the right to be forgotten and may request that we delete your personal data.
How to Enforce Them
At the bottom of every email you receive from the blog subscription or newsletter are links to update your data or unsubscribe entirely. This does not delete your personal data. To have your data deleted or if you don’t want to wait for the next email, you can contact Rainbow Mountain Resort at any time with your request.
Contact: info@rainbowmountain.com