http://www.naughtyallie.com/freeguestarea/terms
User Terms & Conditions
For:
www.NaughtyAllie.com
Effective Date: May
29, 2015
Last Modified: May
29, 2015
Introduction – Welcome to the User
Agreement (hereinafter “Agreement” or “Terms and Conditions”) for Our Site. The
provisions of this Agreement will govern Your use of Our Site, specifically,
NaughtyAllie.com, and You should read the Agreement carefully.  Federal law
protects sites like Ours from civil claims, so We encourage You to
independently research any information found on Our Site prior to making any
decisions or purchases.  Should You have any questions or comments regarding
Our Site or policies, please feel free to contact Us at: webmaster@naughtyallie.com
1. PRELIMINARY
PROVISIONS –  Through this Agreement, We are placing legal conditions on
Your use of this Site and making certain promises to You:
1.1.
You must agree to all of the conditions in this
Agreement.  If You do not wish to be bound by each and every provision in this
Agreement, then You are not welcome to use the Site and should leave and use
another service.
1.2.
The Site is for adults only.  If You are under the age of
eighteen (18) You are not to use the Site.  Misrepresentation of Your
age to gain access to Our Site is considered a breach of this Agreement and a
violation of federal law.
1.3.
If You do not understand all of the terms in this Agreement,
then You should consult with a lawyer before using the Site.
1.4.
Party Definitions & Introductory Terms - The
operative parties referred to in this Agreement are defined as follows:
1.4.1.
Company – The operator of www.NaughtyAllie.com and any
affiliated or successor domains (hereinafter the “Site”).  First-person
pronouns used in this Agreement (Us, We, Our, Ours, etc.), refer to the
operator as publisher of the Site (“Company”). Our Site, and the Services the Site
provides (”Services”), may contain images and content, including but not
limited to text, software, images, graphics, data, messages, or any other
information, and any other website content owned, operated, licensed, or
controlled by the Company (collectively, “Materials”).
1.4.2.
You, the User - As the User of the Site and/or Services, this
Agreement will refer to the User as “You” or through any second-person
pronouns, such as “Yours,” etc.  You certify that You are over eighteen (18)
years of age.
1.4.3.
User vs. Member - For the purposes of this Agreement, all
Members are Users, but not all Users are Members.  This Agreement applies to
all Users whether they are Members or not.  You become a User by accessing this
Site or Service in any way.  You need not become a Member of the Site to make
this Agreement apply to You.  You become a Member of the Site upon completing
the membership registration.
1.5.
What this Agreement is - This Agreement is a legal
contract between You and the Company. You should treat it as any other legal contract
by reading its provisions carefully, as they will affect Your legal rights. By
accessing the Site in any manner, You are affirmatively agreeing to be bound by
this Agreement. You may not pick and choose which terms apply to You. If You do
not agree with all of the terms in this Agreement, You must cease all access
and use of the Site.  Nothing in this Agreement is intended to create any
enforcement rights by third parties.
1.6.
Consideration - Consideration for Your assent to this
Agreement has been provided to You in the form of allowing You to use Our Site
and Services.  You agree that such consideration is adequate, and that it is
received upon Your viewing or using any portion of Our Site and/or Services.
1.7.
Electronic Signatures / Assent Required:
1.7.1.
Nobody is authorized to access this Site or use the Services unless
they have signed this Agreement.  Such signature does not need to be a physical
signature, since electronic acceptance of this Agreement is permitted by the
Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act (E-Sign Act) and
similar federal and state laws.  You manifest Your agreement to this Agreement
by taking any act demonstrating Your assent thereto.  Most likely, You have
clicked or will click a button containing the words “I agree” or some similar
syntax.  You should understand that this has the same legal effect as You
placing Your physical signature on any other legal contract.  If You click any
link, button, or other device provided to You in any part of Our Site’s
interface, then you have legally agreed to this Agreement.  Additionally, by
using any part of Our Site or Services in any manner, You understand and agree
that We will consider such use as Your affirmation of Your complete and
unconditional acceptance to all of the terms in this Agreement.
1.7.2.
If You fail to electronically sign, or otherwise agree to this
Agreement, You understand that You are an unauthorized user of the Site,
despite any payments made or services provided to You. No act or omission by Us
should be interpreted as a waiver of the requirement that You assent to this
Agreement.  If You fail to do so, You are still bound by this Agreement by
virtue of Your viewing the Site or using any portion of the Site or Our
Services.  However, if You fail to electronically sign this Agreement, You
stipulate to and agree to pay Us two hundred and fifty dollars ($250) each time
You access the Site as liquidated damages for unauthorized access and use, and
You agree to pay all of Our costs and expenses, including attorney’s fees
incurred in collecting such fees from You.
1.8.
If You are seeking information regarding any illegal
activities, please leave this Site immediately and do not attempt to use the
Services. You acknowledge that You are aware of the community standards in your
jurisdiction, and You will only access the Site or use the Services if You doing
so does not offend such community standards.
1.9.
You agree not to use the Services or access the Site if doing
so would violate the laws of Your state, province, or country.
1.10.
Revisions to this User Agreement:
1.10.1.
From time to time, We may revise this Agreement.  We reserve the
right to do so, and You agree that We have this right.  You agree that all
modifications or changes to this Agreement are in force and enforceable
immediately upon posting.  Any updated or edited version supersedes any prior
versions immediately upon posting, and the prior version is of no continuing
legal effect unless the revised version specifically refers to the prior
version and keeps the prior version or portions thereof in effect.  To the
extent any amendment of this Agreement is deemed ineffective or invalid by any
court, the parties intend that the prior, effective version of this Agreement
be considered valid and enforceable to the fullest extent.
1.10.2.
We agree that if We change anything in this Agreement, We will
change the “last modified” date at the top of this Agreement so that it is
immediately obvious that We have updated the Agreement.  You agree to periodically
re-visit this web page, and to use the “refresh” button on Your browser when
doing so.  You agree to note the date of the last revision to this Agreement.
If the “last modified” date remains unchanged from the last time You reviewed
this Agreement, then You may presume that nothing in the Agreement has been
changed since the last time You read it.  If the “last modified” date has
changed, something in the Agreement has been changed, and that you need to
re-review it in order to determine how Your rights and responsibilities may
have been affected by the revisions.
1.10.3.
Waiver – If You fail to periodically review this Agreement to
determine if any of the terms have changed, You assume all responsibility for
your failure to do so and You agree that such failure amounts to Your
affirmative waiver of Your right to review the amended terms.  We are not
responsible for Your neglect of Your legal rights.
1.11.
Incorporations by Reference.  Although this Agreement
represents the primary terms and conditions of service for Our Site, additional
guidelines and rules are hereby incorporated by reference.  The document(s)
which can be found on Our Site, and which are specifically incorporated by
reference, and are therefore part and parcel of this Agreement are the
following:
Our Privacy Policy, located at: http://www.NaughtyAllie.com/privacypolicy
Our Subpoena Compliance Policy, located at:
http://www.NaughtyAllie.com/subpoena
2.
EXPLANATION OF ACCESS & MEMBERSHIP
2.1.
Access and limited license – All Users may access
certain public areas of the Site.  You understand that all We are providing You
is access to Our Services as We provide them.  You need to provide Your own
access to the Internet, and any Internet access or other fees that You incur to
access Our Site and use Our Services are Your sole responsibility.  This
Agreement covers all public and non-public areas of the Site.
2.2.
To access certain features of the Site and Services, You must
register as a Member of the Site.  Membership may not be transferred or sold to
a third party. The Site and its affiliates disclaim any and all liability
arising from fraudulent entry and use of the Site. If a User fraudulently
obtains access, the Site may terminate membership immediately and take all
necessary actions under applicable federal, state, and international laws.
2.3.
Membership Fees
2.3.1.
Membership fees are prominently displayed prior to Your subscription
purchase.  You agree to pay all Membership fees in accordance with Our billing
terms and the additional terms and/or policies imposed by Our third party
payment processor.  You are responsible for review and compliance with such
entity’s terms in addition to those contained in this Agreement.
2.3.2.
You agree to pay all Membership fees when due.  Your account will be
deemed past due if it is not paid in full by the payment due date, and You may
be subject to penalties as a result.
2.3.3.
At the time of registration, You must select a payment method.  Your
card issuer agreement may contain additional terms with respect to Your rights
and liabilities as a card holder.  You agree to pay all amounts due to Us
immediately upon cancellation or termination of Your account.  We reserve the
right to make changes to Our fees and billing methods, including the addition
of supplemental charges for any content or services provided by the Site, with
or without prior notice to You, at any time.  THIS SITE MAY USE AN AUTOMATIC
REBILL CYCLE ACCORDING TO THE MEMBER’S SELECTED PAYMENT OPTION.
2.3.4.
Billing Errors. If You believe that You have been erroneously
billed, please notify Our third party billing agent immediately of such error.
You understand and agree that Our third party payment processor may impose
additional requirements and/or limitations pertaining to reporting billing
errors.  You release Us from all liabilities and claims of loss resulting from
any billing error related to accessing the Site.
2.4.
Termination of Your Membership.
2.4.1.
You may cancel Your membership at any time by accessing Your account
settings, or visiting: http://www.NaughtyAllie.com/cancel/
2.4.2.
Without limiting other remedies, We may immediately issue a warning,
temporarily suspend, indefinitely suspend, or terminate Your access and use of
the Site and Services at any time, with or without advance notice, if:
2.4.2.1.
We believe, in Our sole discretion, that You have breached any
material term of this Agreement or Our Site’s policies;
2.4.2.2.
We are unable to verify information provided by You;
2.4.2.3.
We believe, in Our sole discretion, that Your actions may cause
legal liability for You, Our Users or Us; or
2.4.2.4.
We decide to cease operations or to otherwise discontinue any
feature(s) of the Site and/or Service.
2.4.3.
You agree that neither the Site nor any third party acting on Our
behalf shall be liable to You for any termination of Your access to any part of
the Site.
2.4.4.
You agree that if Your access is terminated by Us, You will not
attempt to regain access to the Site without prior written consent from Us.
2.5.
Stolen and/or Fraudulent Use of Payment Methods:  We
take credit card fraud very seriously. Discovery that any Member has used a
stolen or fraudulent credit card, debit card, or other payment method, will
result in the notification of the appropriate law enforcement agencies and
termination of such Member’s account.
2.6.
To access the Site or some of the resources it has to offer,
You may be asked to provide certain registration details or other information.
In order to verify Your identity, some of this information may be personal,
private or detailed.  In connection with completing the online registration
form, You agree to provide accurate and complete information about Yourself ("Registration
Data"); and You further agree to maintain and promptly update the
Registration Data to keep it accurate and complete at all times while You are a
Member.  While we use reasonable efforts to protect the personal information of
others from inadvertent release or misappropriation, We are not responsible for
the intentional or criminal acts of third parties.
2.7.
You must promptly inform Us of all changes to Registration
Data, including, but not limited to, changes in address and payment method. If
You provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or
incomplete, or if We or any of Our authorized agents have reasonable grounds to
suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete,
We have the right to suspend or terminate Your account and refuse any and all
current or future use of the Site and Services, as well as subjecting You to
criminal and civil liability.
2.8.
You are entirely responsible for any and all activities
conducted through Your account.  You agree to notify Us immediately of any
unauthorized use of Your account as well as of any other breach of security.
2.9.
Limited License
2.9.1.
Subject to Your acceptance of this Agreement, We grant You a
limited, nonexclusive, nontransferable personal license to access and use the
Site, Materials, and Services. We provide the Materials and Services on this
Site for the personal, non-commercial use by Users of the Site. Users of this
Site are granted a single copy license to view the Materials.
2.9.2.
All Materials and Services available on the Site shall be for
private non-commercial use only, and all other uses are strictly prohibited.
We reserve the right to pursue vigorous legal action against unauthorized
access and/or use of the Site by business and commercial entities.
2.9.3.
We reserve the right to limit the amount of Materials viewed.  You
agree to prevent any unauthorized copying of the Site, or any of the Materials
contained therein.  Any unauthorized use of the Site or any of the Materials
contained therein terminates this limited license effective immediately. This
is a license to use and access the Site for its intended purpose and is not a
transfer of title.  You will not copy or redistribute any of the content
appearing on this Site.  We reserve the right to terminate this license at any
time if You breach or violate any provision of this Agreement, in which case
You will be obligated to immediately destroy any information or Materials You
have downloaded, printed or otherwise copied from this Site.  Violators of this
limited license may be prosecuted to the fullest extent under the applicable
law.
2.10.
Service Interruption: From time to time due to
technological factors and other factors beyond Our control, the Service may be
temporarily interrupted and/or access to the Site and the ability to log into
the Site may not be available.  You agree to hold Us harmless against any such
interruption of or inability to access the Service.
2.11.
Agreement to Receive Communications: We reserve the
right to send electronic communications to Members. The purpose of these
communications may include but is not limited to providing information about
the Site, and/or related products and services offered by Us and/or Our
affiliates.
3.
SPECIAL CONSIDERATIONS REGARDING MINORS
3.1.
Age of Majority.  In order to use the Site or any
Services provided by the Company, You must have attained the age of majority in
Your jurisdiction.  You represent and warrant You are at least eighteen (18) or
twenty-one (21) years of age, depending on the age of majority in Your
jurisdiction, and that You have the legal capacity to enter into this
Agreement.  If You are not at least eighteen (18) or twenty-one (21) years of
age, You must exit the Site immediately and may not use or access the Site or
the Services in any manner.
3.1.1.
We specifically disclaim any responsibility or liability for any
misrepresentations regarding a User’s age.
3.1.2.
You represent and warrant that You will not allow any minor
access to this Site or Services.  Users should implement parental
control protections, such as computer hardware, software, or filtering
services, which may help Users to limit minors’ access to harmful material.
You acknowledge that if Your computer or mobile device can be accessed by a
minor, that You will take all precautions to keep Our Materials from being
viewed by minors.  You additionally acknowledge that if You are a parent, it is
Your responsibility, and not Ours, to keep any age-restricted content from
being displayed to Your children or wards.
3.2.
WE HAVE A ZERO TOLERANCE POLICY FOR PORNOGRAPHIC MATERIAL
INVOLVING MINORS AND A ZERO TOLERANCE POLICY REGARDING PEDOPHILES OR ANY
PEDOPHILIC ACTIVITY.
3.2.1.
All depictions of persons on this Site and in all Materials produced
or published by Us are of persons over the age of eighteen (18) as of the date
of production of the depiction. We take great measures to ensure that no
underage individuals are depicted in Our Materials.
3.2.2.
If You seek any form of pornographic materials involving minors
(including “virtual” pornography involving minors), You must exit this Site and
cease using Our Services immediately.  We do not provide this kind of material
and We do not tolerate those who provide this kind of material nor do We
tolerate consumers of this kind of material.
3.2.3.
In order to further Our zero-tolerance policy, You agree that You
will report any images, real or simulated, that appear to depict minors on Our
Site.  If You see any images or other depictions that are questionable, You
agree to report these images by emailing: webmaster@naughtyallie.com Include
with Your report any appropriate evidence, including the date and time of
identification. All reports will immediately be investigated and the
appropriate action will be taken.
We
enthusiastically cooperate with any law-enforcement agency investigating child
pornography, and comply with Title 18 U.S.C. 2258A relating to the mandatory
reporting of actual pornography involving minors of which We become aware.  If
You suspect other outside webSite are participating in unlawful activities involving
minors, please report them to a reporting service such as ASACP.org (http://www.asacp.org/index.php?content=report) or the N.C.M.E.C. Cybertip Hotline (https://report.cybertip.org/index.htm).
4.
IMAGES & CONTENT
4.1.
Our Site(s) and Services contain images and content,
including but not limited to text, software, images, graphics, data, messages,
or any other information owned, operated, licensed, or controlled by Us.
4.2.
You acknowledge and stipulate that all of the Materials
constitute expressive content that is fully protected by the First Amendment to
the United States Constitution.
4.3.
You acknowledge and understand that some or all of the
Materials on Our Site and transmitted via Our Services may be inappropriate for
viewing by minors.  You acknowledge that You are aware of the nature of the
Materials provided by or through the Site and that You are not offended by such
Materials, and that You access the Site and Services freely, voluntarily, and
willingly, and for Your own personal enjoyment.
4.4.
By uploading media content and/or entering text onto the Site
(“Your Content”), You agree to give Us and all of Our Users irrevocable
nonexclusive royalty-free rights to use Your Content for any purpose, including
publication, display, modification, and creation of derivative works. We have
the right to license any of Your Content up until the time You remove the content
from the Website. You agree that Your Content will comply with all
provisions set forth in this Agreement.
4.5.
You agree that We reserve the right, at Our sole discretion
and with no obligation to do so, to delete any content violating the terms
within this Agreement. We may delete any content including pictures, messages
or profiles that are deemed in Our sole discretion to be illegal, immoral,
offensive, or in violation of the letter and spirit of this Agreement and the
purpose of the Site or any of its affiliates.
4.6.
Section 230 Notice: You acknowledge Your responsibility to prevent minors
under Your care from accessing harmful or inappropriate material. You
agree not to allow minors to view any such content, and You agree to take
responsible measures to prevent them from doing so. Numerous commercial
online safety filters are available which may help users limit minors' access to harmful or inappropriate material.
Pursuant to 47 U.S.C. §230(d), You are hereby informed that You
can research such services by visiting http://kids.getnetwise.org/, or other similar webSite providing such filters.
Please note that We make no representation or warranty regarding any of
the products or services referenced on such Site, and We recommend that You
conduct appropriate due diligence before purchasing or installing any online
filter. You agree to take particular steps to prevent minors from viewing
Our Site or the content received via Our Services if Your computer or mobile
device can be accessed by a minor. Finally, You agree that if You are a
parent or guardian of a minor child, it is Your responsibility, not Ours, to
keep any age-restricted content on Our Site or Services from being displayed or
accessed by Your children or wards.
4.7.
Pursuant to the Communications Decency Act (“CDA”), 47 U.S.C.
§ 230(c)(1), and court decisions
interpreting the scope of the CDA, You acknowledge and understand that We
operate as the provider of an interactive
computer service.  Thus, We are immune from, and cannot be held responsible
for, claims arising from the publication or transmission of the content of
other Users and third parties.  We do not create such content, and We are not
responsible for the publication of remarks or communications of third-parties
that may arguably rise to the level of being actionable under federal or state
laws including, but not limited to, the publication of material that might be
considered defamatory, or violative of privacy or publicity rights.  Note that
federal law allows Us to remove or block any content found to be offensive,
defamatory, obscene or otherwise violative of Our policies, without impacting
Our status as the provider of an interactive computer service.  Nothing
contained in this Agreement is intended to limit or alter the immunity from
claims provided by Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act, and no third
parties are intended to benefit from this Agreement between You and Us.
4.8.
License To Use Your Information and Content:  With the
exception of personal financial and billing information, You hereby grant to Us
the perpetual, unlimited, royalty-free, worldwide, non-exclusive, irrevocable,
transferable license to run, display, copy, reproduce, publish, bundle,
distribute, market, create derivative works of, adapt, translate, transmit,
arrange, modify, sub-license, export, merge, transfer, loan, rent, lease,
assign, share, outsource, host, make available to any person or otherwise use,
any text, images, data, video or other information and content You provide on
or through this Site or which is sent to Us or others by forum, text, e-mail or
other correspondence, for any purpose whatsoever.  This license shall include
the right to copy and transfer Your entire profile, or portions thereof, and
all its content, including text, pictures, photographs, personal description,
and any contact information, to any affiliate or related or partner Site of
Ours  and to post such content on different pages of the Site at Our sole
discretion.  We shall not be subject to any obligations of confidentiality
regarding any such information unless specifically agreed by Us in writing or
required by law.
4.9.
By uploading any photographs or videos of Yourself or others,
and by entering any text or other content, You hereby swear that You own or
control all intellectual property and publicity rights with respect to the
uploaded photographs, videos and content; and You hereby irrevocably grant a
non-exclusive right and license to Us to:
4.9.1.
Reproduce, transmit, communicate, display, or distribute Your
submitted photographs and content, on or as part of Our Site, on other Internet
Site, or elsewhere, for promotional or commercial purposes, by means of any
technology, whether now known or hereafter to become known;
4.9.2.
Reproduce Your photographs and content in digital form of display on
the Internet (alone or in combination with other works, including, but not
limited to, text, data, images, photographs, illustrations, animation,
graphics, video, or audio segments, and hypertext links);
4.9.3.
Adapt, modify, or alter Your photographs and content or otherwise
create derivative works based upon Your photographs and content; and for all
other reasonable promotional or commercial uses either as part of the operation
of Our Site(s), or as a promotion or operation of any derivative or related
businesses.
5.
RESTRICTIONS ON USE OF OUR SITE & SERVICES:
5.1.
You agree that You will only use the Site and Services for
purposes expressly permitted and contemplated by this Agreement.  You may not
use the Site and Services for any other purposes without Our express prior
written consent.
5.2.
Without Our express prior written authorization, You may
not:
5.2.1.
Duplicate any part of Our Site or the Materials contained therein or
received via the Services (except as expressly provided elsewhere in this
Agreement);
5.2.2.
Create any derivative works based on Our Site or any of the
Materials contained therein or received via the Services, and You agree and
stipulate that any and all derivative works are NOT “fair use;”
5.2.3.
Use Our Site or Services, or any of the Materials contained therein,
for any public display, public performance, sale or rental, and You hereby
agree and stipulate that any and all such uses are NOT “fair use”;
5.2.4.
Re-distribute Our Site or any of the Materials contained therein or
received through the Services, and You hereby agree and stipulate that any and
all such uses are NOT “fair use;”
5.2.5.
Remove any copyright or other proprietary notices from Our Site or
any of the Materials contained therein;
5.2.6.
Frame or utilize any framing techniques in connection with Our Site
or any of the Materials contained therein;
5.2.7.
Circumvent any encryption or other security tools used anywhere on
the Site or in conjunction with the Services (including the theft of user names
and passwords or using another person’s user name and password in order to gain
access to a restricted area of the Site);
5.2.8.
Use any data mining, bots, or similar data gathering and extraction
tools on the Site or in conjunction with the Services;
5.2.9.
Sell, rent, lease, license, sublicense, transfer, distribute,
re-transmit, time-share, use as a service bureau or otherwise assign to any
third party the Materials or Services or any of Your rights to access and use
the Materials or Services as granted specifically by this Agreement; or
5.2.10.
Use Our Services for any commercial purpose unless expressly agreed
to by Us in writing and at Our sole discretion.  Without such consent by Us,
Your use of the Site and Services is strictly for personal use;
5.2.11.
Use Our Services to impersonate any other User or person;
5.2.12.
Use any material or information, including images or photographs,
which are made available through the Services in any manner that infringes any
copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, publicity or other proprietary
right of any party;
5.2.13.
Use Our Services to send any message or content to any other User or
person that may be viewed as defamatory, vulgar, threatening, unlawful,
abusive, tortious, invasive of that person’s privacy, or racially, ethnically,
or otherwise objectionable;
5.2.14.
Defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise violate the
legal rights (such as rights of privacy and publicity) of others;
5.2.15.
Publish, post, upload, distribute, traffic or disseminate any
defamatory, obscene, or otherwise unlawful content, such as child pornography;
5.2.16.
Publish, post, upload, distribute or disseminate any topic, name,
material or information that incites discrimination, hate or violence towards
one person or a group because of their belonging to a race, a religion or a nation;
5.2.17.
Upload, or otherwise make available files or products that contain
images, photographs, software or other material protected by intellectual
property laws, including, by way of example, and not as limitation, copyright
or trademark laws (or by rights of privacy or publicity) unless You own or
control the rights thereto or have received all necessary consents to do same;
5.2.18.
Upload or attempt to upload files that contain viruses, corrupted
files, or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation
of another’s property;
5.2.19.
Falsify or delete any author attributions, legal or other proper
notices or proprietary designations or labels of the origin or source of
software or other material contained in a file that is uploaded;
5.2.20.
Restrict or inhibit any other User from using and enjoying the
Services;
5.2.21.
Harvest or otherwise collect information about others, including
email addresses or other personally-identifiable information; or
5.2.22.
Violate any applicable laws, policies, or regulations.
5.3.
Restrictions on User Posted Media: We do not permit
Members to upload or publish visual media, including images, video and other
depictions, which contain obscene, underage or illegal content. All persons
depicted in Your Content, images or video must be at least 18 years of age when
the depiction was created.
5.4.
We reserve the right to review and/or reject any
content created and/or posted by the User and We may delete any profiles
without warning, although the Site undertakes no obligation to monitor User
content or take any such actions.  We encourage Our Members to report any
violations of these restrictions by other Members.  Uploading prohibited
depictions violates this Agreement, and may result in suspension or
cancellation of Your account.
5.5.
You agree to cooperate with Us in causing any unauthorized
use to cease immediately.  You are solely responsible for submitting any
material that violates any United States or international laws even if a claim
arises after Your service is terminated, and by doing so, Your actions shall
constitute a material breach of this Agreement and the Site shall terminate all
of Your rights under this Agreement.  Nothing contained in this Agreement shall
obligate Us to monitor or investigate any use of Our Services by Our Users or
other third parties, other than as required by applicable law.
5.6.
Interference.  Except where expressly permitted by
law, You may not translate, reverse-engineer, decompile, disassemble, or make
derivative works from any of Our Materials or any other Materials from Our Site. You hereby
agree not to use any automatic device or manual process to monitor or reproduce
the Site or Materials, and will not use any device, software, computer code, or
virus to interfere or attempt to disrupt or damage the Site or any
communications on it.  If You do not adhere to this provision of this
Agreement, You hereby stipulate to and agree to pay liquidated damages of five
thousand dollars ($5000) plus any and all fees associated with recovery of
these damages, including attorney’s fees and costs.
5.7.
DMCA. We respect the
intellectual property rights of copyright holders, and thus voluntarily comply
with the Notice and Takedown provisions of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act
(“DMCA”). Our DMCA Notice and Takedown Policy is available here: http://www.dmcanotice.com/Notice&TakedownPolicy.html
6.
STIPULATED LIQUIDATED DAMAGES: In various provisions
in this Agreement, We have outlined liquidated damages amounts to be applied as
penalties against You if You violate these specific provisions.  You
specifically agree to pay these amounts.  In agreeing to pay liquidated
damages, You acknowledge that this amount is not a penalty, that the actual
damages are uncertain and difficult to ascertain, but that this amount
represents the parties’ good faith attempt to calculate an appropriate
compensation based on anticipated actual damages.  For any breach of a portion
of this Agreement that does not specifically state a liquidated damages amount,
You agree that any breach of this Agreement shall result in liquidated damages
of one hundred dollars ($100) per occurrence.
7.
DISCLAIMER OF
WARRANTY:
7.1.
You expressly agree that use of the Site and Services, or any
of the Materials contained therein is at Your own and sole risk. You also
understand and agree that any material and/or data downloaded or otherwise
obtained through the use of the Site and Services or any of the Materials
contained therein is done at Your own discretion and risk and that You will be
solely responsible for any damage to Your computer system or loss of data that
results from the download of such material and/or data.
7.2.
The Site and Services, and all materials contained therein,
are provided “as is” without warranty of any kind, either express or implied,
including but not limited to, any implied warranties of merchantability,
fitness for a particular purpose, title, or non-infringement.
7.3.
We make no representations or warranties that the Site and
Services, or any Materials contained therein, will be uninterrupted, timely,
secure, or error free; nor do We make any representations or warranties as to
the quality, suitability, truth, usefulness, accuracy, or completeness of the
Site and Services or any of the materials contained therein.
7.4.
You understand that We cannot and do not guarantee or warrant
that files available for downloading from the Internet will be free of viruses or
other code that may manifest contaminating or destructive properties. We do not
assume any responsibility or risk for Your use of the Internet.
7.5.
We make no warranty regarding any goods or services purchased
or obtained through the Site and/or Services or any transaction entered into
through the Site and/or Services, and We are not responsible for any use of
confidential or private information by sellers or third parties.
7.6.
The warranties and representations set forth in this
Agreement are the only warranties and representations with respect to this
Agreement, and are in lieu of any and all other warranties, written or oral,
express or implied, that may arise either by agreement between the parties or
by operation of law, including warranties of merchantability and fitness for a
particular purpose.  None of these warranties and representations will extend
to any third person.
8.
DISCLAIMER & INDEMNIFICATION:
8.1.
The provision of any services which are in violation of any
laws is strictly prohibited. If We determine that You or any User has provided
or intends to provide any services or material in violation of any law, Your
ability to use the Site and Services will be terminated immediately without any
reimbursement of any payment You may have made to Us. We reserve the right, in
Our sole discretion, to cooperate with law enforcement upon legal request
and/or advisement of an attorney.  We disclaim any liability for damages that
may arise from any User providing any material or services for any purpose that
violates any law. You agree to defend, indemnify and hold Us harmless from any
liability that may arise for Us should You violate any law.
8.2.
You also agree to defend and indemnify Us should any third
party be harmed by Your illegal actions or should We be obligated to defend any
claims including, without limitation, any criminal action brought by any party.
8.3.
Our Site and Services contains material that may be offensive
to third parties. You agree to indemnify and hold Us harmless from any
liability that may arise from someone viewing such material and You agree to
immediately cease review of the Site and use of the Services should You find
them offensive.
8.4.
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Company,
its officers, directors, shareholders, employees, independent contractors,
telecommunication providers, and agents, from and against any and all claims,
actions, loss, liabilities, expenses, costs, or demands, including without
limitation legal and accounting fees, for all damages directly, indirectly,
and/or consequentially resulting or allegedly resulting from Your, or You under
another person’s authority including without limitation to governmental
agencies, use, misuse, or inability to use the Site, Services, or any of the
Materials contained therein, or Your breach of any part of this Agreement.  We
shall promptly notify You by electronic mail of any such claim or suit, and
cooperate fully (at Your expense) in the defense of such claim or suit. We
reserve the right to participate in the defense of such claim or defense at Our
own expense, and choose Our own legal counsel, but are not obligated to do so.
8.5.
This Service is for Amusement Purposes: You understand
and accept that Our Site and Services is an entertainment and recreational
service. All content depicts consenting models over the age of eighteen
(18) that have provided rights to the Site to publish the content.  All images
are provided for the amusement and entertainment of Our Members.
8.6.
You hereby discharge, acquit, and otherwise release Company,
its parent company, its agents, employees, officers, directors, shareholders,
attorneys, and affiliates, from any and all allegations, counts, charges,
debts, causes of action, and claims relating in any way to the use of, or
activities relating to the use of the Site and Services including, but not
limited to claims relating to the following:
8.6.1.
Sexual Harassment, Negligence, Gross Negligence, Reckless Conduct,
Alienation of Affections (to the extent recognized in any jurisdiction),
Intentional Infliction of Emotional Distress, Intentional Interference with
Contract or Advantageous Business Relationship, Defamation, Privacy, Publicity,
Intellectual Property, Statutory Rape, Misrepresentation, any financial loss
not due to the fault of the Site, missed meetings, unmet expectations, false
identities, fraudulent acts by others, invasion of privacy, release of personal
information, failed transactions, purchases or functionality of the Site,
unavailability of the Site, its functions and/or services and any other
technical failure that may result in inaccessibility to the Site, or any claim
based on Vicarious Liability for Torts committed by individuals met on or
through the Site and Services, including but not limited to fraud, theft or
misuse of personal information, assault, battery, stalking, rape, theft,
cheating, perjury, manslaughter, or murder.
8.6.2.
The above list is intended to be illustrative only, and not
exhaustive of the types or categories of claims released by You.  This release
is intended by the parties to be interpreted broadly in favor of Us, and thus
any ambiguity shall be interpreted in a manner providing release of the
broadest claims.   This release is intended to be a full release of claims, and
the parties acknowledge the legally binding nature of this provision, and the
nature of the rights given up in connection therewith.
9.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY:
9.1.
In no event shall We (or Our licensors,
agents, suppliers, resellers, service providers, or any other subscribers or
suppliers) be liable to You, or any other third party for any direct, special,
indirect, incidental, consequential, exemplary, or punitive damages, including
without limitation, damages for loss of profits, loss of information, business
interruption, revenue, or goodwill, which may arise from any person’s use,
misuse, or inability to use the Site, Services, or any of the materials
contained therein, even if We have been advised of the probability of such
damages. This is for any matter arising out of or relating to this Agreement,
whether such liability is asserted on the basis of contract, tort or otherwise,
even if We have been advised of the possibility of such damages.
9.2.
In no event shall Our maximum total aggregate liability
for direct damages exceed the total fees actually paid by You for use of the
Site or Services for a period of more than one (1) month from the accrual of
the applicable cause or causes of action or ten dollars ($10.00), whichever is
greater.  Because some jurisdictions prohibit the exclusion or limitation of
liability for consequential or incidental damages, the above limitation may not
apply to You.
10. LINKS
& LINKING:
10.1.
Some websites which are linked to the Site are owned and
operated by third parties. Because We have no control over such websites and
resources, You acknowledge and agree that We are not responsible or liable for
the availability of such external websites or resources, and do
not screen or endorse them, and are not responsible or liable for any content,
advertising, services, products, or other materials on or available from such
websites or resources.
10.2.
You acknowledge and agree that We shall not be responsible or
liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be
caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such third-party
content, goods or services available on or through any such website or
resource.  If You decide to access any such third party website, You do so
entirely at Your own risk and subject to any terms and conditions and privacy
policies posted therein.
10.3.
You acknowledge that use of any website controlled, owned or
operated by third parties is governed by the terms and conditions of use for
those websites, and not by this Agreement or Our Site policies.
10.4.
Links to external websites (including external websites that
are framed by the Site) or inclusions of advertisements do not constitute an
endorsement by Us of such websites or the content, products, advertising, or
other materials presented on such Site, but are for Your convenience.
10.5.
You agree to hold Us harmless from any and all damages and
liability that may result from the use of links that may appear on the Site or
via the Services. We reserve the right to terminate any link or linking program
at any time.
11. TRADEMARK
INFORMATION:
11.1.
The name of the Site is considered a service mark owned by
Us.  We aggressively defend Our intellectual property rights.
11.2.
Other manufacturers’ product and service names referenced
herein may be trademarks and service marks of their respective companies and
are the exclusive property of such respective owners, and may not be used
publicly without the express written consent of the owners and/or holders of
such trademarks and service marks.
11.3.
All of the marks, logos, domains, and trademarks that You
find on the Site and Services may not be used publicly except with express
written permission from Us, and may not be used in any manner that is likely to
cause confusion among consumers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits
Us.
12. COPYRIGHT
INFORMATION:
12.1.
The Materials accessible from the Site, Services, and any
other Site owned, operated, licensed, or controlled by Us are Our proprietary
information and valuable intellectual property and We retain all right, title,
and interest in the Materials.
12.2.
The Materials may not be copied, distributed, republished,
modified, uploaded, posted, or transmitted in any way without Our prior written
consent, except that You may print out a copy of the Materials solely for Your
personal use.  In doing so, You may not remove or alter, or cause to be removed
or altered, any copyright, trademark, trade name, service mark, or any other
proprietary notice or legend appearing on any of the Materials.
12.3.
Modification or use of the Materials except as expressly
provided in this Agreement violates Our intellectual property rights.
12.4.
Neither title nor intellectual property rights are
transferred to You by access to the Site and Services.
12.5.
All Materials included on the Site, such as text, graphics,
photographs, video and audio clips, music, soundtracks, button icons, streaming
data, animation, images, downloadable materials, data compilations and software
is the property of Company or its content suppliers and is protected by United
States and international copyright laws. The compilation of all Materials on
the Site is the exclusive property of Company or its content suppliers and
protected by United States and international copyright laws, as well as other
laws and regulations.
13. MODIFICATIONS
TO POLICY:  The Site reserves the right to modify, alter or add to this
policy, and all affected persons should check back regularly to stay current on
any such changes.
14. EXPORT CONTROL:  You understand and
acknowledge that the software elements of the Materials on the Site may be
subject to regulation by agencies of the United States Government, including
the United States Department of Commerce, which prohibits export or diversion
of software to certain countries and third parties. Diversion of such Materials
contrary to United States’ or international law is prohibited.  You warrant
that You will not license or otherwise permit anyone not approved to receive
controlled commodities under applicable laws and regulations and that You will
abide by such laws and regulations.  You agree that none of the Materials are
being or will be acquired for, shipped, transferred, or re-exported, directly
or indirectly, to proscribed or embargoed countries or their nationals or be
used for proscribed activities.
15. NO
AGENCY RELATIONSHIP:  Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to
constitute, create, imply, give effect to, or otherwise recognize a
partnership, employment, joint venture, or formal business entity of any kind;
and the rights and obligations of the parties shall be limited to those
expressly set forth herein.
16. NOTICE:
16.1.
Notice.  Any notice required to be given under this
Agreement may be provided by email to a functioning email address of the party
to be noticed, by a general posting on the Site, or commercial carrier delivery.
Notices by customers to Us shall be given by electronic messages unless
otherwise specified in the Agreement.
16.2.
Change of Address.  Either party may change the
address to which notice is to be sent by written notice to the other party
pursuant to this provision of the Agreement.
16.3.
When Notice is Effective.  Notices shall be deemed
effective upon delivery. Notices delivered by overnight carrier (e.g.,
United States Express Mail or Federal Express) shall be deemed delivered on the
business day following mailing. Notices mailed by United States Mail,
postage prepaid, registered or certified with return receipt requested, shall
be deemed delivered five (5) days after mailing. Notices delivered by any
other method shall be deemed given upon receipt. Notices by email and
facsimile transmission, with confirmation from the transmitting machine that
the transmission was completed, are acceptable under this Agreement provided
that they are delivered one (1) hour after transmission if sent during the
recipient's business hours, or 9:00 a.m. (recipient's time) the next business
day. Either Party may, by giving the other Party appropriate written
notice, change the designated address, fax number and/or recipient for any
notice or courtesy copy, hereunder.
16.4.
Refused, Unclaimed, or Undeliverable Notice.  Any
correctly addressed notice that is refused, unclaimed, or undeliverable,
because of an act or omission of the Party to be notified shall be deemed
effective as of the first date that said notice was refused or deemed
undeliverable by the postal authorities, messenger, facsimile machine, email
server, or overnight delivery service.
17. COMMUNICATIONS
NOT PRIVATE:  We do not provide any facility for sending or receiving
private or confidential electronic communications. All messages transmitted to
Us shall be deemed to be readily accessible to the general public. Visitors
should not use this Site or Services to transmit any communication for which
the sender intends only the sender and the intended recipient(s) to read.
Notice is hereby given that all messages and other content entered into this
Site or Services can and may be read by the agents and operators of the Site or
Services, regardless of whether they are the intended recipients of such
messages.
18. FORCE
MAJEURE:  We shall not be responsible for any failure to perform due to
unforeseen circumstances or causes beyond Our reasonable control, including but
not limited to: acts of God, such as fire, flood, earthquakes, hurricanes,
tropical storms or other natural disasters; war, riot, arson, embargoes, acts
of civil or military authority, or terrorism; fiber cuts; strikes, or shortages
in transportation, facilities, fuel, energy, labor or materials; failure of the
telecommunications or information services infrastructure; hacking, SPAM, or
any failure of a computer, server or software, for so long as such event
continues to delay the Site’s or Services’ performance.
19. JURISDICTION
& DISPUTE RESOLUTION:
19.1.
Governing Law.  This Agreement and all matters arising
out of, or otherwise relating to, this Agreement shall be governed by the laws
of the state of Florida, excluding its conflict of law provisions.  The
sum of this paragraph is that any and all litigation permitted under this
Agreement must be, without exception, initiated in Orange County, Florida.
19.2.
Litigation.    All  Parties to this Agreement
agree that all litigation permitted under this Agreement shall be tried and/or
litigated exclusively in the state and federal courts located in Orange County,
Florida.
19.2.1.
The parties agree to exclusive jurisdiction in, and
only in, Orange County, Florida.  The parties agree to exclusive
venue in, and only in, Orange County, Florida.  The parties
additionally agree that this choice of venue and forum is mandatory and not
permissive in nature, thereby precluding any possibility of litigation between
the parties with respect to, or arising out of, this Agreement in a
jurisdiction other than that specified in this paragraph.
19.2.2.
All parties hereby waive any right to assert the doctrine of forum
non-conveniens or similar doctrines, or to object to venue with respect to
any litigation permitted under this Agreement.
19.2.3.
All parties stipulate that the state and federal courts
located in Orange County, Florida shall have personal jurisdiction over them
for the purpose of any litigation permitted under this Agreement that is not
otherwise subject to the arbitration provisions.  Each
party hereby authorizes and accepts service of process sufficient for personal
jurisdiction in any action against it, as contemplated by this paragraph by
registered or certified mail, Federal Express, proof of delivery or return
receipt requested, to the parties address for the giving of notices as set
forth in this Agreement.
19.2.4.
Any final judgment rendered against a party in any action or
proceeding shall be conclusive as to the subject of such final judgment and may
be enforced in other jurisdictions in any manner provided by law if such
enforcement becomes necessary.
19.2.5.
Right to Injunctive Relief.  Both parties acknowledge that
remedies at law may be inadequate to provide an aggrieved party with full
compensation in the event of the other party’s breach, and that in any
litigation permitted under this Agreement, an aggrieved party shall therefore
be entitled to seek injunctive relief, in addition to seeking all other
remedies available at law or in equity.
19.3.
ARBITRATION PROVISIONS:
19.3.1.
If there is a dispute between the Parties arising out of or
otherwise relating to this Agreement, the Parties shall meet and negotiate in
good faith to attempt to resolve the dispute. If the Parties are unable to
resolve the dispute through direct negotiations, then, except as otherwise
provided herein, either Party must submit the issue to binding arbitration in
accordance with the then-existing Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American
Arbitration Association.  Arbitral Claims shall include, but are not limited
to, contract and tort claims of all kinds, and all claims based on any federal,
state or local law, statute, or regulation, excepting only claims by Us under
applicable worker’s compensation law, unemployment insurance claims,
intellectual property claims, actions for injunctions, attachment, garnishment,
and other equitable relief. The arbitration shall be conducted in Orange County,
Florida and conducted by a single arbitrator, knowledgeable in Internet and
e-Commerce disputes.  The arbitrator shall be willing to execute an oath of
neutrality.
19.3.2.
The Arbitrator shall have no authority to award any punitive or
exemplary damages; certify a class action; add any parties; vary or ignore the
provisions of this Agreement; and shall be bound by governing and applicable
law. The arbitrator shall render a written opinion setting forth all material
facts and the basis of his or her decision within thirty (30) days of the
conclusion of the arbitration proceeding. The arbitration shall be
confidential. THE PARTIES HEREBY WAIVE ANY RIGHTS THEY MAY HAVE TO TRIAL BY
JURY IN REGARD TO ARBITRAL CLAIMS.
19.3.3.
No waiver of right to arbitration -- There shall be no waiver
of the right to arbitration unless such waiver is provided affirmatively and in
writing by the waiving party to the other party.  There shall be no implied
waiver of this right to arbitration.  No acts, including the filing of
litigation, shall be construed as a waiver or a repudiation of the right to
arbitrate.
19.3.4.
The First Amendment applies to arbitration proceedings - Any
arbitration tribunal shall consider the First Amendment to the United States
Constitution to be in force and effect between the parties.  Both parties
stipulate to the applicability of the First Amendment’s protection of free
speech, expression, and association, and both parties stipulate that case law
interpreting the First Amendment shall be admissible and considered to be
binding authority upon the Arbitrator.
20. MISCELLANEOUS
PROVISIONS:
20.1.
Assignment.  The rights and liabilities of the parties
will bind and inure to the benefit of their respective assignees, successors,
executors, and administrators.
20.2.
Severability.  If for any reason a court of competent
jurisdiction or an arbitrator finds any provision of this Agreement, or any
portion thereof, to be unenforceable, that provision will be enforced to the
maximum extent permissible and the remainder of this Agreement will continue in
full force and effect.
20.3.
Complaints – California Residents:  The Complaint
Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the Department of
Consumer Affairs may be contacted at: http://www.dca.ca.gov/about_dca/contactus.shtml.
20.4.
No Waiver.  No waiver or action made by Us shall be
deemed a waiver of any subsequent default of the same provision of this
Agreement.  If any term, clause or provision hereof is held invalid or
unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, such invalidity shall not
affect the validity or operation of any other term, clause or provision and
such invalid term, clause or provision shall be deemed to be severed from this
Agreement.
20.5.
Headings.  All headings are solely for the convenience
of reference and shall not affect the meaning, construction or effect of this
Agreement.
20.6.
Complete Agreement.  This Agreement constitutes the
entire agreement between the parties with respect to Your access and use of the
Site, Services and the Materials contained therein, and Your use of the Site
and Services, and supersede and replace all prior understandings or agreements,
written or oral, regarding such subject matter.
20.7.
Other Jurisdictions.  We make no representation that
the Site, Services or any of the Materials contained therein are appropriate or
available for use in other locations outside the Site’s principal place of
business, and access to them from territories where their content may be
illegal or is otherwise prohibited. Those who choose to access the Site and
Services from such locations do on their own initiative and are solely
responsible for determining compliance with all applicable local laws.
Nothing more follows.
For information on preventing minors from accessing Adult Materials, please visit one or more of the following sites.
NetNanny -
Cybersitter -
Cyberpatrol
18 U.S.C. 2257 Record-Keeping Requirements Compliance Statement
Terms & Conditions - Privacy Policy - Subpoena Policy - Webmasters