http://www.williamhiggins.com/content/privacy-policy
This website contains images of naked men engaging in sex acts, including gay, sexually-oriented material. Leave now if you are offended by such material, or if you are under the age of 18, or if you live in a community where viewing or possessing adult material is illegal.
ALL MODELS ARE 18 OF AGE OR OLDER. 18 U.S.C. 2257 Record-Keeping Requirements Compilance Statement
DO YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS & CONDITIONS AS DESCRIBED BELOW.
ENTER Without saving the agreement into your browser cookies - You will need to go through this page next time again.
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
These Terms and Conditions apply to the sites: www.williamhiggins.com , www.czechguysnextdoor.com
These Terms and Conditions are effective from April 1st 2011.
Introduction
These 	Terms and Conditions are applicable in full to all visitors to the 	Site without exclusion or exception.
The 	Terms and Conditions may be amended, without notification, at the 	discretion of the company.
Entering 	the site denotes full acceptance of these Terms and Conditions. In 	the subsequent text the term `User Agreement` or `Agreement` refers 	to the acceptance of these Terms and Conditions in full by all site 	visitors.
Major Definitions
`Site 	provider` : this denotes www.williamhiggins.com., or it‘s 	designated representatives who control, manage, amend, update, or in 	any other way modify the site. Any future reference in the 	subsequent text to `We`, `Us` or `Our` denotes the site provider.
`User` 	: this denotes any visitor to, member of or customer of the site. 	Any reference in the subsequent text to `You` or `Your` also refers 	to the User.
`Site` 	or `Website`: this denotes reference to www.williamhiggins.com and www.czechguysnextdoor.com .
General Provisions
Should 	any User not understand certain provisions of this User Agreement it is your 	resposibility to contact the site provider to seek clarification or 	seek legal clarification from a recognised qualified attorney.
The 	site is for adults only. Accessing the site confirms that you are an 	`adult` as defined by your specific legal location and fully 	entitled to view the content, as defined subsequently, provided on 	the site. Regardless of any legal authorisation, we also confirm 	that your age must be no lower than 18 years to enter our site.
We 	confirm that all all 	content and images are in full compliance with the requirements of 	18 U.S.C. 2257 and associated regulations.
Any 	User entering the site, either as a guest or member, is doing so for 	your own personal access. You are not allowed to access our site for 	the purpose of displaying our site to any other person.
We 	will cooperate fully with any law enforcement agency enquiry 	regarding any investigation into the actions of any User who may, or 	may not, have been displaying material obtained from our site to a 	`minor’ as legally defined at your location.
No 	User must access our site, regardless of legal age restrictions, if 	doing so violates any other laws applicable at your geographical 	location.
Content
Our 	site contains viewable and downloadable images, text, video, messages and links to 	other sites which in the subsequent text is collectively referred to 	as either `content` or `site content`.
All 	Users accept
responsibility for viewing our content in the full 	knowledge that this content includes depictions of nudity and 	explicit sexual activity.
Our 	content is provided specifically for personal viewing by the User 	and accessing our site confirms that you
choose to view this type 	of content for your own personal enjoyment.
Restrictions
All 	users agree that our site and the content provided therein is only to be used as we specify on 	the site itself.
Specific 	Restrictions:
No 	User may copy or duplicate any content provided except as permitted 	by the site.
No 	User may redistribute or use our content for any other purpose than 	personal viewing.
Any 	copyright notices or other proprietary notices may not be removed 	from our content.
No 	User must try to circumvent any encryption or other security tools 	used anywhere on the site.
All 	Users agree that your use of a user name and/or password allocated 	for your site access will remain confidential and is not to be 	distributed to any third party.
Since 	our site is provided for exclusive personal, non-commercial 	enjoyment, access to our site is specifically prohibited to:
Commercial 	competitors unless specific permission has been requested and 	granted.
Any 	agent, representative, contractor, investigator, journalist or 	member of any other profession where the purpose of site access is 	not for your own personal enjoyment.
Services and Membership
Our 	website allows you access to content which may be viewed or downloaded as 	specified on the site.
The 	benefits of site membership are defined on the site.
Restrictions 	may apply to the quantity of content that may be downloaded within 	any specific time period. These are specified on the site and we 	retain the right to alter these, without prior notice, at our 	discretion. Any alterations or restrictions on downloaded 	availability will be specified on the site.
You 	will be charged for site membership as posted on the site at the 	time of registration of your membership.
You 	may cancel your membership voluntarily by following the procedures 	specified on the site.
In 	the event that we believe or suspect that a member has violated any 	of our terms and conditions, we retain the right to suspend or 	terminate that membership immediately, without notification. 	Additionally, we retain the right to terminate or suspend your 	membership
when:
we 	cannot verify the information you have supplied to us.
we 	believe your action may cause a legal lability, either for you, for 	us or our other members.
we 	decide, for whatever reason, to suspend, terminate or cease our 	operation of the site.
In 	the event that we terminate or suspend your membership or access to 	the site, you accept that either Cygnet Entertainment Ltd., nor any 	agent of the site provider,
has any liability to you whatsoever.
In 	the event that we terminate or suspend your membership or access to 	the site, you agree that you will not try to rejoin nor try to 	regain access to the site without our prior approval.
You 	agree to take all possible steps to ensure the security of your user 	name and password.
You 	agree that in the event that your password security is breached then 	you are solely responsible for any subsequent damage or liability 	which may occur which is directly related to this breach.
You 	are hereby given notice that you are responsible for safeguarding 	your account information. Even in the event where you can supply
convincing evidence of hacking, you still retain liability for any 	3rd party use of your user name and password.
You 	agree that if your account is used to downloaded any content from 	our website which subsequently appears on any other site whatsoever, 	specifically any file sharing sites, then you will pay $20,000 in 	liquidated damages to us. In the event that the breach of security 	was caused by our security being compromised, and not your 	negligence, then you are not responsible for these liquidated 	damages.
Disclaimer and Indemnification
If 	any User uses our content or services in violation of any laws 	applicable, your right to access the site may be terminated or 	suspended immediately. We retain the right to cooperate voluntarily 	and fully with any law enforcement agency regarding any 	investigation by such an agency into the private and personal 	activities of any user. We also retain the right to cooperate fully 	with any aggrieved parties when we are legally compelled to do so. 	We hereby notify you that we disclaim any responsibility for the 	incorrect, inappropriate or illegal
use of our content and in 	addition, you agree to defend, indemnify and hold us harmless for 	any liability which may arise from your actions.
You 	also agree to defend and indemnify Us should any third party be 	harmed by Your actions or should We be obligated to defend any 	claims including, without limitation, any criminal or civil action 	brought by any party.
Our 	Website(s) contain material that may be offensive to third parties. 	You agree to indemnify and hold Us harmless from any liability that 	may arise from someone viewing such material and You agree to cease 	review of the Website(s)/Services should You find it offensive.
You 	agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless LMH, Our officers, 	directors, shareholders, employees, independent contractors, 	telecommunication providers, and agents, from and against any and 	all claims, actions, loss, liabilities, expenses, costs, or demands, 	including without limitation legal and accounting fees, for all 	damages directly, indirectly, and/or consequentially resulting or 	allegedly resulting from Your (or You under another person’s 	authority - including without limitation to governmental agencies) 	use, misuse, or inability to use the Website(s) or any of the 	Materials contained therein, or Your breach of any part of this 	Agreement. We shall promptly notify You by electronic mail of any 	such claim or suit, and cooperate fully (at Your expense) in the 	defence of such claim or suit. We reserve the right to participate 	in the defence of such claim or defence at Our own expense, and 	choose Our own legal counsel; however, We are not obligated to do 	so.
Intellectual Property Information
Cygnet 	Entertainment Ltd., and the aforementioned names of the Website(s) 	in Our Network are Our Service Mark(s) and/or Trademark(s). You may 	not register, use, or traffic in any domain name that is confusingly 	similar to Our registered or common law trademarks.
Other 	companies’ product and service names referenced on Our Website(s) 	may be trademarks and service marks of their respective companies 	and are the exclusive property of such respective owners, and may 	not be used publicly without the express written consent of the 	owners and/or holders of such trademarks and service marks.
Copyright 	– This Website belongs to Us, and We either own or have rights to 	display all of the materials thereupon. You may not use any of Our 	Content or Materials, without Our express written consent.
You 	agree that You will only use our Materials for your own personal 	use.
You may display them on one computer or mobile device.
However, you may never email them to another person, share them on any remote server of any 	kind, or place them on file locker site, a torrent site, a tube 	site, or any other site, service, or server of any other medium used 	for sharing content.
Limitation of Liability
In 	no event, shall We (or Our licensors, agents, suppliers, resellers, 	service providers, or any other subscribers or suppliers) be liable 	to You, or any other third party for any direct, special, indirect, 	incidental, consequential, exemplary, or punitive damages, including 	without limitation, damages for loss of profits, loss of 	information, business interruption, revenue, or goodwill, which may 	arise from any person’s use, misuse, or inability to use the 	Website(s) or any of the Materials contained therein, even if We 	have been advised of the probability of such damages. This is for 	any matter arising out of or relating to this Agreement, whether 	such liability is asserted on the basis of contract, tort or 	otherwise, even if We have been advised of the possibility of such 	damages.
In 	no event shall Our maximum total aggregate liability hereunder for 	direct damages exceed the total fees, actually paid by You, for use 	of one of Our Websites for a period of no more than one (1) month 	from the accrual of the applicable cause or causes of action. 	Because some jurisdictions prohibit the exclusion or limitation of 	liability for consequential or incidental damages, the above 	limitation may not apply to You.
Complaint Policy
You 	agree that if You have any complaint about any content on Our 	Website(s), including (but not limited to) a complaint or claim of 	defamation (libel or slander), invasion of privacy, false light, 	trademark infringement, right of publicity claims, or any related or 	similar tort, that You will provide notice to Us by mail or fax to: 	Cygnet Entertainment Ltd at the address given above.
You 	agree that We shall have ten (10) business days after RECEIPT of 	said notice to evaluate Your concern(s).
After 	evaluating Your concern(s), We will either inform You that We do not 	believe Your concern is valid, or We will request Your preference 	regarding an opportunity to cure Your concern(s). This cure may 	include one of the following:
We 	may offer to delete the offending material.
We 	may offer to modify the offending material.
We 	will engage You and seek any other alternative resolution that will 	mitigate Your damaged legal interests - whether or not We are 	legally required to do so.
You 	acknowledge and agree that upon transmission of Your complaint to 	us, You will be considered to have engaged in settlement discussions 	with Us, and neither party will initiate formal legal action while 	non-adversarial resolution is in progress. You agree that You will 	not file suit unless and until We issue a statement to You that We 	have taken Our final action, and that no further action will be 	taken without adversarial proceedings. At that point, You may 	proceed with arbitration as provided for under this Agreement.
You 	acknowledge that once You accept any of Our offers of 	non-adversarial resolution, that You irrevocably waive any and all 	possible claims for any allegedly offending material on Our 	Website(s) and that if You do bring any action against Us that You 	hereby stipulate that You will bear Your own costs and fees incurred 	in the action, regardless of the outcome of that action, and that 	You stipulate that Your damages will be limited to $1, and no more, 	and that You hereby acknowledge that such amount of $1 is sufficient 	and adequate.
You 	understand that no part of this Agreement obligates Us to go beyond 	that required by law, and this Agreement is in place for Your 	convenience. If We believe that Your requests are unreasonable, We 	reserve every right to terminate discussions with or file suit 	against You to recover any legal fees incurred due to harassing or 	unreasonable requests.
Other Provisions
Governing 	Law – This Agreement and all matters arising out of, or otherwise 	relating to, this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the 	Czech Republic, excluding its conflict of law provisions. The sum of 	this paragraph is that any and all disputes between the Parties must 	be, without exception, brought to court and litigated in the Czech 	Republic.
All 	parties to this Agreement agree that all actions or proceedings 	arising in connection with this Agreement or any services or 	business interactions between the parties that may be subject to 	this Agreement shall be tried and/or litigated exclusively in the 	state and federal courts located in the Czech Republic.
The 	parties agree to exclusive jurisdiction in, and only in the Czech 	Republic.
The 	parties agree to exclusive venue in, and only in Czech Republic. The 	parties additionally agree that this choice of venue and forum is 	mandatory and not permissive in nature, thereby precluding any 	possibility of litigation between the parties with respect to, or 	arising out of, this Agreement in a jurisdiction other than that 	specified in this paragraph.
All 	parties hereby waive any right to assert the doctrine of forum 	non-conveniens or similar doctrines, or to object to venue with respect to any 	proceeding brought in accordance with this paragraph or with respect 	to any dispute under this Agreement whatsoever.
All 	parties stipulate that the courts located in Prague, Czech Republic 	shall have personal jurisdiction over them for the purpose of 	litigating any dispute, controversy, or proceeding arising out of 	(or related to) this Agreement and/or the relationship between the 	parties contemplated thereby.
Each 	party hereby authorizes and accepts services of process sufficient 	for personal jurisdiction in any action against it, as contemplated 	by this paragraph by registered or certified mail, Federal Express, 	proof of delivery or return receipt requested, to the parties 	address for the giving of notices as set forth in this Agreement.
Any 	final judgment rendered against a party in any action or proceeding 	shall be conclusive as to the subject of such final judgment and may 	be enforced in other jurisdictions in any manner provided by law if 	such enforcement becomes necessary.
Assignment 	– The rights and liabilities of the parties hereto will bind and 	inure to the benefit of their respective assignees, successors, 	executors, and administrators, as the case may be.
Severability 	– If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction or an 	arbitrator finds any provision of this Agreement, or any portion 	thereof, to be unenforceable, that provision will be enforced to the 	maximum extent permissible and the remainder of this Agreement will 	continue in full force and effect.
Attorneys’ 	Fees – In the event any Party shall commence any claims, actions, 	formal legal action, or arbitration to interpret and/or enforce any 	of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, or relating in any 	way to this Agreement, including without limitation asserted 	breaches of representations and warranties, all parties shall bear 	their own costs and fees.
No 	Waiver – No waiver or action made by Us shall be deemed a waiver 	of any subsequent default of the same provision of this Agreement. 	If any term, clause or provision hereof is held invalid or 	unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, such invalidity 	shall not affect the validity or operation of any other term, clause 	or provision and such invalid term, clause or provision shall be 	deemed to be severed from this Agreement.
Headings 	– All headings are solely for the convenience of reference and 	shall not affect the meaning, construction or effect of this 	Agreement.
Complete 	Agreement – This Agreement constitutes the entire Agreement 	between the parties with respect to Your access and use of the 	Website(s) and the Materials contained therein, and Your Membership 	with the Website(s), and supersedes and replaces all prior 	understandings or agreements, written or oral, regarding such 	subject matter.
Other 	Jurisdictions – We make no representation that Our Website(s) or 	any of the Materials contained therein are appropriate or available 	for use in other locations, and access to them from territories 	where their content may be illegal or is otherwise prohibited. Those 	who choose to access Our Website(s) from such locations do so on 	their own initiative and are solely responsible for determining 	compliance with all applicable local laws.
Service 	- In order to relieve themselves of the cost, hassle, and 	inconvenience of traditional service of process, the parties hereby 	stipulate that either party may serve the other with a complaint and 	summons by mail, Fed-ex, UPS, or by email.
The parties both 	hereby waive their right to traditional process-server delivered 	complaints and summons. With respect to e-mail service: both parties 	agree that email shall be sufficient service of process if the 	e-mail is sent to the e-mail address on record provided by You when 	initiating Your membership.
Personal, physical, or mail 	service is not required.
This stipulation to receive e-mail 	service extends to any disputes between the parties, whether they 	are relevant to this Agreement or not.
Stipulated liquidated damages
In 	various provisions in this Agreement, We have outlined liquidated 	damages amounts to be applied as penalties against You if You 	violate these specific provisions. You specifically agree to pay 	these amounts. In agreeing to pay liquidated damages, You 	acknowledge that this amount is not a penalty and that the actual 	damages are uncertain and difficult to ascertain, but that this 	amount represents the parties’ good faith attempt to calculate an 	appropriate compensation based on anticipated actual damages.
For 	any breach of a portion of this Agreement that does not specifically 	state a liquidated damages amount, You hereby agree that any breach 	of this Agreement shall result in liquidated damages of $5,000.00 	per occurrence. You specifically agree to pay this $5,000.00 in 	liquidated damages.
For 	any breach of this Agreement resulting in liquidated damages owed by 	You, You specifically agree and We expressly reserve the right to 	assign Our rights to these liquidated damages to a third party.
If 	We are required to enlist the assistance of an Attorney or other 	person to collect any liquidated damages or any other amount of 	money from You, or if We are required to seek the assistance of an 	Attorney to pursue injunctive relief against You, then You 	additionally agree that You will reimburse Us for all fees incurred 	in order to collect these liquidated damages or in order to seek 	injunctive relief from You. You understand that even a nominal 	amount of damages may require the expenditure of extensive legal 	fees, travel expenses, costs, and other amounts that may dwarf the 	liquidated damages themselves. You agree that You will pay all of 	these fees and costs.
In order to prevent minors from viewing adult material, this website is registred with the following:
ICRA
NETNANNY
CyberPatrol
Cybersitter
SurfControl
Copyright www.WilliamHiggins.com 2011
UPDATES CATEGORY CASTINGS MODELS POPULAR LOG IN JOIN
Username:
Password:
0 items 0 USD Shopping basket:
Privacy Policy
We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this privacy policy.
This privacy policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit www.williamhiggins.com (hereinafter “William Higgins” or the “Website”), our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting and disclosing that information and your choices about such uses and disclosures.
We encourage you to read this privacy policy carefully when visiting our Website. By using our Website, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy.
If you have any questions about our privacy practices, please refer to the end of this privacy policy for information on how to contact us.
This privacy policy applies to information we collect:
on this Website,
in e-mail, text and other communications between you and this Website,
through mobile and desktop applications you download from this Website, which provide dedicated non-browser-based interaction between you and this Website, or
when you interact with our advertising and applications on third-party websites and services, if those applications or advertising include links to this policy.
It does not apply to information collected by:
us offline or through any other means, including on any other website operated by us or any third party (including our affiliates and subsidiaries); or
any third party (including our affiliates and subsidiaries), including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on the Website.
Please read this privacy policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website. By accessing or using the Website, or by clicking to accept or agree to the Terms of Service or the Terms of Use when this option is made available to you, you agree to this privacy policy. This privacy policy may change from time to time (see “Changes to Our Privacy Policy”). Your continued use of the Website after we make changes to this privacy policy is deemed acceptance of those changes, so please check this privacy policy periodically for updates.
Information We May Collect About You and How We Collect It
We may collect several types of information from and about users of our Website, including information:
by which you may be personally identified, such as first and last name, mailing address, email address, billing information, IP or “Internet Protocol” addresses, demographics, passwords or other online contact information, telephone number, any other information the Website collects that is defined as personal or personally identifiable information under applicable law or other identifier by which you may be contacted online or offline (“personal information”);
that is about you but individually does not identify you; or
about your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Website, usage details (such as the web pages you visit, the links you click, and the searches you conduct on our Website), your browser type and language, access times, and the content of any undeleted cookies that your browser previously accepted from us.
We may collect this information:
directly from you when you provide it to us,
automatically, as you navigate through the site. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses and information collected through cookies, web beacons or other tracking technologies, or
from third parties, for example, other websites controlled by us or our affiliates, our business partners or other third parties.
All information we collect on this Website is subject to this Privacy Policy. By using the Website, you consent to all actions taken by us with respect to your information in compliance with this Privacy Policy.
Information You Provide To Us
The information we collect on or through our Website may include:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our Website, subscribing to our service, posting material or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you enter a contest or promotion sponsored by us, and when you report a problem with our Website.
Records and copies of your correspondence (including e-mail addresses), if you contact us.
Your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes.
Details of transactions, if any, you may carry out through our Website and of the fulfillment of your orders. You may be required to provide financial information before placing an order through our Website.
Your search queries on the Website.
We may also collect and store personal information about other people that you provide to us. If you use our Website to send others information that may interest them or messages through our system, we may store your personal information, and the personal information of each such recipient. Similarly, if you use our Website to upload, share or distribute content (including videos, comments or other submissions), and such content contains personal information about others, such information may be stored in order to allow for such uploading, sharing or distribution.
When you access our Website from a mobile device like a tablet or phone, we may receive information about your location, your device, including one or more unique identifiers for your device, and your mobile carrier. We may use this information to provide you with location-based services, such as advertising, search results, and other personalized content. Most devices allow you to turn off location services.
You also may provide information to be published or displayed (hereinafter, “posted”) on public areas of the Website, or transmitted to other users of the Website or third parties (collectively, “User Contributions”). Your User Contributions are posted on and transmitted to others at your own risk. Although, we may limit access to certain pages, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. Additionally, we cannot control the actions of other users of the Website with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your User Contributions will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.
Information We May Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies
As you navigate through and interact with our Website, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns, including:
details of your visits to our Website, including any form of aggregate data, navigational data, tracking data, location data, click-stream data, or historical data, number of clicks and how you interact with links on the Website, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed, and other such information, log files and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Website; and
information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system and browser type and language, access times, the content of any undeleted cookies that your browser previously accepted from us. An IP, or “Internet Protocol”, address is a unique number associated with your computer that may be communicated to other computers and servers when you use the Internet. The information collected may include the domain name of your internet service provider, referral data (g., the address of the last page you visited prior to clicking through to the Website and the address of the exit page when you left our Website) and browser and platform type (e.g., a Firefox browser on a Macintosh platform). We use this information to track how users are accessing and using the Website.
We also may use these technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or other online services (behavioral tracking). See “Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information” below for information on how you can opt out of behavioral tracking on this Website and how we respond to web browser signals and other mechanisms that enable consumers to exercise choice about behavioral tracking.
The information we collect automatically is statistical data and may include personal information, or we may maintain it or associate it with personal information we collect in other ways or receive from third parties. It helps us to improve our Website and to deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to:
estimate our audience size and usage patterns;
store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Website according to your individual interests;
speed up your searches; and
recognize you when you return to our Website.
The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:
Cookies (or browser cookies). Cookies are small text files that are stored in your web browser or downloaded to your device when you visit a website. Cookies are then sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognizes that cookie. Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognize a user’s device. Cookies might be used for the following purposes: (i) to enable certain functions; (ii) to provide analytics; (iii) to store your preferences; and (iv) to enable ad delivery and behavioral advertising.
We currently use the following types of cookies:
Cookies that are strictly necessary: These are cookies that are required for the operation of our Website. These include, for example, cookies that enable a user to log into the members’ area of our Website and to check if a user is allowed access to a particular service or content.
Analytical cookies: These cookies allow us to recognize and count the number of users and to see how users use and explore our Website. These cookies help us to improve our Website, for example by ensuring that all users are able to find what they are looking for easily.
Functionality cookies: We are always glad to see you back. This type of cookies allows us to recognize you when you return to our Website in order to greet you by name and to remember, for example, your choice of language.
Targeting cookies: These cookies record the visit of a user on our Website, the pages a user has visited and the links a user has followed in order to enable us to make our Website more relevant to the users’ interests. In addition, these cookies are used to identify the websites and the marketing materials you are accessing our Website from in order to target content (for example, to automatically show you our Website according to your language settings).
We do not require that you accept cookies and you may withdraw your consent to our use of cookies at any time by adjusting your browser’s privacy settings. However, if you decline to accept cookies, some functionality on our Website may be disabled and you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website. Cookies can be either session cookies or persistent cookies. A session cookie expires automatically when you close your browser. A persistent cookie will remain until it expires or you delete your cookies. Expiration dates are set in the cookies themselves; some may expire after a few minutes while others may expire after multiple years.
Flash Cookies. Certain features of our Website may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from and on our Website. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies. For information about managing your privacy and security settings for Flash cookies, see “Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information”.
Web Beacons. Pages of our the Website and our e-mails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also known as clear gifs, pixel tags, single-pixel gifs and web bugs) that are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of web users or to access cookies. Unlike cookies, which are stored on the user’s computer hard drive, web beacons are embedded invisibly on the web pages (or in an email) and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence. Web beacons may be used to deliver or communicate with cookies, to count users who have visited certain pages or opened an e-mail, to understand usage patterns and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity). We also may receive an anonymous identification number if you come to our site from an online advertisement displayed on a third-party website.
Device identifiers. When you use a mobile device like a tablet or phone to access our Website, we may access, collect, monitor, store on your device, or remotely store one or more “device identifiers”. Device identifiers are small data files or similar data structures stored on or associated with your mobile device, which uniquely identify your mobile device. A device identifier may be data stored in connection with the device hardware, data stored in connection with the device’s operating system or other software, or data sent to the device by the Website. A device identifier may deliver information to us or to a third party partner about how you browse and use the Website and may help others or us provide reports or personalized content and ads. Some features of the Website may not function properly if use or availability of device identifiers is impaired or disabled.
Metadata. Metadata is usually technical data that is associated with User Contributions. For example, Metadata can describe how, when and by whom a piece of User Contribution was collected and how that content is formatted. Users can add or may have Metadata added to their User Contribution including a hashtag, comments or other data. This makes your User Contribution more searchable by others and more interactive.
Analytics Tools. We use analytics tools and other third party technologies, such as Google Analytics and DoubleClick Cookies, to collect non-personal information in the form of various usage and user metrics when you use our Website. These tools and technologies collect and analyze certain types of information, including cookies, IP addresses, device and software identifiers, referring and exit URLs, onsite behavior and usage information, feature use metrics and statistics, usage and purchase history, media access control address (MAC Address), mobile unique device identifiers, and other similar information. The third party analytics companies who collect information on our Website and other online products or services may combine the information collected with other information they have independently collected from other websites or other online or mobile products and services relating to your activities across their network of websites as well as online or mobile products and services. Many of these companies collect and use information under their own privacy policies. In addition to our use of technologies as described herein, we may permit certain third party companies to help us tailor advertising that we think may be of interest to you based on your use of our Website and to otherwise collect and use data about your use of our Website. For more information about this practice, please see the “Third-party Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies” section below.
The information generated by Google Analytics and DoubleClick Cookies about your use of the Website (including your IP address) may be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. In case of activation of the IP anonymization, Google will truncate / anonymize the last octet of a particular IP address. Only in exceptional cases, the full IP address is sent to and shortened by Google servers in the USA. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the Website, compiling reports on Website activity and providing other services relating to Website activity and internet usage to the Website. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. However, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this Website
You may opt out of the DoubleClick cookie by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page or you may opt out of Google Analytics by visiting the Google Analytics opt-out page.
By downloading and installing the browser plug-in available at http://www.google.com/settings/ads/plugin?hl=en, you can permanently opt out of the DoubleClick cookie. The plugin lets you keep your opt-out status even when you clear all cookies.
Please note that on this Website, for some countries Google Analytics code may be supplemented by “gat._anonymizeIp();” to ensure an anonymized collection of IP addresses (so called IP-masking).
third-party use of cookies and other tracking technologies
Some content or applications, including advertisements, on the Website are served by third parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers and application providers. These third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use our Website. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.
We do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly. For information about how you can opt out of receiving targeted advertising from many providers, see “Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information”.
how we use your information
In general, we use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
to present our Website and its contents to you;
to provide you with information, products or services that you request from us;
to manage your account and provide you with customer support;
to provide you with notices about your account or subscription, including expiration and renewal notices;
to notify you about changes to our Website or any products or services we offer or provide though it;
to allow you to participate in interactive features on our Website;
to perform research and analysis about your use of, or interest in, our products, services, or content, or products, services or content offered by others;
to determine whether users of the Website are unique, or whether the same user is using the Website on multiple occasions;
to track usage throughout various components of the Website (g., tracking where traffic comes from, how traffic flows within the Website, etc.);
to monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, pages viewed, demographic patterns, ;
to communicate with you about products or services that may be of interest to you either from us, our affiliates or other third parties;
to develop and display content and advertising tailored to your interests on our Website and other sites;
to verify your eligibility and deliver prizes in connection with contests and sweepstakes;
diagnose or fix technology problems;
to enforce our terms and conditions;
to manage our business;
in any other way we may describe when you provide the information; or
for any other purpose with your consent.
We may also use your information to contact you about our own and third parties’ services that may be of interest to you. For more information, see “Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information”.
We may use the information we have collected from you to enable us to display advertisements to our advertisers’ target audiences. Even though we do not disclose your personal information for these purposes without your consent, if you click on or otherwise interact with an advertisement, the advertiser may assume that you meet its target criteria.
Disclosure of Your Information
We want you to understand when and with whom we may share personal or other information we have collected about you or your activities on the Website or while using our services.
We may transfer your information and process it outside your country of residence, wherever the Website, its affiliates and service providers operate.
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction. We may combine non-personal information we collect with additional non-personal information collected from other sources. We also may share aggregated information with third parties, including advisors, advertisers and investors, for the purpose of conducting general business analysis. For example, we may tell our advertisers the number of visitors to our Website and the most popular features or services accessed. This information does not contain any personal information and may be used to develop content and services that we hope you and other users will find of interest and to target content and advertising.
We do not share your personal information with others except as indicated below or when we inform you and give you an opportunity to opt out of having your personal information shared:
To our subsidiaries and affiliates.
To our authorized service providers that perform certain services on our behalf. These services may include fulfilling orders, processing credit card payments, risk and fraud detection and mitigation, providing customer service and marketing assistance, performing business and sales analysis, supporting our Website functionality, and supporting contests, sweepstakes, surveys and other features offered through our Website. These service providers may have access to personal information needed to perform their functions but are not permitted to share or use such information for any other purposes.
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us about our Website users is among the assets transferred.
To third parties to market their products or services to you if you have consented to these disclosures.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
With your consent.
We may also disclose your personal information:
In response to a subpoena or similar investigative demand, a court order or other judicial or administrative order, or a request for cooperation from a law enforcement or other government agency; to establish or exercise our legal rights; to defend against legal claims; or as otherwise required by law (including responding to any government or regulatory request). In such cases, we may raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us, in our sole discretion.
When we believe disclosure is appropriate in connection with efforts to investigate, prevent, report or take other action regarding illegal activity, suspected fraud or other wrongdoing; to protect and defend the rights, property or safety of our company, our users, our employees, or others; to maintain and protect the security and integrity of our Website or infrastructure; to comply with applicable law or cooperate with law enforcement, government or regulatory agencies; or to enforce our Website terms and conditions or other agreements or policies.
Any third parties to whom we may disclose personal information may have their own privacy policies which describe how they use and disclose personal information. Those policies will govern use, handling and disclosure of your personal information once we have shared it with those third parties as described in this privacy policy. If you want to learn more about their privacy practices, we encourage you to visit the websites of those third parties.
how we store your information
The information that we collect about you, including personal information, may be stored and processed in any country in which we, our affiliates or service providers maintain facilities.
We may transfer information that we collect about you, including personal information, across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world. If you are located in the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, please note that we may transfer information, including personal information, to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction.
By using the Website you consent to the transfer of information that we collect about you, including personal information, to any country in which we, our affiliates or service providers maintain facilities and the use and disclosure of information about you as described in this privacy policy.
We use commercially reasonable safeguards (including physical, electronic and procedural measures) to help safeguard the information that we collect about you from unauthorized access and disclosure secure and take reasonable steps (such as requesting a unique password) to verify your identity before granting you access to your account. Furthermore, only authorized employees are permitted to access personal information, and they may do so only for permitted business functions. In addition, we use encryption in the transmission of your sensitive personal information between your system and ours, and we use firewalls to help prevent unauthorized persons from gaining access to your personal information.
We want you to feel confident using our Website. However, no system can be completely secure. Therefore, although we take steps to secure your information, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information, searches, or other communications will always remain secure.
choices about how we use and disclose your information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us.
You can choose not to provide us with certain personal information, but that may result in you being unable to use certain features of our Website because such information may be required in order for you to register as a member; purchase products or services; participate in a contest, promotion, survey, or sweepstakes; ask a question; or initiate other transactions on our Website.
You may, at any time, update, correct, or delete certain personal information that you have provided to us by contacting us at the email address provided at the end of this privacy policy.
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. To learn how you can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe’s website. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of the Website may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
You may opt out of the DoubleClick cookie by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page or you may opt out of Google Analytics by visiting the Google Analytics opt-out page.
You may permanently opt out of the DoubleClick cookie by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available at Google Analytics opt-out page. The plugin lets you keep your opt-out status even when you clear all cookies.
When you register on our Website, you may be given a choice as to whether you want to receive email messages, newsletters or both about product updates, improvements, special offers, or containing special distributions of content by us. If you no longer want to receive commercial or promotional emails or newsletters from us, you will need to avail yourself of the unsubscribe mechanism set out in the applicable communication. It may take up to seven days for us to process an opt-out request. We may send you other types of transactional and relationship e-mail communications, such as service announcements, administrative notices, and surveys, without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them. Please note that opting out of receipt of promotional email communications will only affect future activities or communications from us. If we have already provided your information to a third party before you have changed your preferences or updated your information, you may have to change you preferences directly with that third party.
If you submit personal information, you may delete your account with us at any time. If you delete your account, your personal information and any and all other account related information including, but not limited to, user profile data, sharing data and any other data, or content specifically associated with your account will no longer be accessible by you. After deleting your account, if you choose to have an account with us in the future, you will have to sign up for a new account as none of the information you previously provided or saved within your account will have been saved.
You can disable the location services on your mobile device or tablet. Most likely, these controls are located in the device’s settings menu. If you have questions about how to disable your device’s location services, we recommend you contact your mobile service carrier or your device manufacturer.
How We Protect Your Personal Information
We take appropriate security measures (including physical, electronic and procedural measures) to help safeguard your personal information from unauthorized access and disclosure. For example, only authorized employees are permitted to access personal information, and they may do so only for permitted business functions. In addition, we use encryption in the transmission of your sensitive personal information between your system and ours, and we use firewalls to help prevent unauthorized persons from gaining access to your personal information.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone. We urge you to be careful about giving out information in public areas of the Website like message boards. The information you share in public areas may be viewed by any user of the Website.
We want you to feel confident using our Website. However, no system can be completely secure. Therefore, although we take steps to secure your information, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information, searches, or other communications would always remain secure. Users should also take care with how they handle and disclose their personal information and should avoid sending personal information through insecure email. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.
User Contributions
We may provide areas on our Website where you can post information about yourself and others and communicate with others, upload content (e.g., pictures, videos, audio files, etc.), and post comments or reviews of content found on the Website. Such postings are governed by our terms of use found at http://www.williamhiggins.com/content/2257-compilance.. If you use a forum, blog, channel, bulletin board, chat room, user commenting features, or other interactive sharing or social features that may be offered through our Website, you should be aware that any personal information you submit, display, or publish there is considered publicly available and can be read, collected, used, and disclosed by other users of those features, by us, and other third parties without restriction, except to the extent limited access features are available, if any. In addition, such postings may appear on other websites or when searches are executed on the subject of your posting. If you post your email address, you may receive unsolicited messages. We cannot control who reads your posting or what other users may do with the information you voluntarily post, so we encourage you to exercise discretion and caution with respect to your personal information. Once you have posted information, you may not be able to edit or delete such information. To request removal of your personal information from our blog, sharing service or community forum, for example, send us an e-mail at administrator@williamhiggins.com. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
Accessing and Correcting Your Information
You may, at any time, send us an e-mail at administrator@williamhiggins.com to request access to, correct or delete certain personal information that you have provided to us, except personal information or data that is necessary for administration purposes or for fraud prevention measures. We cannot delete your personal information except by also deleting your user account. We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.
If you delete your User Contributions from the Website, copies of your User Contributions may remain viewable in cached and archived pages, or might have been copied or stored by other Website users. Proper access and use of information provided on the Website, including User Contributions, is governed by our terms of use found at http://www.williamhiggins.com/content/2257-compilance.
Financial Information
Any financial data that you have provided to us will only be shared with the Website’s third party processors in order to initiate and complete any orders placed on your account. All credit card transactions and such are processed with industry standard encryption through third party processors who only use your information for that purpose. All financial data and information shall be considered private information and will not be shared by the Website with third parties except with your authorization or when necessary to carry out all and any transactions requested by the user with the understanding that such transactions may be subject to rules, terms, conditions and policies of a third party. All such information provided to a third party and all transactions are not governed by this privacy policy. All such information provided to a third party is subject to their terms and conditions.
Third Party Login Functionality
We may permit users with accounts on certain third party services, including but not limited to, social networking, search, sharing, and other services delivered by third parties, to bypass the standard applicable registration process. If you connect through an authorized third party service, you will be able to use your third party login information to log in to your account or access our content and Website. We are not responsible for the sharing, posting, commenting, or other content and information gathering practices of any third party services that may be triggered by using these third party login services. Please review their terms of service and privacy policies carefully before using third party login functionality to access our Website.
By using any third party services to log in to your account or access our Website, you permit us to access, store and use all information related to your third party account that may be accessible to us through the third party service, including through its application programming interface (API), pursuant to this privacy policy.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We may modify or revise our privacy policy from time to time in our sole discretion and you agree to be bound by such modifications or revisions. Although we may attempt to notify you when major changes are made to this privacy policy, you are expected to periodically review the most up-to-date version found at http://www.williamhiggins.com/content/privacy-policy, so you are aware of any changes, as they are binding on you.
If we change anything in our privacy policy, the date of change will be reflected in the “last modified date”. You agree that you will periodically review this privacy policy and refresh the page when doing so. You agree to note the date of the last revision to our privacy policy. If the “last modified” date is unchanged from the last time you reviewed our privacy policy, then it is unchanged. On the other hand, if the date has changed, then there have been changes, and you agree to re-review our privacy policy, and you agree to the new ones.
All changes are effective immediately when we post them, and apply to all access to and use of the Website thereafter. The updated version of our privacy policy supersedes any prior versions immediately upon being posted, and the prior version(s) shall have no continuing legal effect. If you do not review new terms as posted, then you agree that you have waived your right to do so, and you are therefore bound by the updated conditions, even if you failed to review the new ones. You are on notice of changes, and your failure to review the amended terms is your own omission. By continuing to use the Website subsequent to us making available an amended version of our privacy policy, you thereby acknowledge, agree to and consent to such amendment.
Enforcement
We regularly review our compliance with this privacy policy. Please feel free to direct any questions or concerns regarding this privacy policy or our treatment of personal information by contacting us through this Website at administrator@williamhiggins.com. When we receive a formal written complaint, it is our policy to contact the complaining party regarding his or her concerns. We will cooperate with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that cannot be resolved by an individual and us.
No Rights of Third Parties
This privacy policy does not create rights enforceable by third parties or require disclosure of any personal information relating to users of the Website.
Our Policy Towards Children
Our Website is not directed to children. If you become aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us at administrator@williamhiggins.com. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children. If we become aware that a child has provided us with personal information, we take steps to remove such information and terminate the child’s account.
No Error Free Performance
We do not guarantee error-free performance under this privacy policy. We will use reasonable efforts to comply with this privacy policy and will take prompt corrective action when we learn of any failure to comply with our privacy policy. We shall not be liable for any incidental, consequential or punitive damages relating to this privacy policy. The laws of Cyprus shall, to the extent applicable, govern this privacy policy.
Contact Information
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our information-handling practices, please contact us at administrator@williamhiggins.com.
Cookies are very important if you want to get discount sales and full functionality of our website!
SAVE MONEY & KEEP COOKIES
LOOSE OPTIONS & REMOVE COOKIES
You can withdraw your Cookie Agreement anytime later here: https://www.williamhiggins.com/content/cookies
WH SHOP STR8HELL.com ARCHIVES NEWSLETTER BILL's BLOG LOG IN JOIN
About WH Buy our DVDs WEBMASTERS FAQ Workshop Dream set Contact Support
© William Higgins 1997 - 2020
18 U.S.C. 2257 Record-Keeping Requirements Compliance Statement
Please visit CCBill.com or Epoch.com, our authorized sales agents. Privacy Policy, Manage Cookies