http://www.8thdeadlysim.com/privacypolicy
8th Deadly Sim Privacy Policy
Effective 09/03/2001
Privacy Notice Table Of Contents:
Preface: "Just Tell Me What I Want to Know!"
Our Commitment To Privacy
The Information We Collect
How We Use Information
Our Commitment To Data Security
Our Commitment To Children's Privacy
How To Contact Us
Preface: "Just Tell Me What I Want to Know!"
Claw and I enjoy our privacy and we firmly believe in your right to it as well.
As a result the only personal information we ask of you is your email address, which we need inorder to process your payments and contact you when we need to. We also log your IP address for security purposes.
We will also store a cookie on your machine with your login info, so you don't have to log in everytime you come to the site (this can be disabled if you want).
We will also collect traffic data to allow us to figure out things like how many people come to the site.
The only personal information that ties you to that traffic data is your ip address. For details on what exact data we do collect, read the rest of our policy.
Considering that 8DS is a subscription site, there is no advertising (yahoo!).
Therefore you don't need to worry about advertisers collecting any data about you.
That's it.
At least the important stuff.
For all the gory details, please read on...
Thanks for considering joining 8DS,
Ken Thieme - elToro
Co-Owner 8th Deadly Sim
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us.
To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on every page on our site.
The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the 8th Deadly Sim website. The only information we directly solicit from you is your email.
This is needed for payment of your subscription and inorder for us to contact if needed.
We also log your ip address for both security reasons and logging of traffic.
All additional information we collect is non-identifing.
This information includes:
referrer
browser
screen resolution
bytes transferred
requested item (page, graphic, etc)
The Way We Use Information:
We use your email address to verify payments and contact you when needed. Your address is not used for any other purpose and is not shared with outside parties.
Finally, we will never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Our Commitment To Children's Privacy:
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important.
For that reason, we do not allow anyone under 18 from subscribing to the site, unless parental consent is provided.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call me at 210-573-0389 or send me an email at eltoro@goobsoft.com.
Copyright © 2000-2005
Goobsoft
This site is not endorsed by or affiliated with Electronic Arts, or its licensors.
Trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
Game content and materials copyright Electronic Arts Inc. and its licensors.
All Rights Reserved.
Terms of Use | Privacy Policy