http://www.dementia.org/privacy
Toggle navigation
Dementia A-Z
Types
Alzheimer's Disease
Vascular Dementia
Lewy Body Dementia
Parkinson's Disease
Mixed Dementia
Frontotemporal Dementia
Huntington's Disease
Creutzfeldt-Jakob Disease
Normal Pressure Hydrocephalus
Wernick-Korsakoff Syndrome
Articles
About Us
What Is Dementia?
Go
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how dementia.org uses and protects any information that you give dementia.org when you use this website.
dementia.org is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
dementia.org may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from November 17, 2011.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name and job title
contact information including email address, phone number
demographic information such as address, postcode, preferences and interests
height, weight, age, and/or other physical information
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
ip address and/or other traffic analysis data
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emailsabout new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customize the website according to your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure,we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Your personal information
We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting.
Most Searched Types
Alzheimer's
Huntington's Disease
Parkinson's Disease
Creutzfeldt-Jakob Disease
Early-Onset Dementia
Tags:
Learn More:
End Stage Of Dementia
Should I See A Psychiatrist, Or A Neurologist?
The Mini Mental Status Exam (MMSE)
The Montreal Cognitive Assessment (MoCA)
The Best Foods For Dementia Patients
Early-Onset Dementia
Company
About Us
Contact Us
Publish
Newsletter
Helpful Links
Symptoms
Causes
Types
Treatment
DISCLAIMER
Healthcare Brands does not endorse or provide any medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment. The information provided herein should not be used during any medical emergency or for the diagnosis or treatment of any medical condition and cannot be substituted for the advice of physicians, licensed professionals, or therapists who are familiar with your specific situation. Consult a licensed medical professional or call 911, if you are in need of immediate assistance. Furthermore, the information reflects the opinions of the author alone and not those of the author’s employer or Healthcare Brands. For more information, please carefully read our Privacy Policy the Terms and Conditions of Use.
Copyright ©1999-2020 Healthcare Brands - All Rights Reserved.
DEMENTIA.ORG IS A PRODUCT OF HEALTHCARE BRANDS
&COPY 1999-2020, ALL RIGHTS RESERVED