http://www.bendecho.de/help/privacy
English
Deutsch
Family Filter On
Family Filter Off
Popular
Upcoming
My Network
Favorites
Dashboard
Join bendechoLogin
Sprache in
Deutsch ändern |
Hooray! You've made it!
You found probably the funniest site of the internet! Share and discover hilarious, crazy and weird videos, images or what ever you want and find people who share your sense of humour.
We suggest
English as your preferred language. You can change the language next to the bendecho logo.
Let it rock! ;-)
Privacy
The protection of your personal data is a central concern for Rankeffect Online Marketing. With these data protection provisions, Rankeffect Online Marketing would like to inform you of the processing of personal data.
1. Data Collection
For the registration for Rankeffect Online Marketing and for the creation of your own user profile, you provide data about yourself, such as, for example, e-mail address or gender. Such personal data are handled confidentially by Rankeffect Online Marketing in accordance with legal regulations and, without further express consent, are collected, processed and used during the contractual relationship only for the purposes of carrying out the agreement. The collection, use, and processing of data takes place electronically.
2. Personal Data
By the term "personal data," Rankeffect Online Marketing means information on your identity, such as, for example, your name, e-mail address or postal address.
You have the right, at any time, to view the personal data stored on your person and the settings of your user account, and to correct, supplement or delete the same.
The deletion of the stored personal data is to occur if the consent for storage is revoked, its knowledge is no longer necessary for the fulfillment of the purpose pursued with the storage or its storage is impermissible for other legal reasons.
3. Data Use and forwarding to Third Parties
All data that you have conveyed to us are naturally treated confidentially! We generally do not make available your data for the use of others, unless you have given your agreement to this. Rankeffect Online Marketing shall forward information to third parties only if this is mandatory due to statutory and legal reasons and/or it is necessary to offer and implement services of the platform for the user and/or Rankeffect Online Marketing has the express permission of the user for this.
Rankeffect Online Marketing is furthermore entitled to forward information to a third party if such party is to undertake services and actions on behalf of and for Rankeffect Online Marketing, such as, for example, letting the software of the platform run on outsourced servers.
We are committed to the security of your data within the framework of the applicable data protection laws, but no electronic communication is fully secure. We would like to point out to you that, despite our strict requirements, information that you voluntarily release over the Internet could be used by others. Therefore, Rankeffect Online Marketing can assume no responsibility or liability for the disclosure of information based on errors upon data transmission and/or unauthorized access by third parties. You are aware that, at any time, the provider of Rankeffect Online Marketing may view the website service stored on the Web server and, under the circumstances, also additional data stored there from a technical view. To the full extent, you shall take care of the security and protection of the data that you transmit over the Internet and that are stored on the Web servers.
4. Cookies
Under the applicable legal provisions, we may analyze user profiles under a pseudonym for purposes of advertising, market research and improvements to our service, provided that you haven't exercised your legal right to object to such use of your personal data. Part of our service requires us to make use of so-called cookies. Cookies are small amounts of data stored on your computer by your Internet browser. Cookies can be used to store information about your visit to our Web site.
To the extent that Google AdSense, an Internet advertising service of Google Inc., USA ("Google"), operates advertising on this website (text advertisements, banners, etc.), your browser may store a cookie sent by Google Inc. or a third party. The information stored in the cookie can be recorded, collected and evaluated by Google Inc. or also a third party. Moreover, to collect information, Google AdSense also uses so-called "Web Beacons" (small invisible graphics), through the use of which simple actions (such as visitor traffic on the website) can be recorded, collected and evaluated. The information concerning your use of this website produced by the cookie and/or web beacon is transmitted to one of Google's servers in the U.S. and stored there. Google uses the information received in such a manner in order to conduct an evaluation of your use behavior regarding the AdSense advertisements. If necessary, Google will also transmit such information to a third party, if this is mandated by law or to the extent that such third party processes such data on behalf of Google. Your IP address will not be linked with other data stored by Google.
Rankeffect Online Marketing also uses the data with Google Analytics, and web analysis service from Google Inc. ("Google"). Nobody's personal data is handed over to Google or is evaluated by Google. Google's evaluation takes place without any reference to you personally. The information generated through the Google cookie regarding your use of the Rankeffect Online Marketing website (including IP address) is passed on to a Google server in the USA and stored there. Google uses this information to evaluate your use of the Rankeffect Online Marketing website, to compile reports about the activity on websites for
and to perform further services relating to the use of the website and the internet. Google will pass this information on to third parties, if this is required by law or if third parties are contracted by Google to process this data. Google will never connect your IP address with other information from Google. You can prevent cookies from being installed by using the appropriate option in your browser; we would like to advise you that if you do this, you may be able to take advantage of the full range of Rankeffect Online Marketing's internet services.
Most browsers accept cookies by default. However, you may reconfigure your browser to reject cookies or to require confirmation prior to accepting them. If you reject cookies, you may experience errors with some of our content.
5. Amendments to this Data Protection Declaration
Rankeffect Online Marketing is entitled to amend this data protection declaration under consideration of applicable data protection regulations. Rankeffect Online Marketing shall indicate any amendment to this declaration on its platform. The user has the option to object to an amendment in writing within 14 days; for doing so, an e-mail is sufficient. In such an event, Rankeffect Online Marketing may discontinue the service for the user.
Submit New
Advertisment
Rising Upcoming Votes
Denied Villa Room Escape Walkthrough, hacked, cheats
armorgames24
10
Einfach Umzug Duisburg - Umzugs- und Lagerservice
umzugduisburg
9
Rainforest Landscape Jungle Escape Walkthrough, hacked, chea
armorgames24
9
BG Video in Cleveland, OH - Video Production Service
BGVideo
9
Christmas Palace Escape Walkthrough, hacked, cheats
armorgames24
9
Rising Upcoming - Videos
California Happy Homes Napa CA - Real estate consultant
californiahappyhomes
4
Rising Upcoming - Games
Pleasant Christmas Forest Escape Walkthrough, hacked, cheats
armorgames24
4
Stuff of the Month
** Kelly Clarkson ~ Already Gone **
tiptopmodel
13
Dress Up Crayon Shin Chan
freegameswow
3
Warrior
TRAMALIN
7
More
Action Feed
GTI Corporation Glendale CA : Te... Idaho Neighborhood Solutions in ... GetMovers Vaughan ON - Moving co... Meds Cafe Lowell Mi : Cannabis S... Einfach-Umzug Köln - Umzugs- und... Champs Helmets Fullerton CA : Sp... Integrity Roofing & Siding San A... Flossome Orthodontics Miami FL -... Berkshire Mountain Health in Gre... Benson Website Designer Company ...
Social Media
Highlights of the Week
bendecho
About bendecho
How bendecho Works
Community Guidelines
Press
Help
Help / FAQ
Submit Tips
Protection of Minors
Contact
Tools
Buttons
Badges
Thumbnails
Legal Stuff
Terms of Use
Privacy
Legal Notice
Associates
MMO NEWS
Leckere Koch- und Backrezepte
Tierlexikon
HipHop Radio
Pressemitteilung schreiben