http://www.thunderinthemountains.com/wp/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Protecting your private information is our priority.  This Statement of Privacy applies to the www.thunderinthemountains.com and Thunder in the Mountains and governs data collection and usage.  For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to the Thunder in the Mountains include www.thunderinthemountains.cm and TitM.  The TitM website is an ecommerce site.  By using the TitM website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
TitM may collect personally identifiable information, such as your name.  If you purchase an event registration, we collect billing and credit card information.  This information is used to complete the purchase transaction.
Use of your Personal Information
TitM collects and uses your personal information to operate its website and deliver the services you have requested.
TitM does not sell its customer lists to third parties.
Security
Personal information you provide will be secured in accordance with industry standards and technology. Since the internet is not a 100% secure environment, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to TitM. There is no guarantee that information may not be accessed, copied, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards
You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information, and for controlling access to your email communications at all times
When you personal information (such as credit card numbers) are transmitted to us for processing, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as SSL (secured socket layer) protocol.
We process through a third party vendor program to validate compliance with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) mandated by all the major credit card associations including: American Express, Diners Club, Discover, JCB, MasterCard Worldwide, Visa, Inc. and Visa Europe.
TitM welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy.  If you have any questions please contact TitM at:
Email:
Contact@thunderinthemountains.com
Phone:
303-698-1207