http://www.gaypaintings.com/privacy.htm
Gaypaintings.com --
Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement for Gaypaintings.com
The gaypaintings.com has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site: The gaypaintings.com.
The Internet is a constantly developing medium and we reserve the right to amend and modify this privacy policy in the future. By continuing to use the web site after the posting of such changes, you are deemed to accept the privacy policy as amended.
Information Automatically Logged
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is also used to gather broad demographic information.
Cookies
Our Site uses cookies to aggregate broad demographic data as it relates to user behavior. You also have choices with respect to cookies. By modifying your browser preferences, you have the choice to accept all cookies, to be notified when a cookie is set, or to reject all cookies. By disabling cookies, you might not be able to use certain portions of our website, including gaypaintings.com magazine.
Advertisers
The gaypaintings.com may perform statistical analyses of user behavior in order to measure interest in the various areas of our site (for product development purposes) and to inform advertisers as to how many consumers have seen or "clicked" their advertising banners. We may also use demographic and preference information to allow advertising banners on our Web site to be targeted, in aggregate, to the readers for whom they are most pertinent. This means that readers may see advertising that is most likely to interest them, and advertisers send their messages to people who are most likely to be receptive, improving both the viewer's experience and the effectiveness of the ads. In this statistical analyses and banner advertisement targeting, we will disclose information to third parties only in aggregate form.
We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. Our third-party advertising company also separately places or recognizes a cookie file on your browser in the course of delivering advertisements to this Site. These companies may use information about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
Third Party Advertising
We may use third-party advertising companies either to serve ads when you visit our Web site, or to send you email advertisments that may be of interest to you. These companies may use information about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites or via email about goods and services that may be of interest to you.
Third Party Cookies
In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique "cookie" on your browser.
Sponsors
Promotions and competitions that run on The gaypaintings.com may be sponsored by companies other than The gaypaintings.com or may be co-sponsored by The gaypaintings.com and another company. Some or all data collected during a promotion may be shared with the sponsor.
The gaypaintings.com or its sponsors or business partners may, from time to time, send you email regarding its products and services.
On some types of The gaypaintings.com promotions and services, we may ask for your email address. When you participate in these types of promotions, you may automatically receive promotion or service - related email. Occasionally these such email messages may include targeted advertisements.
Form Submissions
Certain online purchase options require users to give us financial information (such as their bank account or credit card numbers), and demographic information (such as their zip code, age, or income level).
Financial information that is collected is used solely to bill the user for products and services.
Demographic and profile data is occasionally collected at our site. This information may be shared with advertisers on an aggregate basis. However, according to Israeli law, we are not allowed to use such information to discriminate against or create racial incitement towards the user/visitor.
Our site uses forms for our viewers to request information, products, and services. Our advertisers might collect contact information (like their email address), financial information (like their account or credit card numbers), and demographic information (like their zip code, age, or income level).
Contact information from the order forms is used to ship purchases, information about our company, and to send promotional material from some of our partners to our customers. The customer's contact information is also used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary, and to share with other companies who may want to contact our visitors. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our site requests information from users via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
E-Mail
Using the e-mail addresses provided on registrations, surveys, and contests, The gaypaintings.com, The Jerusalem Report and The gaypaintings.com periodically sends promotional e-mail to its subscribers about services offered by The gaypaintings.com,
and its carefully selected advertisers. If you do not wish to receive solicitations sent on behalf of third parties, you will have to unregister from our service. Please note that only registered users may use our entire site.
The gaypaintings.com may contact you regarding account status, changes to the subscriber agreement, and to confirm registration.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites. The gaypaintings.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, The gaypaintings.com cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or from our online products or services, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems.
Special Interest Sites
The gaypaintings.com provides certain services in conjunction with third parties: Jpostpersonals.com provides a discreet and fully confidential personals service. Such third parties have their own security and privacy policies. You advised to check them out separately as it pertains to their individual security and privacy policies.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact:
rafi@art4collector.com .
Naive Paintings
Realism paintings
Books and Diaries
gay stories
.......................
Gallery
1:Realism
art , Two men , Man
, Man&Woman , Two
Women , Woman , Portrait
Gallery 2:Red
art , Sitting man , Man
from Behind , Man in bed , Man
on chair , Couple in the park , Man
looking
Gallery
3: Naive
paintings , Couple in love, Couple
in the bath , Married men , Men
in games , Soldiers , Two
men runnig ,Couple on chair, Couple
looking , Couple peeing , Man
giving birth
Gallery
4: Other
subjects ,
Flowers
, Still life , Lions
, Paris , Flower watercolour
, Flower-drawing , Oil-painted
flower , Street
Gallery
5: Drawings
, Painter and model , Couple
with still life , Man near window , Man
and woman in Bed , Naked female , Hand
, Portrait drawing , Naked
self-portrait , Color paper
Gallery 6:
Erotic
, Two Men having sex , Two
men in bed , Kiss my ass , Gay
flag-paintings , Gay flag-color , Erotic
drawing , Sex Drawings , Sex
and Love
Gallery
7:Books and
Diaries , Children drawing , Notebook
, Abstract , Rodin
as a child , Dark drawing , My
drawing with kids , My parents , Diary
, Animals , Kiss between
man&woman , Emotion energy
E-MAIL
, ABOUT , CONTACT
, GAY POLL , FLASH
GALLERY , MONTHLY SPECIAL , PICTURE
STORY , SHOP
, ADD OUR SITE , ADD
YOUR SITE , FAQ ,Gay
Art Directory , Reference
, Home , Guest
Artist Galleries , Forum
, PURCHASE
Magazine , Erotic Drawings, Love Drawings