http://www.clubx.com.au/pages/policies-terms-conditions
CHRISTMAS ONLINE ORDER CUTOFF - WEDNESDAY DEC 16 - FREE EXPRESS POST FOR ORDERS ABOVE $80
Policies, Terms & Conditions
Policies, Terms & Conditions
Our Privacy Policy
Your privacy is our priority! The success of any business is built on trust. That’s why after 30 years, we are still the market leader.Because we gather certain types of information about our customers, we feel that you should fully understand the terms and conditions surrounding the capture and use of that information.This privacy statement discloses what information we gather, how we use it and how to correct or change it.
IP Address
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems if they should arise on our web server and to administer our web site. Your IP address is used to help identify you and your shopping cart and to gather broad demographic information
Registration and Promotions
We use registration forms. Registration forms require users to provide us with contact information such as names and e-mail addresses. The users contact information is used to facilitate order processing for purchases in the future, as well as to contact users about new ranges, specials and other promotions we may have. Individual user information is never disclosed to third parties. Promotions require users to go through the registration process. In addition to how registration data is used above, promotions use this data to contact winners of the promotion. By emailing us users can request changes or to be removed from receiving future promotional e-mails.
Your details will be kept confidential at all times. Your information will not be shared, traded, rented, passed on or sold to anyone outside of our business. This information will confidentially remain with us.By entering your email address to any part of our website, you accept to receive news updates from us. If you do not wish to receive this information, please email us to remove your email address from receiving these communications. Should subscribers and customers subsequently choose to unsubscribe from mailing lists we will provide instructions on how to unsubscribe on the appropriate website area or in said communications. On request, we will delete from its database personally identifiable information that has been submitted.
Order Forms
We use an order form for customers to purchase products. If you place an order with us, we will collect information from you, including your credit card and contact information. This information will be used by us to bill you for products. Contact information from the order form will also be used to ship orders, to contact you for customer service related issues and to send you information about our company.
Images & Packaging
Please note, the packaging and images on some products listed on this site may slightly vary from the product received.
Associated companies
We may, from time to time, share information with associated companies. These include ‘Sexpo’ Sexuality and Lifestyle Expo www.sexpo.com.au and ‘Twisted Toys’ http://www.twistedtoys.com.au for special offers etc. All of our companies observe the same privacy policies and protection of your details and information.For more information, don't hesitate to contact us
Online Pricing Policy
At clubx.com.au, we’re committed to offering our customers shopping convenience, exceptional service and an exciting product selection at competitive prices.
clubx.com.au and Club X stores operate separately. This means that the products and prices offered at each may be different.
For example:
clubx.com.au might carry something not offered in stores
A rabbit vibrator may be priced differently in the stores than on clubx.com.au
Similarly, promotional offers (such as coupons and additional discounts) offered at one may not be used at the others.
Online Sales Policy
You're receiving our newsletter email because you've signed up to receive updates from CLubX
*Limit to one redemtption per customer. ClubX online only offer - ClubX Retail Stores are not included. Any online offer cannot be redeemed in conjunction with any other offer. Offer is for a limited time only. ClubX has the right to end any sales at any given time.
Black Friday & Cyber Monday Sale
*Online store only offer. Cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer. For a limited time only.
Just added to your wishlist:
My Wishlist
Continue
You've just added this product to the cart:
Go to cart page
Continue
Continue
Wishlist
×
Product
Price
Quantity
Options
#title#
#price#
×
Comparing box
×
Features
Availability:
Price
Options
Actions