http://www.superdrewby.com/privacy.shtml
There are XXX Superdrewby members, Join for FREE now!
Home
About
About Drew
Advertise on Site
Awards
Members
Channels
Gay Sex Guide
Fitness Guide
Advice & Columns
Your Stuff
Gay City Guide
Superdrewby Unzipped
Activism
Gay News
Blogs
Film & TV
Music
Cool Stuff
Websites
Eye Candy
Featured Guys
Chris Summerfield
Top Ten Cute Guys
Underwear Debate
Twins
Stories
Short Stories
Submit A Story
Contact
Superdrewby Agreements
Privacy Policy
Related Information
Privacy Statement
Terms of Use
Copyright
Contact Superdrewby
1. What information does SuperDrewby gather/track about you?
The Superdrewby site collects general information on visitors to this site through
These sites and services may collect information other than what is passed onto Supedrewby and if you would like more information contact the individual service.
This site contains links to other sites. SuperDrewby is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
2. What does SuperDrewby do with the information it gathers/tracks?
Demographic and profile data is not used other than presenting on the site and helping to target the types of information and content included on the site.
We use an outside ad company to display ads on our site. These ads may contain cookies. While we use cookies in other parts of our Web site, cookies received with banner ads are collected by our ad company and are only used for purposes of displaying ads on our site. We do not have access to this cookie information.
Superdrewby will not sell, barter or trade your personal information gathered at the time of sign up, except where noted above, and/or when required by law to protect the safety of members, employees or property. Any information that you supply in reference to an advertisement posted on Superdrewby or outside marketing campaign in conjunction with an advertisement is not protected under this privacy policy.
3. What about online interaction and postings?
This site makes chat rooms and message boards available through third party providers, to its members and visitors. We do not record chat text from public or private chat rooms. The only time chat text may be recorded is in special event rooms during scheduled events. We encourage members and visitors to be smart about choosing when, and to whom they release personal information online. Please remember that any information disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
4. What security measures are in place?
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. All registration information is stored in secure locations on a password protected computer.
5. What about collecting information from children under 13 years of age?
We are all concerned about protecting privacy on the Internet and limiting access to information collected from minors. Superdrewby is mindful of its position as an Internet industry leader and understands that the protection of children on the Internet is very important. Superdrewby does not allow children under 13 years old to register as members of Superdrewby. As such, this site does not collect online contact information from children under 13. If you are concerned about a minor getting access to this site, consider using one of the following products, which offer parental control (Surf Watch, Net Nanny and Cybersitter).
6. Can visitors choose to opt-out or change personal information?
Our site provides visitors the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us and our partners at the point where we request information about the visitor. This site also gives visitors the ability to remove their information from our database, stop future e-mails, cancel our service, and change and/or modify information provided previously.
If you have any questions about our privacy statement, the practices of our site, or your dealings with SuperDrewby, contact:
DrewPostmaster@superdrewby.com
or use the contact form >>
NOTE: SuperDrewby believes in "safety first on the Internet." Always be careful who you talk to and what you tell strangers about yourself online. While using chat and forums, never tell strangers your real name, e-mail, street address, phone number, or any other personal information.
[an error occurred while processing this directive]
Print
Send Page
Feedback
Favorites
Superdrewby's Mission "To provide a safe and positive role model for gays and lesbians on the web." more
The Gay Sex Guide
Everything you wanted to know but
were too afraid to ask
Fitness Guide
Get fit and stay fit by working &
eating well, a Superdrewby special
Support Database
Find Support
organsiations and queer groups around the world
Gay & Lesbian News
Keep up to date on the Gay
& Lesbian News from around the world
The Gay City Guide
Where to go out, where to eat,
what to see, the definitive Gay City Guide!
Gay Short Films
The Superdrewby guide to all of the best
gay short films and TV spots!
Privacy | Terms of Use | Copyright
Contact | Sitemap