http://www.liveasiangirlcams.com/exec/privacy-policy.jsp
Menu
Home
Customer Login
Customer Join
Favorites
Search
Videos
Videos
Photos
Purchased
Performer Login / Join
Support
Login
Free Account
Login
Free Account
Categories
Want to be a model?
Girls looking for fun
Girls looking for love
Two girl shows
Male and Female shows
Cock zone
Privacy Policy
Account
Use of Services; Assumption of Risk
Your Additional Representations and Warranties
Third Party Links and Pages; Reliance
on Content and Advice
Proprietary Rights
Content Provided
Noncommercial Use
Personal Communications and License to
Your Content; Right to Block or Remove Content
Your Conduct
Member Interactions and Disputes
Subscription, Usage and Foreign Transaction
Fees; Promotional Credits
Termination
Renewals
We are committed to protecting the privacy of the personal
information you provide to us through the Website. Any personal information
submitted through the Website by you is subject to our Privacy Policy, which is incorporated herein by reference. PLEASE REVIEW OUR PRIVACY POLICY TO
UNDERSTAND OUR PRACTICES WITH RESPECT TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION. We do not
knowingly collect personal information from persons under the age of 18. The
date of the last update to our Privacy Policy will be noted at the top of our
Privacy Policy.
Account
In order to participate in or receive certain Services, you will
be required to create an account with us (“Account”), and you may be subject to
additional contractual terms and conditions applicable to such Services
(“Additional Terms”), which Additional Terms will be accessible to you on the
Website or presented to you as Additional Terms when you sign up for or access
such Services. Any such Additional Terms shall be incorporated into and form a
part of these Terms. Your Account is for your individual, personal use only,
and you may not authorize others to use your Account for any purpose. In
creating your Account, you certify that all information you provide is complete
and accurate. You agree to update your information when required or requested,
and you further agree not to use another person’s account without permission.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of, and restricting
access to, your Account and password, and you agree to accept sole
responsibility for all activities that occur under your Account or password.
You agree to contact our customer service department immediately of any breach of security
or unauthorized use of your Account or any violation of these Terms by others
of which you are aware. You agree that we shall have no liability for any
losses, damages, liabilities or expenses you may incur due to any unauthorized
use of your Account, and you agree to indemnify us and hold us harmless for any
such unauthorized use. We reserve the right to create accounts for quality
control and administrative purposes. Such accounts may be publicly viewable.
Use of Services; Assumption of Risk.
The Services may not be accessed or used where prohibited by law.
You understand that by accessing or using the Services, you may encounter
content that may be deemed mature, offensive, indecent or objectionable, which
content may or may not be identified as having explicit language or adult
themes, and which in certain circumstances may be due to your interactions with
other users or members in the course of accessing or using the Services. YOU
FULLY ASSUME ALL RISK OF LOSS AND RISK OF PERSONAL HARM ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE
OF THE SERVICES, including but not limited to, any online or offline
communications and personal interactions with others (such as dating). It is
your responsibility to take all advisable and necessary precautions when
interacting with individuals you meet or come into contact with through the
Services.
Your Additional Representations and Warranties.
You further represent and warrant to us, under penalty of perjury, as follows:
(a)   You will not provide or
permit access or use of the Services, or your Account, by any minors;
(b)   Your Account
information is current, complete and accurate and you will promptly update all
information to keep your Account and billing information complete and accurate
upon any change (such as change of billing address, credit card number or
expiration date);
(c)   You have not and will
not access or use the Services from any place or jurisdiction where such use is
prohibited or contrary to applicable laws, rules, regulations, ordinances,
edicts or customs, and you are not a national or resident of any country which
the United States has (i) embargoed goods; (ii) identified as a “Specially
Designated National”; or (iii) placed on the Commerce Department’s Table of
Deny Orders;
(d)   Your use of the
Services is and will be in compliance with all applicable laws, rules,
regulations, ordinances, edicts or customs;
(e)   If you establish an
Account, you (i) have never been convicted of a felony; and (ii) are not
required to register as a sex offender with any government entity or agency;
and
(f)   You are either single
or separated from your spouse or domestic partner.
(g)   You will not use any
robot, spider, scraper or other automated measures to (i) access or use the
Services, (ii) circumvent any technical measures we use to provide the
Services, (iii) cause harm to us or our affiliated entities, (iv) manipulate the
results or outcome of any contest, game, program, or promotion that awards
Promotional Credits (defined below).PLEASE NOTE THAT WE DO NOT CONDUCT CRIMINAL BACKGROUND SCREENINGS ON OUR USERS OR MEMBERS.
Third Party Links and Pages; Reliance on Content and Advice.
(a)   The Services may
include hyperlinks or banner ads to third-party websites, content and/or
resources ("Resources"). You acknowledge and agree that we have no
control over and are not responsible for the availability of any such Resources,
and we do not endorse any advertising, products or other materials on or
available from such Resources. Because we cannot control the activities of such
Resources, we cannot accept responsibility for any use of your personal
information by such third parties, and we cannot guarantee that they will
adhere to the same privacy and security practices as us. If you visit or link
to a Resource, you should consult that Resource's privacy policy before
providing any personal information. You agree that we shall have no liability
for any losses, damages, liabilities or expenses you may incur due to your use
of such Resources, and you agree to indemnify us and hold us harmless for any
such use.
(b)   Opinions, advice,
statements, offers, or other information or content made available through the
Services are those of their respective authors, and should not necessarily be
relied upon. Such authors are solely responsible for such content. We do not:(i) guarantee the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any information
through the Services, or (ii) adopt, endorse or accept responsibility for the
accuracy or reliability of any opinion, advice, or statement made by any party
that appears through the Services. Under no circumstances will we or our
affiliated entities be responsible for any loss or damage resulting from your
reliance on information or other content posted through the Services or
transmitted to or by any of our users or members.
Proprietary Rights.
The content provided through the Services, including but not
limited to, the text, data, software, manuscripts, graphics, photographs,
music, sounds, videos, interactive features, blogs, posts, feedback, messages,
tags and other materials (collectively, "Content") and the
trademarks, service marks and logos contained therein ("Marks") are
owned by or licensed to us, subject to copyright and other intellectual
property rights under United States and foreign laws and international
conventions. All Content is provided to you solely for your information and
personal, non-commercial use. You agree to not engage in the use, copying, or
distribution of any Content other than as expressly permitted herein. If you
download or print a copy of the Content for personal use, you must retain all
copyright and other proprietary notices contained therein. You agree not to
circumvent, disable or otherwise interfere with security related features of
the Services or features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any Content
or enforce limitations on the use of the Services or Content. We or our
licensors retain all intellectual and proprietary rights in and to the Services
and Content, except as expressly provided herein. No right is granted to you
herein to use any Marks.
Content Provided "AS IS"
Access to Content.
You understand that
Content, whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, is the sole
responsibility of the person from whom such Content originated. We do not
control this Content and do not guarantee its accuracy, integrity or quality.
All such Content is provided "AS IS" without representation or
warranty of any kind. Under no circumstances shall we be liable to you in any
way for any Content, including but not limited to, any errors or omissions in
any Content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use
of any Content. We claim immunity from liability to the fullest extent
permitted by law, and as further provided under the Communications Decency Act,
for any Content provided by third parties. Neither our actions nor any
provision in these Terms is intended to waive, remove or usurp such immunity.
Noncommercial Use.
The Services are made available for your personal, noncommercial
use. You will not advertise or solicit any user or member to buy or sell any
products or services through the Services. You may not transmit any chain
letters, junk or spam e-mail to other users or members. Further, you will not
use any information obtained from the Services in order to contact, advertise
to, solicit, or sell to any user or member without their prior express consent.
If you breach the terms of this subsection and/or send or post unsolicited bulk
email, "spam" or other unsolicited communications of any kind through
the Services, we reserve all rights, claims and causes of action we may have, statutory
or otherwise, including but not limited to, the right to seek statutory
penalties for each such unsolicited communication you send through the
Services.
Personal Communications and License to
Your Content; Right to Block or Remove Content.
(a)   You acknowledge and
agree that your communications with other users or members via chats,
conferences, bulletin boards, blogs, posts and any other publicly accessible
avenues of communication through the Services are public and not private
communications. Therefore, we strongly encourage you to use caution before
disclosing any personal information about yourself in your public
communications. We are not responsible for information that you choose to
communicate to other users or members, or for the actions of other users or
members, and you agree to indemnify us and hold us harmless from any losses,
liabilities, damages or expenses you may incur due to such communications or
actions. Except as provided in our Privacy Policy, once you post, send or
otherwise make publicly available any Content through the Services
("Personal Content"), you expressly grant us, and hereby represent
that you have the right to grant us, a perpetual, irrevocable, world-wide,
assignable, sub-licensable, and transferable right and license to quote,
re-post, use, copy, reproduce, modify, create derivative works of, incorporate
into other works, distribute, transmit, broadcast, communicate, publicly
display, publicly perform and otherwise exploit such Content in any form or
media, anywhere, and without any notice or compensation to you of any kind. You
hereby grant us all consents, rights and clearances to enable us to use such
Personal Content for such purposes. Personal Content may be searchable by, and
you may be able to view and search Personal Content on, different websites
(i.e., different URLs in the form of "co-brands" or "private
labels") operated by us or our affiliated entities. Personal Content may
also be searchable by third-party search engines, such as google, yahoo and bing.
(b)   We reserve the right,
but not the obligation, to refuse to transmit or post, and to disclose, block
or remove any Content, including but not limited to, Personal Content, in whole
or in part, that we, in our discretion, deem to be in violation of these Terms
or otherwise harmful to persons using the Services, regardless of whether this
material or its dissemination is unlawful. We retain the right, but not the
obligation, to monitor all transmissions and postings of Personal Content and
other materials from time to time to investigate or prevent violations of these
Terms. In addition, we may also take reasonable steps, including the limiting
or filtering of the number of emails, chat messages or posts sent or received
by a user or member.
Your Conduct.
You further agree not to use the Services to:
(a)   upload, post, email,
transmit or otherwise make available any Content that is unlawful, harmful,
threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, obscene, libelous,
invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise
objectionable;
(b)   harm minors in any way
or commit abuse;
(c)   impersonate or
misrepresent your affiliation with, including acting as an employee of, us or
our affiliated entities;
(d)   forge headers or
otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any Content
transmitted through the Services;
(e)   upload, post, email,
transmit or otherwise make available any Content that you do not have a right
to make available under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships
(such as inside information, proprietary and confidential information learned
or disclosed as part of employment relationships or under nondisclosure
agreements);
(f)   upload, post, email,
transmit or otherwise make available any Content that infringes any patent,
trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights of any person;
(g)   upload, post, email,
transmit or otherwise make available any unsolicited or unauthorized
advertising, promotional materials, "affiliate marketing codes,"
"link referral code," or any other form of commercial solicitation;
(h)   upload, post, email,
transmit or otherwise make available any material that contains software
viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt,
destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software, hardware, networks
or telecommunications equipment;
(i)   disrupt the normal flow
of dialogue, cause a screen to "scroll" faster than other users or
members of the Services are able to type, or otherwise act in a manner that
negatively affects other users' or members' ability to engage in real-time
exchanges;
(j)   interfere with or
disrupt the Services or servers or networks connected to the Services, or
disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks
connected to the Services, including using any device, software or routine to
bypass our robot exclusion headers;
(k)   violate any applicable
local, state, national or international law, including, but not limited to,
regulations promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, any
rules of any national or other securities exchange, including, but not limited
to, the New York Stock Exchange, the American Stock Exchange or the NASDAQ, and
any regulations having the force of law;
(l)   provide material
support or resources (or conceal or disguise the nature, location, source, or
ownership of material support or resources) to any organization(s) designated
by the United States government as a foreign terrorist organization pursuant to
section 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act;
(m)   "stalk" or
otherwise harass another person or user or member;
(n)   collect or store
personal data about other users or members without their consent (including,
but not limited to, through the use of scripts, bots or web crawlers) or
upload, post, email, transmit, chat or otherwise disclose other users' or
members' private information; or
(o)   disclose any telephone
numbers, street addresses, last names, URLs or email addresses in any user or
member profile that you create.
PLEASE REPORT ANY VIOLATIONS OF THIS
SECTION OR THESE TERMS TO OUR CUSTOMER SERVICE
DEPARTMENT.
Member Interactions and Disputes.
(a)   YOU ARE SOLELY
RESPONSIBLE FOR YOUR INTERACTIONS WITH OTHER USERS AND MEMBERS OF THE WEBSITE
AND SERVICES. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT WE HAVE NO OBLIGATION TO SCREEN OUR
USERS OR MEMBERS; INQUIRE INTO THE BACKGROUNDS OF OUR USERS OR MEMBERS; OR ATTEMPT
TO VERIFY THE STATEMENTS OF OUR USERS OR MEMBERS. WE MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR
WARRANTIES AS TO THE CONDUCT OF USERS OR MEMBERS OR THEIR COMPATIBILITY WITH
ANY CURRENT OR FUTURE USERS OR MEMBERS. IF YOU FIND OTHER USERS' OR MEMBERS'
INFORMATION TO BE OFFENSIVE, HARMFUL, INACCURATE AND/OR DECEPTIVE, YOU MAY USE
THE REPORT ABUSE
PAGE PROVIDED ON THE WEBSITE. WE RESERVE
THE RIGHT, BUT HAVE NO OBLIGATION, TO MONITOR DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND OTHER
USERS OR MEMBERS OR TO TERMINATE OR BLOCK YOU AND OTHER USERS OR MEMBERS FOR
VIOLATIONS OF THESE TERMS. PLEASE ALSO USE CAUTION, COMMON SENSE, AND SAFETY
WHEN USING THE SERVICES TO INTERACT WITH OTHER USERS AND MEMBERS. We further
reserve the right, but have no obligation, to conduct any credit, criminal or
other background checks using publicly available records, at any time, to
confirm your compliance with these Terms.
(b)   In the event that you
have a dispute with one or more other users or members, you hereby release us,
our parent, subsidiaries and affiliated entities, and ours and their
shareholders, directors, officers, employees, agents, successors and assigns
from any and all claims, demands, damages (actual and consequential), losses
and liabilities of every kind or nature, known and unknown, suspected and
unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, arising out of or in any way related to
such disputes. If you are a California resident, you waive California Civil
Code Section 1542, which says: "A general release does not extend to
claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the
time of executing the release, which, if known by him must have materially
affected his settlement with the debtor."
Subscription, Usage and Foreign Transaction
Fees; Promotional Credits.
(a)   Subscription Fees. Certain Services are subject to subscription fees ("Subscription
Fees"). These Subscription Fees are provided to you upon registration and
may change from time to time. Unless otherwise indicated, Subscriptions Fees
cover an initial period, for which there is a one time charge, followed by
recurring periodic charges for subsequent periods as agreed to by you upon
registration. You acknowledge that your subscription has an initial and
recurring payment feature and you accept responsibility for all recurring
charges prior to cancellation. WE MAY SUBMIT PERIODIC CHARGES (E.G., MONTHLY)
WITHOUT FURTHER AUTHORIZATION FROM YOU, UNTIL YOU PROVIDE PRIOR NOTICE
(CONFIRMED IN WRITING AT OUR REQUEST) THAT YOU HAVE TERMINATED THIS
AUTHORIZATION OR WISH TO CHANGE YOUR PAYMENT METHOD. SUCH NOTICE WILL NOT
AFFECT CHARGES APPLIED BEFORE WE CAN REASONABLY ACT. TO TERMINATE YOUR
AUTHORIZATION OR CHANGE YOUR PAYMENT METHOD FOR SUBSCRIPTIONS, GO TO THE BILLING
HISTORY PAGE.
(b)   Other Fees. Certain other Services may require you to make one-time payments or prepay
certain amounts for credits, tokens, digital items or goods which may be
redeemed solely for specified Services ("Credits"). Credits, as well
as unused balances as described in Section 14(c), may not be redeemed for cash
and may not be returned or forfeited for a cash refund, except as may be required
by applicable law. In addition, Credits and unused balances are not
transferable.
(c)   Usage Fees. Certain Services may require a sufficient balance of funds in your Account
against which usage or similar fees (e.g., pay per minute or pay per view) may
be charged.
(d)   Foreign Transaction
Fees. We may use credit card processors or banks outside the United States
to process your transactions. In some instances, your bank or credit card
issuer may charge you a foreign transaction or similar fee or charge. Before
purchasing any Services, please check with your bank or credit card issuer for
more information about its policies regarding foreign transaction and similar
fees and charges.
(e)   Promotional Credits. You expressly acknowledge that any promotion that provides points, pre-recorded
shows, or similar credits or benefits (collectively, "Promotional
Credits") may be terminated by us in our sole discretion at any time. If
you have not logged into your account in the previous 180 days or if your
membership is terminated for any reason, your Promotional Credits, if any, will
expire and be forfeited. Unless expressly indicated for the specific promotion,
Promotional Credits have no cash value and may not be redeemed for cash, converted
for other Services and/or transferred to third-parties.
Termination.
(a)   We reserve the right to
terminate or restrict your access to or use of the Services, without notice or
liability, for any or no reason whatsoever. In addition, we may terminate your
Account and any membership and/or subscription with us by sending notice to you
at the email address you provided in your application for membership, or
pursuant to Section 31 below. All decisions regarding the termination of Accounts shall be made by
us in our sole discretion. We are not required, and may be prohibited, from
disclosing to you the reason for termination of your Account, membership or
subscription.
(b)   You may terminate your
Account, membership and/or subscription with us at any time, and termination
will be effective immediately upon receipt of notice in accordance with Section
31. Refunds will be provided 60 days after proper request made at contact form.
(c)   Upon termination of
these Terms for any reason, those provisions which, by their nature survive termination shall survive termination in accordance with their respective terms.
Renewals.
(a)   In order to provide continuous
service, we automatically renew all paid subscriptions for the Services on the
day such subscriptions expire. Such renewals shall be (i) for a period
equivalent to the period of your initial subscription to the Services or a
shorter period of time if specified, and (ii) in our discretion, at the price
of the same or comparable Services then in effect. In addition, we sometimes
offer special promotions that have renewal periods of different duration than
the original subscription term. We always communicate renewal periods to you
upon confirmation of your subscription and in the body of any special
promotions that have renewal periods of different duration than the original
subscription term. By agreeing to these Terms, you acknowledge that your Account
will be subject to the above-described automatic renewals. In all cases, if you
do not wish your Account to renew automatically, please go to the BILLING
HISTORY PAGE and turn auto-renewal off.
(b)   Your non-termination or
continued use of the Services reaffirms that we are authorized to charge your
chosen payment provider. We may submit those charges for payment and you will
be responsible for such charges. This does not waive our right to seek payment
directly from you. Your charges may be payable in advance, in arrears, per
usage, or as otherwise described when you initially subscribed to, or otherwise
joined, the Services.
Performers HomepageBilling SupportFAQTerms and ConditionsPrivacy PolicyContact Us
Disclaimer: This site contains sexually explicit material and is intended only for persons over the age of 18 that are not offended by such material.
All persons whose images are displayed on this site have contractually represented to us that they are at least 18 years of age.
18 U.S.C. 2257 Record Keeping Requirements Compliance Statement
For Epoch purchases please visit
Epoch our authorized sales agent
Copyright © 2006-2020 liveasiangirlcams.com - cheap sexy asian webcam chat and fun. All rights reserved.
Attention
The site contains sexually explicit material. Enter this site ONLY if you are over the age of 18 and are not offended by such material
Important Notice: All persons whose images are displayed on this site are autonomous, work from remote private premises, and are neither employees, nor independent contractors of liveasiangirlcams.com
This site has rules and guidelines for performers but exercises no real-time control over the images displayed by them.
18+
Exit