http://www.thetemple.cc/femdom/privacy_policy.htm
Privacy Policy - Femdom Personals
This Privacy Policy is applicable to g c productions and all g c productions partners and their online
communities, including TheTemple.cc.
TheTemple.cc and its partner sites have created this Privacy Policy in
order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. We have adopted the
following policies to safeguard your personal information and are
committed to protecting its confidentiality. We will notify all
registered users via email of any change to this privacy policy, via
email as well as  communicated on the site.
Information Automatically Captured from Visitors
We use your IP address (the series of numbers associated with your
individual computer) to help us maintain our site and identify problems
with our server. Your IP address does not disclose any personally
revealing information about you.
We use cookies to identify traffic that comes through advertising and to
facilitate a more user friendly experience. We also use cookies to keep
you logged in across all the different services on TheTemple.cc and
its personals partner sites. Cookies are small pieces of information
that a website places on your computer's hard drive so we know it's you
when you visit. This helps us to create a personalized experience for
you when you visit our site. The use of cookies is a very common
practice on the Internet.
Personal Information
When you become a TheTemple.cc member or a member of one of its
personals partner sites, you will be asked for some general identifying
information which will enable us to provide you with this individualized
service. We gather contact information (like your email address),
demographic information (like your gender and age), and, if you choose
to become a premium member, financial information (like your credit card
number and expiry date). We will only use this information in the course
of providing our service to you. Should this entail sharing information
with professional advisors or consultants, the sharing will be limited
to demographic (non-identifying) information, for research purposes.
By completing a profile, this information will be viewable by other members,
but it will not be associated on the website with your personal contact
information.
Use of and Access to this Information
We use your contact information to send you valuable updates, timely
notices of promotions, status reports and newsletters from TheTemple.cc
or its partner sites. However, we will never send any unsolicited
email or spam to you.
Every
email you receive from TheTemple.cc, TheTemple.cc's partners and/or g c productions
will explain why you are on that particular
mailing list and how you can remove yourself from it.
Your demographic (non-identifying) information is used to personalize
your experience on the site, allow other members to find you through a
search result and to compose your personal ads. Your contact information
is never available to other members; they can only contact you via your
profile nickname, using the anonymous messaging system.
In the event that you decide to become a premium member, you will be asked for your
financial information (like credit card number and expiry date), which
is encrypted via a secure server and sent to a third party intermediary
for processing. This information is used to bill you for those products
or services which you choose to purchase. Before entering your financial
information, you will be transferred to a secure server to ensure that
your transaction is secure. This ensures that your information is
encrypted and cannot be read by others when you initiate your order. You
will know you are in secure mode when the tiny padlock icon — located
at the bottom of your browser — appears "locked," and the
URL in the address bar is prefixed with:  https://
The personally identifiable information we collect from you may be used
to improve the content and functionality of our website, customize the
content or layout of our pages for each individual member or to notify
members about updates to our website. Your personally identifiable
information is not shared with other organizations that are not partners of
g c productions without your consent, except in
situations where required by law.
Changing Profile and Account Information
You can always change your profile information by selecting
"MyTemple" from the navigation bar at the top of the
navigation bar of any page on TheTemple.cc.
Online Behavior
TheTemple.cc members communicate with each other through their personal ads,
live messaging, forums and live chat. While
we do not, moderate or monitor members' private exchanges, we
reserve the right to do so if we suspect users of being under 18(21 in
some locations) or of
using our service for the purpose of solicitation or any other violation
of our Terms
of Service. Forums, chat, personal ads content and member
submissions which appear on TheTemple.cc and g c productions partner sites are
strictly moderated and, if necessary, we reserve the right to edit or
delete any communication on a public area of the site.
If you have any further questions about our privacy policy, please read
the FAQ or contact us.
Femdom Personals  |  copyright
Reproduction of any material from
TheTemple.cc or any of our partner sites without written permission is strictly
prohibited.
© g c productions. All rights reserved.