https://www.hollandamerica.com/en_US/legal-privacy/privacy-policy.html
Privacy Policy | Holland America
Privacy Policy | Holland America
Skip to Contentcall buttontoggle buttonLanguage EnglishEnglishGermanSpanishDutch0SearchNeed Assistance?1–877–932–4259ChatLog In | Registerback buttonLog In | RegisterMy AccountRegister
CLOSEPlanback buttonPlanCLOSEFind a CruiseFlight EasePre & Post CruiseCelebrations On BoardGroups and ChartersCancellation ProtectionHoliday CruisesSpecialty CruisesFamily TravelPersonal Cruise ConsultantFuture Cruise CreditWhere We Goback buttonWhere We GoCLOSEAll DestinationsAlaskaAsiaAustralia & New ZealandCanada & New EnglandCaribbeanEuropeGrand VoyagesHawaii & TahitiMediterraneanMexicoNorthern EuropePacific CoastPanama CanalSouth America & AntarcticaTransatlanticThe Experienceback buttonThe ExperienceCLOSEWhy We SailShore ExcursionsOur ShipsDiningSuites and StateroomsLive Music ActivitiesCruise Dealsback buttonCruise DealsCLOSECruise DealsSign Up For Special OffersAlready Bookedback buttonAlready BookedCLOSEMy AccountManage My BookingsCheck InBuy a Gift for a GuestMake a PaymentMariner SocietyBook Shore ExcursionsWhat to Know Before You GoMain Content
Cruise ContractPrivacy & CookiesWebsite Terms & ConditionsContent Use AgreementPassenger Bill of RightsAbout Our Ads
Holland America Line Privacy Summary
Last Updated: December 27, 2019
Holland America Line N.V. ("Holland America Line," "we," "our," or "us") is a division of Carnival Corporation & plc. We recognize that your privacy is important. Your choice to share information with us is an import part of how we provide a world-class travel experience. We’ve developed this Privacy Summary to give you a quick understanding of how and why we collect, use, and share your information both online and in the real world.
If you want more information, you can read the full version of the Holland America Line Privacy Notice.
How We Collect And Use Your Information
We collect many categories of personal information. The categories we collect may include: Contact and profile information; comments and suggestions, chat and opinions; Payment and transaction information; Location information; Information provided by social networks; Information provided by third parties; Information about fraudulent or criminal activity related to your account.
This information is collected from you in many ways, which are described in the full Notice. A few examples include:
WHEN YOU PROVIDE PERSONAL INFORMATION TO US. We collect personal information about you when you register for an account, make a purchase, sign up for marketing communications, participate in an offer, or send it to us.
WHILE YOU ARE ON YOUR VACATION. We collect personal information about you when you choose to use our or our third-party partners’ Services, including amenities, excursions, casinos, and otherwise through photo and video footage of our ships.
WHEN YOU USE OUR ONLINE SERVICES. We collect some personal information about you automatically as you use our Service and during your vacation.
FROM THIRD-PARTY SOURCES. We may also collect personal information from our third-party partners who help us to provide the Service or from other third- party partners to supplement or enhance our information.
We use personal information to facilitate your vacation and our other Services, to fulfill your requests, process transactions and contact you; to send you personalized advertising and promotional content and materials; to analyze and improve our Services and our business; and for other reasons described more fully in our Privacy Notice below.
To learn more about the information we collect and how we use it, see our full Privacy Notice.
How We Share Your Information
We share information in a variety of circumstances to provide our services, respond to your requests, improve your experience, and otherwise conduct our business. For example, we may share information:
With our affiliates and companies in the Carnival Corporation& plc family of companies, who may use your information in the same way as we can under this Privacy Notice.
With travel partners and providers, such as travel agencies, airlines, and excursion operators to facilitate your travel experience.
With third party partners and service providers to facilitate our Services, fulfil your orders or requests, when you choose to share your activities on Holland America Line with your friends and contacts, or when you engage in promotional activities we provide with third party partners.
With select third parties, so that they can provide you with information and marketing messages about products and services you may enjoy.
In connection with a corporate transaction, such as a merger, sale, reorganization, financing, or in the event of a bankruptcy or related or similar proceeding.
Where we believe such disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the personal safety or health of our guests, family members or others or support the health and wellbeing of our guests and their families.
As required by law or subpoena where necessary to comply with law and law enforcement, to enforce our Terms, to protect the security or integrity of our Services, and to exercise or protect the rights, property, and safety of us and other third-parties. To learn more about these and other ways in which we may share your personal information, please see our full Notice.
Choices About Your information
We want you to understand your choices regarding how we may process your personal information. Depending on how you use the Service, these choices may include the following:
ABOUT OUR ADS. We participate in interest-based advertising and use third party advertising companies to serve you targeted advertisements based on your browsing history. To learn more about our advertising practices and your choices relating to advertising, please see the About Our Ads notice for more information.
PROFILE ACCESS & SHARING SETTINGS. You may access and update your profile information, such as your user name, address, or billing information, and may change some of your data sharing preferences on your account page.
DEVICE SETTINGS. If you would like to update your device access permissions, such as permissions to access your geolocation, camera or address book, you can do so in the "Settings" app on your mobile device.
PROMOTIONAL MESSAGES. You can stop receiving promotional email communications from us by following the “unsubscribe” instructions provided in such communications. We make every effort to promptly process all unsubscribe requests. You may still receive Service-related communications, including account verification, transactional communications, changes/updates to features of the Services, and technical and security notices.
Please be sure to check the full Privacy Notice for more information about your choices.
Region-Specific Disclosures
We may choose or be required by law to provide different or additional disclosures relating to the processing of personal information about residents of certain countries, regions or states. Please refer below for disclosures that may be applicable to you:
If you are a resident of the State of California in the United States, please see California-specific privacy rights.
If you are a resident of the State of Nevada in the United States, please Nevada-specific privacy rights.
If you are located in the European Economic Area ("EEA"), please see EEA-specific privacy rights.
Questions?
For more questions about our Privacy Notice, please feel free to email us at privacyHAL@HollandAmerica.com.
Privacy Notice
Holland America Line N.V. ("Holland America Line," "we," "our," or "us") is a division of Carnival Corporation & plc. We recognize that your privacy is important. Your choice to share information with us is an important part of how we provide a world-class travel experience. We’ve developed this Privacy Notice to explain how your personal information is collected, used, stored, processed, transferred and disclosed by Holland America Line, both online and in the real world.
Our Services. This Privacy Notice applies to our websites and applications, including but not limited to, hollandamerica.com (collectively, our "Sites") and any other website, mobile application, or other online service that links to this Notice as well as to your interactions with us before, during and after one of our vacation experiences (collectively with our Sites, our "Services").
Please note that this privacy notice does not apply to our processing of information about employees, crew, contractors or our vendor contacts.
By providing us with your personal information or otherwise using our Services, you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agree to the terms of this Privacy Notice and our Terms of Service.
Please read our Privacy Policy to understand:
How We Collect And Use Your Information
How We Share Your Information
Choices About Your Information
Children’S Privacy
Region-Specific Disclosures
How We Protect Your Information
TSA Secure Flight Notice
Links To Third-Party Services
Changes To Our Privacy Notice
Questions? Comments? Contact Us
How We Collect and Use Your Information
We collect personal information in various ways, for example, when you visit our online sites and services, book travel, create an account, enjoy our vacation experiences while on a voyage, communicate with us or otherwise engage with our Services. All of the information collected through our Services may be combined to provide a seamless, personalized experience, regardless of how you interact with us.
The categories of personal information we collect can include:
Personal identifiers such as your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, date of birth or similar identifiers.
Customer records such as your identification documents, payment information (credit or debit card or other financial information).
Commercial information such as your travel history, account data, participation in a loyalty or rewards program, or information about the products or services purchased or considered.
Health or medical information such as accessibility information, care in one of our ship board clinics, medications, allergies or other medical accommodation needs.
Sensory information such as photos and videos of you and audio recordings of phone calls between you and us, where permitted by law.
Preferences you provide to us or generated through your use of the Services, including inferences we may make based on our experience with you.
Internet, network and device information from the browser or device you use to access our Services, which could include your IP address, device ID, cookie identifiers, browser type, internet service provider, referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp and or clickstream data.
Geolocation data including precise geolocation data from your browser or device or inferred based on your IP address.
Professional information if you submit a job application or in connection with your role as a travel partner or agent.
Keep reading to learn more about how we collect personal information you provide to us directly, information we collect through your use of the Services or your travel experience, and information we receive through third parties, and the purposes for which we use your information.
A. When You Provide Personal Information to Us.
REGISTRATION & PROFILE. If you register for an account through our Services or complete your traveler profile, we collect your personal identifiers, customer records, commercial information and, if you provide it, information about health or medical conditions. We use this information to create and administer your account, provide you with the relevant Services and information, communicate with you regarding your account and your use of the Services, provide rewards and loyalty program perks, for customer support purposes, and to send you marketing communications by email, push notification, or by text message, in accordance with your preferences.
TRAVEL BOOKINGS & ORDERS. If you book travel with us or order additional products or Services, we collect a variety of information, including your personal identifiers, customer records, commercial information and, if you provide it, information about health or medical conditions, as well as any other information you choose to provide to us. We use this information to process your transaction, complete and ship your purchase, book and confirm your travel itinerary, communicate with you and those travelling with you about your itinerary and to administer the Services.
INQUIRIES & COMMUNICATIONS. If you communicate with us or other guests through any paper or electronic form to request an itinerary, deck plan, brochure, ebrochure or video, or to otherwise inquire or communicate with us or other guests, we collect your personal identifiers, commercial information, and any other personal information you choose to provide in the content of your message. We use this information to investigate and respond to your inquiries, to facilitate communication with us and the other guests, to provide you with requested information, to enhance the services we offer to our guests, and to manage and grow our business. If you represent a company or agency interested in partnering with us, we will also collect your professional and employment information in order to respond to your inquiries, communicate with you, to manage and grow our organization and to facilitate a business relationship.
SURVEYS & SWEEPSTAKES. If you choose to take advantage of a promotion, respond to a survey, or enter a contest or sweepstakes, we collect your personal identifiers, customer records and any other personal information you are requested to provide at the time, or choose to provide to us. We use this information to administer and facilitate the Services, to respond to your submission, to communicate with you, to conduct market research, inform our marketing and advertising activities and improve and grow our business.
DEVICE CONTENT (CONTACTS AND PHOTOS). With your permission, we will collect content from the device you use to access our online Services, such as photos from your device camera roll and camera and the contacts from your address book. We use this information to take your security photo, to share photos and video you take during your vacation or to communicate with your contacts. For more information on how to withdraw your permission, please see the Choices About Your Information section below.
You may provide personal information for yourself and those traveling with you. By providing us with the travel or contact information of any third party, you confirm that you have the authority to do so on their behalf and have provided them with the information set out in this Privacy Notice. The personal information of each person whose personal information is linked to the same travel itinerary may be accessible by all others included in that same itinerary.
B. While You Are On Your Vacation.
When you take part in the Services aboard one of our ships or at one of our properties, we collect information about your visit, including information about your interactions with our staff, programming and with the technology-enhanced features of our ships and hotels.
There are a few different types of vacation experiences where we may collect and use your information:
AMENITIES, EXCURSIONS & ADD-ON SERVICES. If you choose to take advantage of our amenities or enhance your vacation with on-board purchases of goods or Services, we collect your personal identifiers, customer records, and commercial information. Depending on the Service, we may also need to collect information about your health or medical conditions. We use this information to process your transaction, book and administer your Services, to communicate with you and those travelling with you about your Services, and to inform our advertising and marketing activities. Where the Services are provided by third-party companies, we will use your information to coordinate and facilitate their provision of the Service.
INCIDENTS. If, while traveling with us, you suffer a personal injury, submit a claim about a personal injury, or are otherwise involved in an incident, we collect we collect your personal identifiers, health or medical information and details about the incident. We use this information to attend to your medical and safety needs, maintain records of incidents, facilitate investigations and remedies, to protect our rights and the rights of our guests, for security purposes, to prevent fraud, and to improve our Services.
PHOTO & VIDEO FOOTAGE. We collect a security photo at or before you board our ships. We operate closed circuit television (CCTV) cameras on board our ships, including at all access points and throughout the public areas. These CCTV cameras record continually and images of you may appear in these recordings ("CCTV images"). Photographers and camera crews take photographs and make films for guests to purchase at the end of their vacation or for our own promotional use. They are happy to take reasonable steps to avoid filming or photographing you where you indicate to the person with the camera that this is your preference , but we are unable to guarantee that your images will not be included on an incidental basis. We use this information for our own promotional purposes, to maintain records of incidents, facilitate investigations and remedies, to protect our rights and the rights of our guests, for security purposes, to prevent fraud, and to improve our Services. We may apply facial recognition technology to your security photo to enable embarkation, debarkation, at entry and exit of the vessel at ports of call. We may also use facial recognition to. link the pictures taken by onboard photographers to you for ease of ordering and to reduce paper waste. After sailing, you will still be able to access photos via our connection with a third party service. We delete facial biometric identifiers promptly following completion of the voyage though we may retain any photos that have been identified and linked to a guest account for up to two (2) years to enable guest access and purchase of photos and photo memorabilia after the end of the voyage.
CASINO. If you choose to play at one of our guest casino Services during your travels, including through available guest casino Sites, we may collect your personal identifiers, customer records and commercial information. We also collect information about your gaming activity, such as the games you play, duration of play, results of play, total amount wagered, and amount of winnings. We may use this information to maintain a win/loss statement, conduct credit checks, process lines of credit, to operate and maintain the Services, to validate your identity and age, to comply with our legal obligations, to prevent fraud, to provide you with promotions and offers during your vacation and for future travel, to inform our marketing and advertising activities, and to communicate directly with you.
C. When You Use Our Online Services.
When you visit our Sites or use our Services, read our emails, or otherwise engage with us through a computer or mobile device, we and our third party partners automatically collect information about how you access and use the Service and information about the device you use to access the Service.
We typically collect this information through a variety of tracking technologies, including cookies, Flash objects, web beacons, embedded scripts, location-identifying technologies, and similar technology (collectively, "tracking technologies"). Information we collect automatically about you may be combined with other personal information we collect directly.
Specifically, we and our third party partners may use tracking technologies to automatically collect commercial information, preferences, and internet, network and device information, including:
Information about how you access the Service, such as the site from which you came and the site to which you are going when you leave our Sites, how frequently you access the Service, when and whether you open emails or click the links contained in emails, whether you access the Service from multiple devices and other actions you take on the Service.
Information about how you use the Service, such as the pages you visit, the links you click, the ads you view and click on, purchase information and your checkout process, your location when you access or interact with our Service, and other similar actions.
Information about the computer, tablet, smartphone or other device you use, such as your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, platform type, device type/model/manufacturer, operating system, date and time stamp, a unique ID that allows us to uniquely identify your browser, mobile device or your account (including, e.g., a persistent device identifier or an Ad ID), and other such information.
Analytics information. We may collect analytics data, or use third party analytics tools, to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Service and to understand more about the demographics and behaviors of our users.
This information allows us to improve your customer experience. For example, we may use this information to enhance and personalize your user experience, to monitor and improve our Sites and Services, and for other internal purposes. We may also use this information to: (a) remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Sites; (b) provide custom, personalized content, and information; (c) identify and contact you across multiple devices; (d) provide and monitor the effectiveness of our Service; (e) perform analytics and detect usage patterns on our Service; (f) diagnose or fix technology problems; (g) detect or prevent fraud or other harmful activities, and (h) otherwise to plan for and enhance our Service.
If you would prefer not to accept cookies, most browsers will allow you to: (i) change your browser settings to notify you when you receive a cookie, which lets you choose whether or not to accept it; (ii) disable existing cookies; or (iii) set your browser to automatically reject cookies. For more information on how to block, delete and/or disable tracking technologies, access the “help” menu on your internet browser, or access http://www.aboutcookies.org/how-to-control-cookies. Please note, however, that disabling our cookies may mean that you will not be able to take full advantage of our Services.
Deleting cookies or controlling cookies through browser settings does not delete non-cookie tracking technologies such as Flash objects and HTMP5 Local Storage Objects (LSOs). To manage Flash cookie settings and preferences, you must use the settings manager on Adobe’s website. If you choose to delete Flash objects from our Service, then you may not be able to access and use all or part of the Service or benefit from the information and services offered.
We and our third party partners may collect information through tracking technologies for personalized advertising purposes. See About Our Ads to learn more.
D. Information From Third-Party Sources.
We may receive personal information about you from other users or our business partners and service providers and combine this information with other information we have.
AFFILIATES. We may receive information about you collected by other Carnival Corporation companies, businesses, brands and affiliated entities in our family of companies, so that information you provide to one brand may be used by us to better provide you Services and communicate with you.
SINGLE SIGN-ON. We use single sign-on to allow a user to enter login information from a third-party platform to access the Services. If you create or log into your account through a third-party social media site, such as Facebook or Google, these services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us, which could include your personal identifiers. We may use this information to authenticate your account, to provide you Services, to communicate with you, and for advertising and marketing purposes. The data we receive is dependent on the third-party’s policies and your privacy settings on that third-party site. To learn more about the use of data collection technologies by social media sites, please visit each site’s privacy policy.
SERVICE PROVIDERS & PARTNERS. From time to time, we may receive personal information about you from our service providers and other partners, including from our marketing partners or from third-parties conducting identity or address verification, payment processing, credit checks, processing lines of credit, or from our excursion partners or other partners providing activities. We use this information to validate your identity, age and address, to comply with our legal obligations, to monitor activity to identify and provide you with promotions and offers onboard and for future travel, and to prevent fraud, protect our rights and the rights of others, to inform our marketing and advertising activities, and to help provide our Services.
OTHER TRAVELERS. We may obtain information about you from other travelers who are travelling with you or have travelled with you, as well as your emergency contacts. We use this information to book your travel itinerary, communicate with you and those travelling with you about the Services, to administer the Services, and for the purpose for which it was provided to us.
TRAVEL AGENTS. If you purchase travel through a travel agent, the agent may send us your personal identifiers, commercial information and information about health or medical conditions. We will use this information to complete the transaction, book your travel itinerary, communicate with you and those travelling with you about the Services, analyze trends, improve our business, and facilitate your vacation experience. They may retain a copy of this data and are required to have appropriate admin, technical and other safeguards.
PUBLICLY AVAILABLE INFORMATION. We may also collect information about you that is publicly available. For example, we may collect information you publicly post or tag us in on social media sites, such as Facebook or Google, elsewhere online, and information contained in public records databases. We will use this information to conduct market research, verify your identity, prevent fraud, and improve our Services.
In addition to the uses described above, we may collect and use personal information for the following purposes:
To create, maintain, improve, and operate the Services.
To personalize your user experience.
To communicate with you to provide technical or administrative support.
To conduct, manage, and grow our organization.
To analyze, research, investigate and improve the use of our Services and interactions with our guests.
To prevent, investigate, and defend against fraud, unlawful or criminal activity, unauthorized access to or use of personal information and our data system services, and to comply with legal requirements, obligations and other governmental demands.
To investigate and resolve disputes and security issues and to enforce our Terms of Service.
For any other lawful, legitimate business purpose.
How We Share Your Information
We may share your personal information in the instances described below. For further information on your choices regarding your information, see the "Choices About Your Information" section below.
We may share your personal information in the following ways:
AFFILIATES. We may share personal information with our other Carnival Corporation companies, businesses, brands and affiliated entities in our family of companies, who may use your personal information in the manner described in this Privacy Notice.
SERVICE PROVIDERS. We share information with third party vendors and service providers that perform services for or on our behalf, which may include identifying and serving targeted advertisements, providing mailing or email services, tax and accounting services, product fulfilment, payments processing, data processing and enhancement services, fraud prevention, web hosting, analytic services, or other online functionality.
PROMOTIONAL PARTNERS. We may share limited personal information with third parties with whom we partner to provide promotions, excursions, activities, contests, and sweepstakes, or other promotional activities. The partner will usually be identified by name in our promotion, contest, or sweepstakes communication.
WITH TRAVEL AND EXCURSION PARTNERS. Some onboard products and services, excursions and other activities are provided by other companies or you may book a travel through multiple operators, such as a travel agent or airline. We may share personal identifers and similar information before, during and after your cruise to facilitate your travel activities, provide your requested services, and provide a seamless service to our guests.
AT YOUR REQUEST. With your consent or at your direction, we may share your information with. your friends and family through the Services or on various social media networks, or with third parties to whom you direct us to share information, such as excursion partners or your travel agent. If you post a product review on our website or a comment on our social media sites, the information you provide may be displayed on publicly online for others to view.
SELECT MARKETING AND STRATEGIC BUSINESS PARTNERS: We may share limited data with our marketing and strategic business partners, who may use this information for their own business and commercial purposes in accordance with their own privacy policies. For example, these partners may send you emails to provide you with information and marketing messages about products or services that may interest you.
CORPORATE TRANSACTIONS: Personal information may be disclosed to third parties in connection with a corporate transaction, such as a merger, sale of any or all of our assets or shares, reorganization, financing, change of control or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by an affiliate or third party, or in the event of a bankruptcy or related or similar proceedings; and
FOR HEALTH AND SAFETY REASONS: Your health and safety is important to us. We may share personal information with third parties or individuals if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary to protect the personal safety or health of our guests, family members or other individuals or where we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to support the health and wellbeing of our guests, their families or others. For example, we may disclose your personal identifiers and medical information if you require medical assistance or if we believe that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to inform health care and we may disclose similar information to your family members and emergency contacts, insurance providers, medical providers and family assistance companies in the event of health or safety incident. We may also be required to disclose personal identifiers and health or medical information to port authorities or government officials as needed to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations, attend to your medical and safety needs, facilitate investigations and remedies, to protect our rights and the rights of our guests.
LAW ENFORCEMENT, GOVERNMENT AUTHORITIES, REGULATORS AND FOR SAFETY OR LEGAL REASONS: We may share personal information with third-parties as required by law or subpoena or if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary to (a) comply with the our legal obligations under the laws in the jurisdictions in which we operate; (b) to comply with the lawful or reasonable requests of law enforcement, government authorities, courts or to respond to legal process; (c) to enforce our Terms of Use or to protect the security or integrity of our Service; and/or (d) to exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety or health of us, our guests, online visitors, or any other third-party. For example, and we may be required to disclose your personal identifiers, customer records and other information to customs agencies or port authorities in the locations where we stop in port.
We may also share information with others in an aggregated or otherwise anonymized form that does not reasonably identify you.
Choices About Your Information
PROFILE ACCESS & SHARING SETTINGS. You may access and update your profile information, such as your user name, address, or billing information, and may change some of your data sharing preferences on your account page.
GEOLOCATION & DEVICE CONTENT. You may control location tracking by adjusting your location services options on the “Settings” app on your mobile device. We may continue to approximate your location based on your IP address when you access the Services through a computer or device. If you would like to update your device content access permissions, such as permissions to access your camera or address book, you can do so in the "Settings" app on your mobile device.
PROMOTIONAL MESSAGES. You can stop receiving promotional email communications from us by following the “unsubscribe” instructions provided in such communications. We make every effort to promptly process all unsubscribe requests. You may still receive Service-related communications, including account verification, transactional communications, changes/updates to features of the Services, and technical and security notices.
ACCESSING, MODIFYING OR DELETING YOUR INFORMATION. In addition to the methods described in this Notice, you may be able access, modify, or delete your personal information, or remove your name or comments from our website or publicly displayed content. We may not be able to modify or delete your information in all circumstances.
To access, modify or delete your personal information, please submit a request by calling 1-877-932-4259
We will need to verify your identity before processing your request, which may require us to request additional personal information from you or require you to log into your account.
In certain circumstances, we may decline a request to exercise the requests described above, particularly where we are unable to verify your identity. If we are unable to comply with all or a portion of your request, we will explain the reasons for declining to comply with the request.
REQUESTS FOR MINOR CHILDREN. If you wish to submit a request to access, modify or delete information on behalf of your minor child, you must provide sufficient information to allow us to reasonably verify your child is the person about whom we collected personal information and you are authorized to submit the request on your child’s behalf (i.e., that you are the child’s legal guardian or authorized representative).
ABOUT OUR ADS. We participate in interest-based advertising and use third party advertising companies to serve you targeted advertisements based on your browsing history. To learn more about our advertising practices and your choices relating to advertising, please see the About Our Ads for more information.
Child Privacy
Though Holland America Line provides fun for families of all ages, most of our online Services are not intended to be used by children, nor do we have actual knowledge that children are using these online Services.
If you believe that we might have inadvertently collected information from a child without appropriate parental consent, please contact us at privacyHAL@HollandAmerica.com so that we may delete the information as soon as possible.
Region-Specific Disclosures
A. CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
This section applies to you if you are a resident of the state of California. California law requires us to disclose certain information regarding the categories of personal information we collect.
Collection and use of personal information. In the last 12 months, we have collected all of the categories of personal information described in our Privacy Notice. To learn more about the types of personal information we collect, the sources from which we collect it, and the purposes for which we use this information, please refer to How We Collect And Use Your Information of the Privacy Policy.
Disclosure of personal information. We share personal information with third parties for business purposes or we may sell your personal information to third parties, subject to your right to opt out of those sales. The categories of third parties to whom we sell or disclose your personal information for a business purpose include: (i) other brands and affiliates in our family of companies; (ii) our service providers; (iii) marketing and strategic partners; (iv) promotional partners; (v) ad networks and advertising partners; (vi) analytics providers; (vii) social networks. To learn more about how we disclose data to third parties, please refer to How We Share Your Information of the Privacy Policy.
Unless you have exercised your Right to Opt Out of personal information sales, we may sell personal information to third parties for monetary or other valuable consideration. The third parties to whom we sell personal information may use such information for their own purposes in accordance with their own privacy statements, which may include reselling this information to additional third parties.
In the previous 12 months, we have disclosed the all of the categories of personal information we collect to third parties for a business purpose.
In the previous 12 months, we have sold the following categories of personal information to third parties: (i) Personal Identifiers; (ii) Commercial Information; (iii) Preferences; (iv) Internet, network and device information.
Your Rights and Choices. As a California resident, you may be able to exercise the following rights:
The Right to Know any or all of the following information relating to your personal information we have collected and disclosed in the last 12 months: the categories or specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you; the categories of sources of the personal information; the categories of personal information that we have sold or disclosed to third parties for a business purpose, and the categories of recipients to whom this information was disclosed; and the business or commercial purposes for collecting or selling the personal information.
The Right to Request Deletion of personal information we have collected from you, subject to certain exceptions.
The Right to Opt Out of Personal Information Sales to third parties now or in the future. If you are under the age of 16, you have the right to opt in, or to have a parent or guardian opt in on your behalf, to such sales.
You also have the right to be free of discrimination for exercising these rights. However, please note that if the exercise of these rights limits our ability to process personal information (such as in the case of a deletion request), we may no longer be able to provide you our products and services or engage with you in the same manner.
How to Exercise your California Consumer Rights. You may submit a request to exercise your California Consumer Rights through one of the mechanisms described below. We will need to verify your identity before processing your request, which may require us to request additional personal information from you or require you to log into your account, if you have one. In certain circumstances, we may decline or limit your request, particularly where we are unable to verify your identity or locate your information in our systems, or as permitted by law.
To access, modify or delete your personal information, please submit a request by:
Filling out our Request Form, or
Calling 1–888-425-1329
If you wish to submit a request to access, modify or delete information on behalf of your minor child, you must provide sufficient information to allow us to reasonably verify your child is the person about whom we collected personal information and you are authorized to submit the request on your child’s behalf (i.e., that you are the child’s legal guardian or authorized representative).
In certain circumstances, you are permitted to use an authorized agent to submit requests on your behalf where you provide sufficient evidence to show that the requestor is an authorized agent with written permission to act on your behalf.
To submit a request to opt-out of personal information sales, click Do Not Sell My Personal Information to be added to our suppression list.
As is common practice among companies that operate online, we have permitted third party advertising networks, social media companies and other third party businesses collect and disclose your personal information (including preferences and internet, network and device information) directly from your browser or device through cookies or tracking technologies when you visit or interact with our websites, use our apps or otherwise engage with us. Please see About Our Ads to learn about the choices you may have in relation to those activities.
Minors. We do not sell the personal information of consumers we know to be less than 16 years of age, unless we receive affirmative authorization from either the minor who is between 13 and 16 years of age, or the parent or guardian of a minor less than 13 years of age. If you are under the age of 18 and you want to remove your name or comments from our website or publicly displayed content, please contact us directly at privacyHAL@HollandAmerica.com. We may not be able to modify or delete your information in all circumstances.
"Shine The Light" Law. California's "Shine the Light" law (Civil Code Section §1798.83) provides certain rights to California residents that have an established business relationship with us with regard to the disclosure of certain types of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To opt-out of having your personal information disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes, please click Do Not Sell My Personal Information and provide your contact information to be added to our suppression list.
Refer-a-Friend Programs. We may offer financial incentives if you refer a friend who has never sailed or booked with us before. As part of the Refer-a-Friend program, we will ask for your and friend’s personal identifiers (name, email address or other contact information). To learn more about this program, please read the Terms and Conditions before submitting your friend’s information. From time to time, we may offer other financial incentives associated with promotions or special offers. We will provide information about the material terms of the program and instructions on how to opt-in or opt-out of participation.
B. NEVADA PRIVACY RIGHTS
Chapter 603A of the Nevada Revised Statutes permits a Nevada resident to opt out of future sales of certain covered information that a website operator has collected or will collect about the resident. If you are a Nevada resident, you may submit a request to opt out of potential future sales under Nevada law by emailing us at privacyHAL@HollandAmerica.com. Please include sufficient information for us to identify you in your email, such as information about previous voyages, or, if applicable, your account information. Please note we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity and the authenticity of the request.
C. EUROPEAN PRIVACY RIGHTS
If you reside in the EU, you are entitled to the following rights in respect of personal information that we hold:
Right of Access. The right to obtain access to your personal information.
Right to Rectification: The right to obtain rectification of your personal information without undue delay where that personal information is inaccurate or incomplete.
Right to Erasure. The right to obtain the erasure of your personal information without undue delay in certain circumstances, such as where the personal information is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which it was collected or processed.
Right to Restriction. The right to obtain the restriction of the processing undertaken by us on your personal information in certain circumstances, such as where the accuracy of the personal information is contested by you, for a period enabling us to verify the accuracy of that personal information.
Right to Object. The right to object to us processing personal information relating to you.
Right to Port. The right to obtain certain personal information from us in a format that can be transferred electronically to a third party.
Right to be Informed. The right to be informed about the personal information being processed.
In some cases, our ability to uphold these rights for you may depend upon our obligations to process personal information for security, safety, fraud prevention reasons, compliance with regulatory or legal requirements, or because processing is necessary to deliver the services you have requested. Where this is the case, we will inform you of specific details in response to your request.
If you are a resident of the European Union, your rights under the General Data Protection Regulation are subject to the privacy notice applicable to residents of the European Union. For further information on how to exercise those rights, you may contact our Data Protection Officer by sending an email to dpo@hollandamericagroup.com. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the relevant data protection regulator.
How We Protect Your Information
We care about the security of your information and employ physical, administrative, and technological safeguards designed to preserve the integrity and security of all information collected through our Service. However, no security system is impenetrable and we cannot guarantee the security of our systems 100%.
In the event that any information under our control is compromised as a result of a breach of security, we will take steps to investigate the situation and, where appropriate, notify those individuals whose information may have been compromised and take other steps in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.
While we take steps to protect your personal information and keep it secure, you also play a role in protecting your information. You can help to maintain the security of your online and mobile transactions by not sharing your reservation number, username, or password with anyone.
TSA Secure Flight Notice
The Transportation Security Administration (TSA) requires you to provide your full name, date of birth and gender for the purpose of watch list screening under the authority of 49 U.S.C. section 114, the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 and 49 C.F.R. parts 1540 and 1560 for all commercial air travel within, into or out of the United States which is booked on or after August 15, 2009. You may also provide your Redress Number, if available.
If you book commercial air travel within, into or out of the United States in conjunction with your voyage we will request this information from you and forward it to the TSA as required by law. Failure to provide your full name, date of birth, and gender may result in denial of transport or denial of authority to enter the boarding area.
TSA may share information you provide with law enforcement or intelligence agencies or others under its published system of records notice. For more on TSA privacy policies or to review the system of records notice and the privacy impact assessment, please see the TSA Web site at www.tsa.gov.
Links To Third-Party Services
The Services may contain links to and from third party websites of our business partners, advertisers, and social media sites and our users may post links to third party websites. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for their policies. We strongly recommend that you read their privacy policies and terms and conditions of use to understand how they collect, use, and share information. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content on the websites of third party sites.
Changes To Our Privacy Notice
We may modify or update this Privacy Notice from time to time to reflect the changes in our business and practices, and you should review this page periodically. We will update the “Last Updated” date at the top of this page when we post changes to this Notice. If you object to any changes, you may close your account. Continuing to use our Services after we publish changes to this Privacy Notice means that you are consenting to the changes.
Questions? Comments? Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice or the website, please contact Customer Service 1–877-932-4259. Privacy question? Please email privacyHAL@HollandAmerica.com.
Effective Date: As of January 2020
© 2020, HOLLAND AMERICA LINE N.V. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
footerAbout Us Our CompanyCareersContact UsDiversity & InclusionE-BrochuresVisa® Rewards CardHolland America Line BlogTravel Resources Manage My CruiseCheck InNews & AdvisoriesBuy a Gift for a GuestBuy a Gift CardAccessibilityFrequently Asked QuestionsDiscover Cruising
Search CruisesAll DestinationsShore ExcursionsOur ShipsFlight EaseCruise DealsSign Up for Special OffersHolland America Line Rewards Visa® Card For Travel AdvisorsPassenger Bill of RightsCruise ContractPrivacy & CookiesDo Not Sell My Personal InformationSite Map facebookyoutubetwitterpinterestinstagram