http://www.telephonesexy.co.uk/privacy.html
Click here to go back
Privacy notice
This website is operated by LL99 Ltd. This privacy notice explains how we use any personal information we collect about you when you browse this website.
Premium Rate Services (PRS) and Premium Short Message Services (PSMS) are provided by Datapro Services Ltd. For information regarding their privacy policy visit
https://www.dataproservices.co.uk/privacy
When do we collect information about you?
We do not collect any personal information about you.
We do collect anonymised website analytical information when you use this website.
How do we collect information about you?
Anonymised website analytics are collected automatically using Google Analytics.
Why do we collect information about you?
We collect anonymised website analytics to track visitors.
We use this information to gauge how popular our website is, and which pages people frequent most often.
We store this information for a period of 26 months.
Who will the information we collect about you be shared with?
We do not collect or share information about you with anyone.
Access to your information and correction
You have a right to request access to the information we may hold about you, and a right to request we amend incorrect information we may hold about you.
If you would like to invoke your rights, please contact us using your preferred contact method as noted in the How to contact us section.
If you deem we are not handling your rights correctly you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
Changes to our privacy policy
We keep our privacy policy under regular review and we will place any updates on this web page.
This privacy policy was last updated on
24 May 2018.
How to contact us
Please contact us if you have any questions about our privacy policy or information we hold about you:
by emailing privacy@ll99ltd.co.uk
by phoning 0208 114 2016
or writing to LL99 Ltd., BM Box 8027, London, WC1N 3XX
Click here to go back