https://www.punterlink.co.uk/info/privacy-policy
Home
Advertise with us
Escort of the Week Ad
Advert Locations
Agency Maintenance
Site Guide
FAQ
Contact Us
Submit your site
Escort Photographers
Log In / Out
Escort of the Week
Featured Escort
Privacy Policy
punterlink.co.uk Privacy Policy
Please note - this policy applies only to visitors. If you are a client, please see the policy in your administration area.
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally Identifiable Information' (PII) is being used online. PII is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
No personally identifiable information is collected when simply visiting Punterlink.co.uk.
When do we collect information?
We will only collect PII if you become a client at which point the client privacy policy will apply.
How do we use your information?
As we do not collect PII from visitors, this does not apply. If you become a client, we may use any supplied information in accordance with the client privacy policy.
How do we protect your information?
As we do not collect PII from visitors, this does not apply. If you become a client, we may use any supplied information in accordance with the client privacy policy.
Do we use 'cookies'?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to allow better site navigation. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:
• Enable certain site functions to work correctly on your browser • Enable context sensitive navigation on Punterlink.co.uk
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since each browser is a little different, look at your browser's Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you turn cookies off, It won't affect the user's experience .
Third-party disclosure
As we do not collect PII from visitors, this does not apply. If you become a client, we may use any supplied information in accordance with the client privacy policy.
Third-party links
As a directory, we link to many other websites. Our linking to any third party website does not imply any warranty, endorsement or safety guarantee of said website. Punterlink does not accept any liability nor is responsible for third party links.
Google
Google's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en
We use Google AdSense Advertising on our website.
Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy.
We have implemented the following:
We, along with third-party vendors such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
Opting out:Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law's reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting Personally Identifiable Information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared. - See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
According to CalOPPA, we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously.
Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page or as a minimum, on the first significant page after entering our website.
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word 'Privacy' and can easily be found on the page specified above.
You will be notified of any Privacy Policy changes:
• On our Privacy Policy Page
How does our site handle Do Not Track signals?
We honor Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Does our site allow third-party behavioral tracking?
It's also important to note that we do not allow third-party behavioral tracking.
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States' consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
punterlink.co.uk
Anglo Media, PO BOX 479 Portsmouth, Hampshire PO5 1TR
UK
webmaster@punterlink.co.uk
Last Edited on 26th May 2018
Punterlink
Site Guide
FAQ
Blog Guide
About Us
Contact Us
LUE London Escorts
Page List
Jobs
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Terms & Conditions
Submissions
Submit your site
Submission Guidelines
Banner Codes
Useful Guides
Photographers
Dialing Codes
Diva Escorts
Passion VIP
Babylon Girls
Palace VIP
EasySex.com
Leeds Escorts
Elite Courtesans
Latest Updates
Escorts of the Week
Latest Blog Posts
Mistresses & Submissives
Independent Escorts
Agency Escorts
Escort Agencies
Massage Parlours
Strip Clubs
Adult Guides
Page Links
Paid Advertising
Oriental Escorts
BBW Escorts
Classified Adverts
Forum
Escort Reviews
All logos and trademarks in this site are property of their respective owner. The comments are property of their posters, all the rest © Punterlink 2000 - 2020.
Punterlink is an information resource, and as such has no connection or liability with any of the sites mentioned herein.
Unauthorized use of Punterlink by commercial organizations will be prosecuted...