http://www.northernspanking.com/pages/main/terms
Home
Updates
Photos
Films
Performers
About
Blog
Members login
Join
Join
Northern Spanking
Original spanking films & photography
WARNING! This website contains adult content and nudity. Viewer discretion is advised. If you are under 18, please leave now.
By going beyond this point you confirm that you are at least 18 years of age, you are legally able to view adult media in your country, you understand the above terms and you consent to view sexually explicit content.
I am over 18
Terms
TERMS OF USE
Last Modified: JUNE 22 2017.
A - GENERAL
B – AGE AND LEGAL ACCESS CERTIFICATION
C – CUSTODIAN OF RECORDS
D – TRADEMARKS
E – COPYRIGHTS
F – LIMITED LICENCE AND ACCEPTABLE USE
G – DISCLAIMER
H – LINKS TO THE SITE
I – LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES
J – JURISDICTION AND VENUE
K – PRIVACY POLICY
L – CHILDREN AND YOUNG PERSONS PROTECTION POLICY
M – REFUND POLICY
N – NOTICES
A – GENERAL
These Terms of Use describe the code of conduct that Kitchen Sink Productions and all of its properties operated under this name, including its principal website Northernspanking.com, requires of all end-users of its internet services (“Users”). These Terms of Use apply equally to those who access some of its services but do not have accounts ("Visitors") as well as those who pay fees to gain access to its services ("Members"). Kitchen Sink Productions requires that you read these terms and conditions carefully.
Your use of Kitchen Sink Production's services by accessing Northernspanking.com constitute your acceptance of these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to abide by these Terms, you are not permitted continued access to Kitchen Sink Production's services nor to Northernspanking.com and you are required to leave immediately.
Kitchen Sink Production's services as offered via its principal website Northernspanking.com contain materials of an adult-oriented, sexually explicit nature, specifically BDSM-focused depictions of consensual role-play scenes involving spanking, corporal punishment and associated themes taking place between adults. You agree and affirm that you are not offended by adult-oriented, sexually explicit materials of this nature and wish to view such materials.
B – AGE AND LEGAL ACCESS RESTRICTIONS
By entering Northernspanking.com, you agree and affirm that you are of legal age (18 years old in most jurisdictions, 21 in others) to view and purchase adult-oriented, BDSM-themed sexually explicit materials in your jurisdiction. You agree and affirm that you are accessing and viewing Northernspanking.com from a location and jurisdiction where the access, possession and use of these adult, sexually explicit, BDSM-themed materials is not prohibited by law. You agree and affirm that you will not make the products purchased from, downloaded from or otherwise accessed by you from Northernspanking.com available to minors or to any person that does not wish to view adult-oriented, sexually explicit, BDSM-themed materials. You agree and affirm that the products you access, view, purchase or download are for use and viewing in the privacy of your own home and will not be used for public display or be made available for public display.
C – CUSTODIAN OF RECORDS (this website means Northernspanking.com)
All models, actors, actresses and other persons that appear in any visual depiction of actual sexually explicit conduct appearing or otherwise contained in this website were over the age of eighteen years at the time of the creation of such depictions. Some visual depictions displayed on this website are exempt from the provision of 18 U.S.C. Section 2257 and 28 C.F.R. 75 because said visual depictions do not consist of depictions of conduct as specifically listed in 18 U.S.C. Section 2257 (2) (A) through (D), but are merely depictions of non-sexually explicit nudity, or are depictions of simulated sexual conduct, or are otherwise exempt because the visual depictions were created prior to July 3, 1995.
With respect to all visual depictions displayed on this website, whether of actual sexually explicit conduct, simulated sexual conduct or otherwise, all persons in said visual depictions were at least eighteen years of age when said visual depictions were created.
The original records required pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 2257 and 28 C.F.R. 75 for materials contained in this website are kept by the appropriate Custodian of Records as listed below and are available for inspection during normal business hours:
Kitchen Sink Productions
Suite 9703
Los Angeles
CA 91609
The Custodian of Records my be contacted electronically at: contact@kitchensinkspanking.com
Normal Business Hours: Monday - Friday, 10am to 4pm PST (excluding national holidays)
D – TRADEMARKS
Northernspanking.com is a service mark and trademark of Kitchen Sink Productions and may be used publicly only with express written permission. Other trademarks and service marks featured on Northernspanking.com are displayed pursuant to licenses obtained from the owners and/or holders of those trademarks and service marks, and may not be used publicly without the express written consent of the owners and/or holders of such trademarks and service marks.
E – COPYRIGHTS
Except for electronic messages, all text, images, graphics, logos, illustrations, icons, data, scripts, programs, software, music, sound, videos and other materials that are shown on Northernspanking.com, delivered to you or otherwise made available through the services offered by Kitchen Sink Productions via its principal website Northernspanking.com are copyrighted by Kitchen Sink Productions and/or the respective intellectual property owner. You agree not to duplicate, upload, distribute, reproduce, modify, display, post, transmit, sell or otherwise exploit or share the materials, videos, and other intellectual property from Northernspanking.com or third party providers. All content is copyrighted and protected under US and international copyright law. Kitchen Sink Productions does not grant any express or implied right to you under any of its trademarks, service marks, copyrights or other proprietary information.
F – LIMITED LICENCE AND ACCEPTABLE USE
You are granted a single copy license to view and to download the content and otherwise use the services offered by Kitchen Sink Productions via its principal website Northernspanking.com in the privacy of your own home only, and for personal, non-commercial use only. Commercial use of Northernspanking.com, or any material located thereon, is strictly prohibited. In addition, users may not: (i) modify any of the materials found in any area of Northernspanking.com; (ii) use any of the materials found in any area of Northernspanking.com for any public display, performance, sale or rental; (iii) remove, modify or alter any copyright or other proprietary notice, or trademarks from any of the materials found in any area of Northernspanking.com; or (iv) otherwise transfer any material located in any area Northernspanking.com to any other person or entity including posting to newsgroups, public forums or social media, with the exception of single unmodified images or single, unmodified promotional films (trailers). Kitchen Sink Productions reserves the right to limit the amount of materials downloaded from Northernspanking.com. The use of download managers to download more than 1 (one) zip file at a time is strictly prohibited and may result in the closure of your account. This limited license terminates if you breach any of these Terms, in which case you will be obligated to immediately destroy any information or materials you have downloaded, printed or otherwise copied from Northernspanking.com. Kitchen Sink Productions reserves all other rights coincident or related to Northernspanking.com
G – DISCLAIMER
You agree to indemnify Kitchen Sink Productions and all third parties that are linked to Kitchen Sink Productions and its services offered via its principal website Northernspanking.com, and all subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, partners, and employees from any claims or demands made by any third party due to or arising from your use of its services, purchase of materials from Northernspanking.com or any third parties linked from Northernspanking.com, or use of any materials purchased or downloaded from Northernspanking.com or third parties linked from Northernspanking.com.
Your use of Kitchen Sink Production's services, offered via its principal website Northernspanking.com is at your own risk. All services offered via Northernspanking.com and all websites linked from it are provided "AS IS" and on an "AS AVAILABLE" basis. The content and materials are provided "AS IS" and no warranties are made of any kind. Kitchen Sink Productions disclaims all warranties, express or implied, of any kind, including any implied warranty of merchantability, fitness for any purpose, or non-infringement. Kitchen Sink Productions makes no representations, guarantees or warranties as to the quality, accuracy, suitability, truth or completeness of any portion of its principal website Northernspanking.com or any materials or information made available through it. Any references to any real person, living or dead, are purely coincidental. Kitchen Sink Productions and its suppliers are not liable for the accuracy or completeness of any of the materials available through its services offered via its principal website Northernspanking.com.
Kitchen Sink Productions makes no guarantee that the services will operate in any certain way or on any particular platform, software, browser, or hardware. Kitchen Sink Productions makes no guarantee that the materials are acceptable or legally viewable in any jurisdiction or that the materials will meet your expectations or satisfaction. Any use of Kitchen Sink Production's services offered via our principal website Northernspanking.com is at your own risk and you are solely responsible for any damage to your computer hardware or software or loss of data that occurs during your use of the website regardless of fault, including damage or loss due to viruses, Trojans, spyware or other malware.
To the extent allowable, Kitchen Sink Productions is not liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, punitive, exemplary or consequential damages that may occur from your use of Kitchen Sink Production's services as offered via its principal website Northernspanking.com, nor any purchase, use or viewing of the materials available on Northernspanking.com, including but not limited to loss of use, loss of profits, revenue, data, or any other loss you may incur however caused and regardless of fault.
You are solely responsible for adequate protection and backup of your hardware, software, data, and equipment used to view Northernspanking.com or access Kitchen Sink Production's services.
You agree to hold Kitchen Sink Productions, its suppliers, third party affiliates, officers, partners, and employees harmless from any claims based on use of its principal website Northernspanking.com or materials obtained through Kitchen Sink Productions services whether in contract, tort, negligence, or otherwise to the extent permitted by law.
These Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and Kitchen Sink Productions and govern your use of its services offered via its principal website Northernspanking.com, superseding any prior agreements, written, oral, or otherwise, including, but not limited to, prior terms of use. You may also be subject to additional terms as these Terms are updated and you are subject to the terms of third party websites that you may navigate to from Northernspanking.com. You may not assign or transfer your user name, password, rights, or login information to any other party.
Any breach of these Terms could result in harm to properties for which monetary damages would be an inadequate remedy, and therefore, in addition to the remedies otherwise available, including monetary damages, Kitchen Sink Productions will be entitled to equitable relief, including but not limited to injunction, costs, and attorney's fees associated with Kitchen Sink Productions enforcing its rights against you. You agree to subject yourself to the personal jurisdiction, laws and courts of the City of Los Angeles in the State of California, in the event of a suspected breach of these Terms.
You agree to abide by all laws, including international import and export laws and to refrain from using Kitchen Sink Production's services or purchasing products that may be in violation of any laws.
The failure of Kitchen Sink Productions to enforce any of these Terms does not constitute a waiver thereof. If any of these Terms is held to be unenforceable or invalid, you agree that the remaining Terms continue to be binding and enforceable.
Kitchen Sink Productions, in its sole discretion, may terminate your use of and access to its services at any time and for any reason, or no reason if it believes you have violated any of these Terms of Use. Any termination may occur without notice to you and Kitchen Sink Productions may immediately deactivate or delete your account. Kitchen Sink Productions will not be liable to you or any third party for any reason upon termination of your account.
You agree that these Terms may be modified or amended at any time and in any manner, and that you accept the updated Terms at the time they are published on our principal website Northernspanking.com. Each time you use Kitchen Sink Production's services you agree to the Terms as published. You should periodically check for any modifications of these Terms by re-visiting this web page and using the "refresh" button on the user's browser. You should note the date of last revision to these Terms, which appears at the top of this page. If the "last modified" date remains unchanged after the user has clicked the "refresh" button on his/her browser, the user may presume that no changes have been made since the last reading of the Terms. A changed "last modified" date indicates that these Terms have been updated or edited, and the updated or edited version supersedes any prior versions immediately upon posting.
H – LINKS TO THIS SITE
You may establish a hypertext link to Northernspanking.com and/or distribute, modify or re-use the text or graphics of this site only after obtaining written permission from Kitchen Sink Productions allowing you to do so.
I – LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES
Northernspanking.com contains links to websites which are controlled by third parties. Those linked websites are not under the control of Kitchen Sink Productions and Kitchen Sink Productions is not responsible for the contents of any linked website or any link contained in a linked website. Kitchen Sink Productions is providing those links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Kitchen Sink Productions of any linked website.
J – JURISDICTION AND VENUE
Northernspanking.com is controlled and operated by Kitchen Sink Productions and its representatives from their offices in Los Angeles, CA. We make no representation that the materials available on this site are appropriate or available for use in other locations, and access to them from jurisdictions where their contents are illegal is prohibited. These provisions of this Terms of Use are to be governed and construed by California law. In the event of a dispute arising out of or relating to this Terms of Use, or your use of or access to the services offered by Kitchen Sink Productions, litigation must be brought in State or Federal court in the City of Los Angeles, CA.
K – PRIVACY POLICY
The nature of personal information collected and its use.
Kitchen Sink Productions uses the services of a professional external entity to process payment transactions to facilitate access to Northernspanking.com as a member and, thereby, to those services provided only for Members. The payment processor will collect the following information: Name, Address, Date of Birth, Email Address, Credit Card Number and Expiry Date. The information collected may vary if a payment method other than Credit Card is used. The payment processor uses this information solely for the completion of the financial transaction to provide the necessary User Name and Password for access to Northernspanking.com as a Member. Kitchen Sink Productions select our payment processor extremely carefully, being mindful of reputation, financial standing and data security. Kitchen Sink Productions cannot however be held accountable for errors, omissions or disclosures on their part and to this effect, it is strongly recommend that you review the terms and conditions of the payment processor before completing any financial transaction.
Data collected by the payment processor, with the exception of Credit Card Number and Expiry Date, is available to us via their systems. It is not however the policy of Kitchen Sink Productions to record this data on our own systems and the only use made of the data provided would be to contact a Member via Email should an issue arise with their access to Northernspanking.com or when there is a known or suspected breach of Terms of Use.
The payment processor's site is an external entity, and once personal information is transmitted to them, Kitchen Sink Productions is under no obligation to police their use of the information, and takes no steps to do so.
Email practice.
It is not the current practice of Kitchen Sink Spanking to circulate promotional email to Users of Northernspanking.com. Should this position change, it will be administered by an “opt-in” arrangement whereby Users will need to sign up to the process and provide an email address for the purpose. This, then, will be the only data held by Kitchen Sink Productions. Kitchen Sink Productions operates a strict “no spam” policy.
When Users send email enquiries to Kitchen Sink Productions, the return address is used to answer the enquiry we receive. Kitchen Sink Productions does not use the return email address for any other purpose, does not share the return email address with any third party and does not record or retain the return email address, or the email itself, in any maintained file of correspondence.
Other user-specific internet data and its uses.
Kitchen Sink Productions captures and retains an IP address and browser type information each time a User accesses any of the services provided on Northernspanking.com. This data is used for two purposes; primarily to analyse traffic patterns to, from and within Northernspanking.com with the aim of improving the services and the User experience. Kitchen sink Productions also use IP address data to identify Users in breach of the Terms of Use, particularly those engaged in bulk downloading, password trading, access sharing or file sharing (“piracy”).
“Cookies” and the use we make of them.
A "cookie" is a small data file that can be placed on your computer when you visit certain websites. Kitchen Sink Productions may use a cookie to save your settings and to provide customizable and personalized services to you as a User of Northernspanking.com. Kitchen Sink Productions make no other use of cookies. These cookies do not enable third parties to access any of your customer information. Advertisers and partners with links which may be accessed from Northernspanking.com may also use their own cookies. Kitchen Sink Productions does not control use of these cookies and expressly disclaim responsibility for information collected through them.
Legal Disclosures
Kitchen Sink Productions places the utmost importance on the privacy of the Users of its services and the security of Users personal information. As such, Kitchen Sink Productions does not share this information with third parties unless required to do so by law or in other exceptional circumstances where, in our sole discretion, we believe that it is reasonable to do so. Such circumstances may arise in the following ways:-
a) To satisfy laws, such as the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, regulations, or governmental or legal requests for such information;
b) To disclose information that is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be violating the Terms of Use;
c) In order to cooperate with law enforcement authorities, private-party litigants, and others seeking information about Users of the services offered by Kitchen Sink Productions to the extent required by applicable law. Examples of such cooperation include compliance with discovery requests, subpoenas, court orders, and writs.
Third party websites
Northernspanking.com may contain links to other websites. Kitchen Sink Productions are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other websites. Users are encouraged to be aware that when they leave Northernspanking.com to visit a third party website, they should read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information.
Data security
Kitchen Sink Productions has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the limited information about its Users held under its control. Kitchen Sink Productions makes every effort to ensure the integrity and security of its network and systems, but cannot guarantee that its security measures will prevent third-party "hackers" from illegally obtaining this information. Kitchen Sink Productions takes all reasonable measures to prevent such breaches of security, but given the resourcefulness of cyber-criminals it is unable to guarantee that its security is un-breachable. You assume the risk of such breaches to the extent that they occur despite Kitchen Sink Productions reasonable security measures.
L – CHILDREN AND YOUNG PERSONS PROTECTION POLICY
The services offered by Kitchen Sink Productions via its principal website Northernspanking.com are designed for adults and not for use by anyone under the age of 18. In light of that fact, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 is not applicable to this site.
Kitchen Sink Productions offers no services designed for younger users and makes every effort to ensure that its principal website Northernspanking.com contains adequate warnings to make the nature of the content thereon obvious and to warn Users under the age of 18 that they are not welcome to view or to otherwise use the services offered.
It is our belief that proper parental supervision is the only appropriate method of controlling the use of the Internet by children and young people. Nevertheless, Kitchen Sink Productions will take any steps reasonably possible to discourage those under the age of 18 from using its services or viewing the content on its principal website Northernspanking.com.
There exist multiple online resources that offer filtering of websites and online content not deemed suitable for children or young people. Many of these resources are free, simple to set up and use. Kitchen Sink Productions commits itself to ensuring all services offered via its principal website Northernspanking.com are constructed, coded, designed and written in such a way as to ensure that even basic content filtering software will, if set up and used correctly, successfully block access to such services and content. Kitchen Sink Productions is not liable for the consequences of failure of such software or to properly set up and use such software.
M – REFUND POLICY
Kitchen Sink Productions will provide refunds on an individual basis where Users are unable to access the services offered on its principal website Northernspanking.com due to failure of the service offered. Where the service offered is properly functioning and the inability to access the service lies with the User, the User's computer equipment or the Users Internet Service Provider, Kitchen Sink Productions is under no obligation to provide a refund but may do so at its own discretion. In no circumstances will Kitchen Sink Productions provide a refund to a User who has breached, or is suspected to have breached the Terms of Use.
N – NOTICES
Notices by Kitchen Sink Productions to Users of its services shall be given by means of electronic messages or by a general posting on its principal website Northernspanking.com . Notices by Users to Kitchen Sink Productions shall be given by electronic messages.
All questions arising from the Terms of Use should be directed via email to:-
contact@kitchensinkspanking.com
Members Login
Become a member »
© Northern Spanking
Login
Customs
Links
Webmasters
Model for us
Terms
USC 2257
Support
Join
© Northern Spanking
Built by Kinky Sites