http://www.hermaphrodite.com/policies.html
I
Internet Company, N.A.
Back
Privacy
Records
Copyrights
•
Terms and Conditions
This Website contains explicit sexual material which may be offensive to some
viewers. You are under legal obligation to leave this site now if you are under 18 (21 in some areas). Enter this website
only if you accept each and every provision of the following agreement:
1- I am at least 18 (21 in some areas)
years of age.
2- The sexually explicit material I am buying and/or
viewing is for my sole and personal use only and I will not allow any
person under 18 (21 in some areas) years old to view any adult content
from this website. I will not allow any person who is under the jurisdiction
of any municipality, city, state, country, or other governmental entity
where viewing adult content is prohibited by law, to view any adult content
on or from this website.
3- I do not find sexually explicit material to be obscene
or offensive in any way. I am entering this website because it has adult
content. As an adult I have the right to choose what I see and read, and
I am choosing to enter this adult website to view adult content.
4- I desire and choose to receive the sexually explicit
material contained in this web site with my full consent. Further, I am
not visiting this website from the jurisdiction of any municipality, city,
state, country, or other governmental entity where viewing adult content
is prohibited by law. I also understand the standards and laws of the
community from where I am visiting this adult website, and I have made
every reasonable effort to determine whether viewing adult content is
legal.
5- The viewing, reading, or downloading of any/all materials,
images, and/or clips on this web site DO NOT violate the laws or standards
of my community. I further certify that I am wholly liable for any false
disclosures and solely responsible for any legal ramifications that may
arise from viewing, reading, or downloading material, images, and clips
contained within this web site. Furthermore, This site and/or its owners
cannot or will not be held responsible for any legal ramifications that
may arise as a result of fraudulent entry into or use of this web site
and/or material contained in it. In addition, by entering this website,
I agree to release, discharge, and hold harmless the providers, owners
and creators of this website from any and all liability which might arise
from viewing or reading the adult content on this website.
6- I agree that by entering the restricted
Members Section, I am subjecting myself to the jurisdiction of the Country
of the USA should any dispute arise at any time between this site and
myself.
7- These terms and conditions shall be governed and construed
in accordance with the laws of the USA. I agree that any and
all proceedings relating to this site shall be maintained in the courts
of the USA, which courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction for such purpose.
8- I understand that by entering this site, I have entered
into a legal agreement with This site. If any portion of this agreement
is deemed unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, it shall
not affect the enforceability of the other portions of this Agreement.
9- I understand that this site collects statistics
on source IP addresses, and that if I share my unique Login name and Password
my membership will be terminated without reimbursement.
Important Notice: Internet Company, this site,
its owners and creators are very sensitive towards minors and
ren
abuse issues such as
pornography and minors exposure to adult
material
of any kind and all sort. Therefore, we are forewarning the users and
viewers of our web site pages that we will take upon ourselves the duty
of pursuing any person or entity that exposes minors to adult material,
or communicate with/to us any material, verbal or pictorial, containing
or relating or implying any
pornographic substance.
!
Privacy
Your privacy is important to us.
To better protect your privacy
we provide this notice explaining our online information practices
and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected
and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available from
our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information
may be requested.
Therefore, in our commitment to Privacy,
we do not collect any customer information other than email addresses. Please see
more about our privacy policy. Please also see our
payment processor's Privacy Policy concerning collected information
More>>
© Internet Company, N.A. All rights reserved.
Back •
Privacy •
Copyrights • Records