http://www.druberrymoreprivatesessions.com/privacy.html
Privacy
Statement: DruBerrymore.net
recognizes and respects your privacy! This privacy statement was
created in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy.
We value you as a customer and take every precaution to protect your
information. We have implemented advanced security strategies. All
transmitted data is secure and won't be used for fraudulent or delinquent
purposes. Information such as billing address is used only to verify
credit card accuracy and to prevent fraud. Nothing will be mailed
to your home or office.
Transactions: All
DruBerrymore.net membership transactions are processed over a secure
server using iBill as our authorized merchant. All DruBerrymore.net
video/DVD sales transactions are processed over a secure server using CCBill. We
utilize state of the art technology and encryption methods. Transactions
are processed via SSL (Secure Socket Layer). SSL is a method that encrypts
communication link between your browser and server. In other words,
your credit card number, billing address and/or e-mail is encrypted
BEFORE it is transmitted to the sever for processing. Thus eliminating
the ability for a third party to directly read any transmitted information.
Linked
Websites: DruBerrymore.net contains links to other websites.
DruBerrymore.net cannot be responsible for privacy practices and/or
content of other visited websites. When visiting a new website,
we strongly recommend that you always review privacy policies for
your approval.
E-mail
Address: E-mail address may be used to notify you of
all pertinent changes regarding your membership, billing and/or
special offers.
IP
Address: IP address are used to gather broad demographic
information automatically from log files. Log files are used to
track and monitor traffic patterns for navigational and maintenance
purposes. This information does not identify you personally.These
logs do not track or monitor personal identifiable information.
Cookies: DruBerrymore.net
in common with many website operators, may use standard technology
called "cookies" on this Site. Cookies are small
data files that store information onto your computer (such
as your username for website). Select information need not
be submitted each time you return to DruBerrymore.net.
In addition, It will also allow us to credit affiliate websites and sponsors
for their support. Cookies can be disabled by turning them off in your browser,
however, some areas of DruBerrymore.net may not function properly if done. We
assume no responsibility for any setting modifications you make and any result
of such action.
Changes
and Modifications: DruBerrymore.net is under no obligation
to notify members on an individual basis of any policy change or
modification. Policy changes will be posted to the website and
may not be E-mailed. It is your responsibility to check back periodically
for any pertinent policy changes and/or modifications.
Reserved Rights: DruBerrymore.net
reserves the right to release current or past personal information
in the event that DruBerrymore.net believes that consumer/surfer
has violated of the Terms and Conditions of website or has
conducted and/or conspired to commit unlawful acts, if the
information is subpoenaed by any Law enforcement agency or
judicial court and for any sale or acquisition of DruBerrymore.net.
Questions: If you
have any questions regarding this privacy statement,
the practices of this site, or any questions dealing
with this Web site, you can contact: inquiry@DruBerrymore.net