https://www.seka.com/privacy-policy/
Bio
Filmography
Links
0 Items
Privacy Policy
Seka.com is committed to protecting your privacy. This privacy statement explains data collection and use practices of the Seka.com.com site (the “Site”). By accessing the Site, you are consenting to the information collection and use practices described in this privacy statement.
Information Collection and Use
Orders If you purchase a product or service from us, we request certain personally identifiable information from you on our order form. You must provide contact information (such as name, email, and shipping address) and financial information (such as credit card number, expiration date). We use this information for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we will use this information to contact you. Additionally, we use Google AdWords’ free conversion tracking application to record data related to transactions for analysis purposes only.
Communications from the Site
Customer Service We will communicate with you in response to your inquiries, to provide the products you request, and to manage your account. We will communicate with you by email or telephone, in accordance with your wishes.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
Aggregate Information (non-personally identifiable) We DO NOT share aggregated demographic information about our user base with any third parties. Aggregate Information (personally identifiable) We DO NOT Share Personally Identifiable Information with Third Parties with the exception of the Agents listed below. Agents We use outside shipping companies to fulfill orders, and a credit card processing company to bill you for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any other purposes. Legal Disclaimer We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Web site. Log Files As is true of most Web sites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track user’s movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We DO NOT link this automatically-collected data to personally identifiable information. Cookies A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s computer for record-keeping purposes. We use cookies on this site. We do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a Web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. We use session ID cookies and persistent cookies. We use session cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site. A session ID cookie expires when you close you browser. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. You can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browser’s file. If you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but your ability to use some areas of our site, may be limited. Clear Gifs (Web Beacons/Web Bugs) We employ a software technology called clear gifs (a.k.a. Web Beacons/Web Bugs), that help us better manage content on our site by informing us what content is effective. Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of Web users. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user’s computer hard drive, clear gifs are embedded invisibly on Web pages and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence. We do not tie the information gathered by clear gifs to our customers’s personally identifiable information. Links to Other Sites This Web site contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by Seka.com. Please be aware that we, Seka.com, are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies only to information collected by this Web site.
Security
The security of your personal information is important to us. When you enter sensitive information (such as credit card number and/or social security number) on our registration or order forms, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our Web site, you can send email us at officialseka@msn.com
Business Transitions
In the event Seka.com goes through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, your personally identifiable information will likely be among the assets transferred. You will be notified via email of any such change in ownership or control of your personal information.
Changes in this Privacy Statement
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, it is disclosed. We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page. Contact Us If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us.