http://www.mplstudios.com/terms.htm
MPL Studios
UPDATES
MODELS
HD VIDEO
K-D
MEMBERS
JOIN
Terms of Use
By visiting or purchasing a subscription to mplstudios.com or
sweet-lilya.com, you are agreeing to all provisions stated in the
Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy of these respective web sites.
Site owner reserves the right to change, modify, or revise the Terms
of Use at any time. You agree to be bound after such modifications are
made. If you do not agree with the Terms of Use or Privacy Policy, you
should not subscribe to or use this site.
1) Age and Legal Access
By subscribing to and entering mplstudios.com and/or sweet-lilya.com,
you certify the following information and understand that we are
relying on such certification and agreement to these terms of service
for allowing entry into this site. You hereby certify the following:
That you are 18 years of age or older;
That you are familiar with all local laws in your area affecting
your legal right to access erotica or adult-oriented materials;
That you have the legal right to access adult-oriented materials
and mplstudios.com has the legal right to transmit them to you;
That you are requesting adult-oriented materials for your own
private enjoyment and that you will never share these materials with
a minor or in ANY WAY make these materials available to a minor.
That the user account information provided at sign up is accurate,
complete, and true to the best of your knowledge.
2) Limited License
mplstudios.com provides the materials on this site for the personal,
non-commercial use by viewers, fans, visitors, subscribers and/or
potential subscribers of said site. Users of this site are granted a
single copy license to view and privately download photos and videos
from the site. That the viewing of said information does not
constitute the right to print, copy, hotlink, or share any of the
information, graphics, images, image sets, or videos made available
for viewing on this site. The viewing of information and digital media
on this site is for private, personal, noncommercial use only.
Commercial use of any material located on this site is strictly
prohibited and violates the Terms of this agreement. Site owner
reserves the right to change or remove content from time-to-time Site
owner also reserves the right to refuse services to any customer, for
any reason.
In addition, users of this site may not: (i) modify any of the
materials found in any area of this site, download or copy any
material from this site, unless downloads are provided by
mplstudios.com; (ii) use any of the materials found in any area of
this site for any public display, performance, sale or rental; (iii)
remove, modify, or alter any copyright, watermark, or trademarks from
any of the materials found in any area of the site; (iv) transfer any
material located in any area of this site to any other person or
entity (v) trade, share, or publish usernames and / or passwords to
this site (vi) or upload any such materials from this site to any
other website or networked computer environment.
3) Access and Security
Fraud, password protection, and network security require a high level
of vigilance. Operation of this website may be interfered with by
numerous factors outside of our control. We do not guarantee
continuous, uninterrupted or secure access to our website or its
contents. You are entirely responsible for the security and
confidentiality of your login and account. You will not use any robot,
spider, scraper to leach the entire site. If you attempt to access
this website excessively with multiple login credentials, we may flag
your use as a security risk and suspend access to this website.
Additionally, you agree that you will not: (i) take any action that
imposes, or may impose in our sole discretion an unreasonable or
disproportionately large load on our infrastructure; (ii) interfere or
attempt to interfere with the proper working of this website; (iii)
bypass any measures we may use to prevent or restrict access to this
website; or (iv) disrupt or attempt to disrupt the interaction of
other users of this website.
There are four downloading violations that can interrupt service or,
if repeatedly ignored, have it suspended for Terms of Use violations:
1) Repeatedly attempting to download more than 4 zips at the same time
2) Multi-threading downloads (making multiple requests for the same
file)
3) Attempting to leach the entire site’s archive.
4) Downloading content from mplstudios.com to a third party web site.
4) Third Party Links
This site may contain links to sites, which are controlled by third
parties. Those linked sites are not under the control of site owner
and site owner is not responsible for the contents of any linked site
or any link contained in a link site. Site owner is providing those
links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does
not imply endorsement by site owner of any linked site. Pursuant to
the Terms of Use, licensee understands that the act of clicking on a
third party link is the act of leaving this site.
5) Termination
You or the site owner may suspend or terminate your account or your
use of this website at any time, for any reason. You are personally
liable for any charges incurred through your account prior to
termination. We may also block your access to this website in the
event that (i) you breach the Terms of Use; (ii) we are unable to
verify or authenticate information you provide to us; or (iii) we
believe that your actions may cause financial loss or legal liability
for you, our users, or the site owner.
6) Force Majeure
Neither site owner nor you shall be responsible for damages or for
delays or failures in performance resulting from acts or occurrences
caused by a Force Majeure. For purposes of this Agreement, Force
Majeure shall mean a cause or event that is not reasonably foreseeable
or otherwise caused by or under the control of the Party claiming
Force Majeure, including, but not limited to, acts of God, fires,
floods, explosions, riots, wars, hurricane, sabotage, terrorism,
vandalism. accident, restraint of government, governmental acts,
injunctions, labor strikes, other than those of the site owner, that
prevent the site owner from furnishing the materials or services, and
other like events that are beyond the reasonable anticipation and
control of the site owner affected thereby, despite site owner’s
reasonable efforts to prevent, avoid, delay, or mitigate the effect of
such acts, and which events or the effects thereof are not
attributable to the site owner's failure to perform its obligations
under this Agreement
7) Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold our officers, owners, members,
subsidiaries, joint ventures, employees, and other related entities
harmless from any and all liabilities, costs, and expenses, including
reasonable attorney's fees, related to or in connection with (i) the
use of this website or the Internet or your placement or transmission
of any message or information on this website by you or your
authorized users; (ii) your violation of any term of this Agreement,
including without limitation, your breach of any of the
representations and warranties above; (iii) your violation of any
third party right, including without limitation any right of privacy,
publicity rights or intellectual property rights; (iv) your violation
of any law, rule or regulation of the United States or any other
country; (v) or any other party's access and use of this website with
your unique username, password or other appropriate security code.
8) Jurisdiction and Venue
Any claim relating to, and the use of, this website and the materials
contained herein is governed by the laws of the State of Colorado,
United States of America. Site owner makes no representation that the
materials available on this site are appropriate or available for use
in other locations or other countries, and access to them from
jurisdictions where their contents are illegal is prohibited. The
provisions of this Terms of Use are to be governed and construed by
the State of Colorado. You consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of
the state and federal courts located in Colorado.
9) Disclaimer
THE MATERIALS ON THIS SITE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTY OF ANY KIND INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
NONINFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE. SITE OWNER OFFERS NO ASSURANCE OF UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE
SERVICE. SITE OWNER DOES NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF
THE INFORMATION, TEXT, GRAPHICS, LINKS OR OTHER ITEMS CONTAINED ON
THIS WEB SITE. SITE OWNER MAY CHANGE ANY OF THE INFORMATION FOUND AT
THIS SITE AT ANY TIME WITHOUT NOTICE INCLUDING THE TERMS OF SERVICE
WITHOUT NOTICE. SITE OWNER MAKES NO COMMITMENT TO UPDATE THE
INFORMATION FOUND AT THIS SITE. IN NO EVENT SITE OWNER BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR
LOSS OF PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF INFORMATION) ARISING
OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE MATERIAL OR INFORMATION
AVAILABLE ON THIS SITE, EVEN IF SITE OWNER HAS BEEN ADVISED OF SUCH
DAMAGES. (BECAUSE SOME JURISDICTIONS PROHIBIT THE EXCLUSION OR
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, THE
ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.)
10) Custodian of Records
The actors, models, actresses and other persons that appear in any
visual depiction of actual sexually explicit conduct appearing or
otherwise contained in this website were over the age of eighteen
years at the time of the creation of such.
All other pictures, graphics, videos or other visual media displayed
on this website are exempt from the provision of 18 U.S.C. section
2257 and 28 C.F.R. 75 because said visual media do not consist of
depictions of conduct as specifically listed in 18 U.S.C section 2256
(2) (A) through (D), but are merely depictions of non-sexually
explicit nudity, or are depictions of simulated sexual conduct, or are
otherwise exempt because the visual depictions were created prior to
July 3, 1995.
With respect to all visual media as defined above displayed on this
website, whether of actual sexually explicit conduct, simulated sexual
content or otherwise, all persons in said visual depictions were at
least 18 years of age when said visual media, as defined above, were
created. The owners and operators of this website are not the primary
producer (as that term is defined in 18 USC section 2257 or subsequent
case law defining such) of any of the visual content contained in the
website.
The original records required from the primary producer of said video
and visual media and pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 2257 and 28 C.F.R.
75 for all materials contained in the website are kept by the
following Custodian of Records:
18 U.S.C. 2257 Record-Keeping
Requirements Compliance Statement
Last Updated: June 3rd, 2016
HOME
UPDATES
MODELS
HD VIDEO
MOBILE
WEBMASTERS
CONTACT
RULES & TIPS
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY
18 U.S.C. 2257 Record-Keeping Requirements Compliance Statement© copyright MPLStudios.com 2003 - 2020