http://www.somethingsexyplanet.com/pages/terms-of-service
Terms Of Service
The terms and conditions (“Terms and Conditions”) govern the use of the SomethingSexyPlanet web site. By accessing, viewing or ordering from the SomethingSexyPlanet web site ( www.somethingsexyplanet.com), owned and operated by Rock Solid Prod. Inc., you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agree to all of the provisions contained or referred to in these Terms and Conditions. These terms can be modified by Rock Solid Prod. Inc. at any time without notice. Please review these terms and conditions regularly. Electronic Communications When you visit the Site, you are communicating with us electronically. You consent to receive communications from us electronically. We will communicate with you by e–mail or by posting notices on the Site. You agree that to the maximum extent permitted by law, all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that the site provides to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
Age and Consent
By accessing, viewing or ordering from www.somethingsexyplanet.com, you acknowledge the following:
That you are 18 years of age or older. That the services you access, the information you view, and the products you order are not in any way unlawful in your state, province, country, municipality, or other jurisdiction. That you consent to view sexually explicit material. That, by consenting to view sexually explicit material, you waive any future right to take legal action against Rock Solid Prod., Inc. or its affiliates based on your accessing this material. That you agree not to distribute information you receive from the www.somethingsexyplanet.com web site to those under the age of 18 or those who would be violating the law by accessing such material in their jurisdiction.
You concur and agree that You the user are at least 18 years of age, or the legal age as determined by your local jurisdiction, and have the legal right to possess adult oriented materials. You understand that you may come in contact will explicit visual images, audio sounds of a mature nature, nudity of a sexual orientation, and sexually descriptive terms, phrases, writings, and text. You affirm that you are at least 18 years of age, or the legal age as determined by your local jurisdiction and are not offended by explicit mature adult material.
Information on the Website
Every effort is made to update and maintain accurate information contained on this website.  Neither Rock Solid Prod. Inc. nor any third party or data or content provider make any representations or warranties, whether express, implied in law or residual, as to the sequence, accuracy, completeness or reliability of information, opinions, research information, data and/or content contained on the website (including but not limited to any information which may be provided by any third party or data or content providers) ("information") and shall not be bound in any manner by any information contained on the website. Rock Solid Prod. Inc reserves the right at any time to change or discontinue without notice, any aspect or feature of this website. No information shall be construed as advice and information is offered for information purposes only. You rely on the information contained on this website at your own risk. If you find an error or omission at this site, please notify us.
Acceptance of Laws: City/County/State
You acknowledge and agree that your local government, which includes but is not limited to, city, county, and state allows You the user to review, observe, possess, order, and or purchase materials of an explicit sexual nature. You further acknowledge and testify that products and services received by you from the SomethingSexyPlanet website have been ordered by you the user on your own free will, and in no way have you been forced to order or observe such material.
Furthermore, You understand and agree that Rock Solid Prod. Inc will in no way be responsible for services or products received by you in the case such services and products are illegal for you to possess or obtain in your local community. You except full responsibility in assuring no laws within your community, legal jurisdiction, and state prevent the possession, shipment, or purchase of products from the SomethingSexyPlanet website or any of its suppliers.
Disclaimer of Liability
SomethingSexyPlanet.com ( www.somethingsexyplanet.com) and its content are delivered on an "as-is" and "as-available" basis and should not be relied upon for validity or accuracy. No statements or representations contained herein should be considered a form of advice or professional opinion.  It should NOT be relied upon for personal, medical, legal or financial decisions. If expert assistance or counseling is needed, you should consult an appropriate professional for specific advice tailored to your situation. Rock Solid Prod. Inc. assumes no responsibility for injury as a result of a product purchase or from action taken as a result of information posted on the www.somethingsexyplanet.com website.
Rock Solid Prod. Inc shall not be responsible for and disclaims all liability for any loss, liability, damage (whether direct, indirect or consequential), personal injury or expense of any nature whatsoever which may be suffered by you or any third party (including your company), as a result of or which may be attributable, directly or indirectly, to your access and use of the website, any information contained on the website, your or your company's personal information or material and information transmitted over our system. In particular, neither Rock Solid Prod. Inc nor any third party or data or content provider shall be liable in any way to you or to any other person, firm or corporation whatsoever for any loss, liability, damage (whether direct or consequential), personal injury or expense of any nature whatsoever arising from any delays, inaccuracies, errors in, or omission of any information or the transmission thereof, or for any actions taken in reliance or occasioned thereby or by reason of non-performance or interruption, or termination.
Warranties
Rock Solid Prod Inc. makes no warranties, representations, statements or guarantees (whether express, implied in law or residual) regarding the website, the information contained on the website, your or your company's personal information or material and information transmitted over our system.
Trade Marks
The trade marks, names, logos and service marks (collectively "trade marks") displayed on this website are registered and unregistered trade marks of Rock Solid Prod, Inc. and the www.somethingsexyplanet.com website.  Nothing contained on this website should be construed as granting any license or right to use any trade mark without the prior written permission of Rock Solid Prod. Inc.
Copyright
All materials on the www.somethingsexyplanet.com  website including all text, all logos and all pictures are copyright and must not be copied, modified, transmitted, republished, displayed, reproduced or distributed in any manner for commercial purposes. You may access content on the www.somethingsexyplanet.com  website for personal use only. You may not distribute, modify, post or use the content of the www.somethingsexyplanet.com website for public or commercial purposes, including the text, images, icons, descriptions without prior express written permission from us.
Specific Use
As a user of ths website, you agree not to use the website to send or post any message or material that is unlawful, harassing, defamatory, abusive, indecent, threatening, harmful, vulgar, obscene, sexually orientated, racially offensive, profane, and pornographic or violates any applicable law and you hereby indemnify Rock Solid Prod. Inc. against any loss, liability, damage or expense of whatever nature which Rock Solid Prod. Inc. or any third party may suffer which is caused by or attributable to, whether directly or indirectly, your use of the website to send or post any such message or material.
Sales Tax
SomethingSexyPlanet is required by law to collect all applicable sales taxes for the state, counties and cities of Florida and California.
Applicable Law
By visiting SomethingSexyPlanet, you agree that that the laws of the state of Florida, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern the Terms and Conditions of Use and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and SomethingSexyPlanet.com or its affiliates.
Entire Agreement
These website terms and conditions constitute the sole record of the agreement between you and Rock Solid Prod. Inc. in relation to your use of the website. Neither you nor Rock Solid Prod. Inc. shall be bound by any express tacit nor implied representation, warranty, promise or the like not recorded herein. Unless otherwise specifically stated these website terms and conditions supersede and replace all prior commitments, undertakings or representations, whether written or oral, between you and Rock Solid Prod. Inc. in respect of your use of the www.somethingsexyplanet.com website. Rock Solid Prod. Inc. may at any time modify any relevant terms and conditions, policies or notices
Comments or Questions
If you have any questions, comments or concerns arising from the website, the privacy policy or any other relevant terms and conditions, policies and notices or the way in which we are handling your personal information please contact us.
enjoy
exclusive deals?
Sign up for private sale invites, new releases & more ..