http://www.nextdooramateur.com/terms.htm
Terms and
Conditions
All Pacific
Century Int  affiliated sites are designed exclusively for mature adults, and are
manufactured in conformity with recognized international laws as at the date of
their publication. Our sites and any link(s) from the sites are NOT intended to
be viewed by minors (as defined by local jurisdiction - see below). Our sites
may contain Visual Images, Audio Sounds and Verbal Descriptions plus Links to
other sites of a sexually orientated and frank erotic nature, sometimes
described as "hardcore" - displayed for Adult Consumption and Entertainment
Purposes ONLY. Such imagery may be found offensive to those not of a legally
defined mature age or of a sexually orientated disposition.
By entering
and/or joining any Pacific Century Int  affiliated website you expressly agree that
you have read, understand, and agree to the statements listed below.
1.
I am an adult over the age of 18 years, or 21 years or any other age considered
legally "mature" as defined by my local geographical jurisdiction to view the
sexually graphical content (described above) that can be found on Pacific
Century Int
affiliated websites.
2.
I am allowed access to the Pacific Century Int  affiliated site I am
surfing following the laws in my Country and/or State and Pacific Century Int . is legally
authorized to offer this type of content in my Country and/or State.
3.
I am aware of the adult related nature of the content on this US and EU based servers
that I am about to access and I affirm that I am NOT OFFENDED by such graphical
depictions of sexuality and will not take any legal action against the company
producing or publishing this material.
4.
I am accessing this server for personal reasons and not implicating any public
or private organization. I respect the intellectual copyright of the operator
and owners of the material displayed and I will not steal or mis-use any
material / technology displayed or available on any Pacific Century Int
operated site. I acknowledge that I can copy and download material but only that
which is expressly agreed that I can and that has been allowed and fully
clarified under the section 9 of the Pacific Century Int  Billing Policy.
5.
I bear the responsibility if a minor accesses the server due to my negligence;
lack of protection on my personal computer; lack of censoring software, or my
password being lost or shared. I exonerate Pacific Century Int  in all such
circumstances.
6.
I also bear the responsibility of one or several of my present declarations not
being true. To protect Minors, Pacific Century Int  and its partnership sites have
been registered as having "adult" nature content with all leading filtering
tools and organizations to prevent minors from accessing such adult Internet
sites.
7.
I have read and agree to be expressly bound by the Terms and Conditions of
membership / subscription as well as to the billing policies and any other terms
of membership, subscription or entry to any Pacific Century Int  operated website.
Please also view separately our billing and privacy policies.
Certain Terms
and Conditions, Privacy Policies and Billing Policies of Ibill and/or CCBill
and/or Paycom may also bind you should you have utilised payment options that
these companies have re-sold on behalf of Pacific Century Int . You can view all their
company statements by visiting:
PCIBilling.net -
http://www.pcibilling.net
Paycom -
http://www.paycom.net
CCBill -
https://www.ccbill.com/system/websignN.htm (Billing)
CCBill -
https://www.ccbill.com/system/privacy.htm (Privacy)
Statement concerning Child Protection
The owners of
Pacific Century Int  are committed to the fight against pedophilia on the net and any
other sexual exploitation of children on the Internet.
Should you know of a site that is acting illegally,
please
report here. Please see separate section
entitled “Child Protection” for advice on blocking access to your PC by minors.
It is only by working together that we can make a difference
@Pacific Century Int * ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
*