https://www.sinclairinstitute.com/t-privacy.aspx
Skip to main content
Privacy & Security
Learn More About
Safeguarding Your Personal Privacy
Sinclair Institute Privacy Policy
Cookie Settings
California Consumer Privacy Act
Making Sure Your Order is Secure
Risk-free Shopping Guarantee
Copyright Infringement
UK Data Protection Act and EU General Data Protection Regulation
Safeguarding Your Personal Privacy
Sinclair Institute takes your personal privacy extremely seriously. Our company was founded to help protect your privacy, and we’ve gone to court on multiple occasions to defend that right.
We take extra care to safeguard your privacy from the second you land on our homepage to the moment your order arrives at your front door. Here’s just a few of our special measures:
Strong Computer Defenses
Sinclair Institute has comprehensive, companywide standards for maintaining the privacy and safety of your personal and billing information. While we can’t go into explicit details, our safeguards include multi-layered firewalls and virus scans, secured servers, mandatory password changes, and the very latest in computer encryption.
Anonymous Shipping
All of our products are shipped as anonymously as possible. Depending on your order, you might receive a plain brown box or a tan business envelope lined with bubble wrap. Because BetterSex is a very recognized name, we use an alias on the return address label to protect your privacy.
Discreet Billing
Our efforts to ensure your privacy even extends to your credit card statement. Our name will never appear in your billing statement. Instead, your order will be listed simply as Adam Mail.
Sinclair Institute Privacy Policy
Effective February 1, 2020
PHE, Inc. is the owner of Sinclair Institute and Townsend Enterprises. PHE, Inc. (referred to later as "PHE," "sinclairinstitute.com," "we," "us" or "our") fully understands the need to protect your personal information while online and has developed this policy to safeguard your data in accordance with relevant regulations and laws.
This Privacy Policy (referred to later as "Policy") describes how we gather and process your personal information throughout our website, located at www.sinclairinstitute.com (referred to later as the "Site"). It provides you with the necessary information regarding your rights and our obligations. It also explains how, why and when we process your personal data.
By using the Site or obtaining any product or service through this Site, you agree to the limited collection and use of information as outlined in this Policy. If you do not agree to this Policy, please do not use the Site.
Emails from sinclairinstitute.com or its business partners, and the Site itself, may contain links to other Internet websites, including sites that may or may not be owned or operated by sinclairinstitute.com or PHE. Unless otherwise explicitly stated, we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites, including their use of any information (such as IP number, browser type or operating system) collected when email recipients or Site visitors click through links to those sites. If you visit such websites, we encourage you to become familiar with the privacy practices of the sites to ensure a safe browsing experience.
We may from time to time update this Policy to reflect changing technology and other factors. We will notify you of changes to the Policy by posting the updated Policy on this page. We ask that you bookmark and periodically review this page to ensure that you remain familiar with the most current version of the Policy.
Information That We Collect
PHE, Inc. processes your personal information to meet our legal, statutory and contractual obligations and to provide you with our products and services. We will never collect any unnecessary personal data from you and do not process your information in any way other than as specified in this Policy.
sinclairinstitute.com collects two basic types of information during your visits to our Site.
First, we collect non-personally identifiable information. This is general information that cannot be traced to individuals and contains no personalized data, think of it as a simple census form. When visitors come to our Site, we collect and aggregate information indicating, among other things, which pages of the Site were visited, the order in which they were visited and which links on the site were clicked. Collecting such information involves logging the IP addresses, operating system and browser software used by each visitor to the Site. Although such information is not personally identifiable, it may be possible to determine from an IP address a visitor’s Internet Service Provider and the general geographic location of the visitor’s point of connectivity. We then use this information in making modifications and improvements to the site to provide users with a smoother and more efficient shopping experience.
Second, sinclairinstitute.com collects personally identifiable information as needed to provide you with requested services and to process your orders. This information is provided directly by you, such as when you complete the account sign-up form, order form, or email marketing opt-in form and/or when you provide information over the telephone. The personally identifiable information you provide may include the following information, which we use as indicated below:
Name — used for order fulfillment and marketing
Date of Birth — used to ensure that you
are a legal adult
Mailing, Shipping and Billing Addresses — used for order fulfillment and marketing
Email Address — used for order status communication and marketing
Telephone Number(s) — used for order
status communication and marketing
Credit Card or Debit Card Number — used for payment for orders
Further, when you use the Site to purchase a product as a gift and ask us to deliver it for you, we collect personally identifiable information that you provided regarding the gift recipient, including their name and mailing address.
Cookie Settings
Like many online services, we also use non-invasive "cookies" and other tracking technologies to collect information. Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser. These cookies do not track other websites you might visit and they do not plant malware on your computer. Our non-invasive cookies allow us to recognize your browser so we can personalize your return visits to the Site and save you time during checkout.
If you are uncomfortable with cookies on your computer, you can always remove them by accessing the options menu of your browser. Please refer to your browser’s help menu for more specific directions if needed.
This site uses cookies and related technologies for site operation, analytics, and third party advertising purposes as described in this policy. If you would like to manage your preferences, and/or opt-out of sharing data with third parties information related to these technologies, click "Cookie Settings" button below.
Cookie Settings
How We Use Your Data (Legal Basis for Processing)
PHE takes your privacy very seriously and will never sell your personal data to anyone. We only use your data for the purpose(s) specified in this Policy. Where you have consented to us providing you with promotional offers and marketing, you are free to withdraw this consent at any time.
sinclairinstitute.com uses non-personally identifiable information, such as your IP address and the pages that you visit on our Site, to help diagnose problems with our servers and to administer our Site and improve Site-related services and features. Your IP address and other non-personally identifiable information also may be used to gather broad demographic information and to recognize customer traffic patterns and Site usage trends. This information aids us in merchandising and in developing the design and layout of the Site.
We also might share aggregated statistical data and other non-personally identifiable information with our current and potential business partners and with our service providers to help them provide similar services.
sinclairinstitute.com sometimes administers online surveys in connection with the Site in which we ask you for demographic information and opinions. We do not ask you for personally identifiable information as part of a survey. We use the collected survey data on an aggregated basis to better understand the needs of all of our customers.
sinclairinstitute.com uses personally identifiable information collected from you to complete transactions initiated by you, particularly the sale and delivery of products and services. Your personally identifiable information is also used to get in touch with you when necessary to provide updates about your order and answer any questions you might have.
We may also use personally identifiable information to contact you to make sure you are satisfied with our goods and services or to find out how we can serve you better. Your decision to participate in any survey or questionnaire about this is completely voluntary. Further, we may use personally identifiable information to conduct in-depth marketing research regarding our customers and potential customers.
Financial information (credit card numbers, credit card expiration dates, billing address, and so forth) is used solely to bill you for products and services and we make every effort to keep your information secure from theft or fraud.
sinclairinstitute.com also may use your personally identifiable information to "pre-populate" forms that are used by the Site to facilitate transactions with us and save you from entering every data field on the checkout.
sinclairinstitute.com may send you periodic announcements regarding your order, status updates, service changes concerning the Site and other administrative matters.
You may also, from time to time, receive information from us regarding new features, new products and services and special offers we think you'll find valuable. If you'd like to opt out of receiving promotional communications from us, please follow the procedure outlined in the Opt-Out section below.
There are some special instances when we might use or disclose personally identifiable information:
Gift Recipients
As noted above, we collect personally identifiable information regarding gift recipients and people to whom you may wish to give gifts in the future. This is done in order to accommodate proper gift delivery to such recipients and remind you of upcoming gift-giving occasions. We do not sell or rent any personally identifiable information that you provide to us regarding such persons, but gift recipients may, from time to time, receive offers from us via postal mailings regarding new features, new products and services and special offers we think they will find of interest. Also, we may send marketing offers via postal mailings to gift recipients on behalf of ourselves and our business partners. In connection with such offers, we allow gift recipients to opt out of receiving future marketing-related postal mailings from us, as discussed in the Opt-Out section below.
Service Providers
As described in this Privacy Policy, we work with third parties who provide services, including but not limited to website hosting, order processing and fulfillment, age verification, credit card clearance, e-commerce affiliation, data analysis, emailing, marketing, targeting and other services. Some of these third parties may be given access to some or all of the information that you provide to us and may use cookies or other tracking technologies in connection with providing their services. To the extent that we provide your personally identifiable information to such third parties, we restrict their ability to use such information for their own marketing purposes to the best of our abilities. However, we cannot be responsible for the privacy policies or practices of such third parties.
Related Companies
We may share personal information we collect about you with related companies for purposes consistent with this Policy.
As Required By Law
Subject to applicable law, we reserve the right to release information concerning any Site visitor where such visitor is believed to be in violation of his or her obligations to us, is partaking (or is suspected of partaking) in any illegal activity, in response to civil subpoenas, court orders and/or discovery requests, to protect the interests of sinclairinstitute.com, our customers or others, and as otherwise permitted or required by law as regards to these special cases.
Sharing and Disclosing Your Personal Information
Except as provided in this Policy, we do not share or disclose any of your personal information without your consent.
PHE uses third parties to provide certain services and business functions, and may share your personal information with service providers for purposes such as order and payment processing, website functionality and the marketing of products. Keep in mind that, while we encourage all third parties involved in running our business to adhere to our policies regarding the privacy of our visitors and to handle personally identifiable information in a responsible manner, we cannot and do not assume any responsibility for any actions or omissions of third parties, including the manner in which they use information received either from sinclairinstitute.com or independently.
Opting Out
At any time, you can adjust how sinclairinstitute.com markets to you or even opt-out completely. To adjust your mailing preferences, simply log into your account and go to the Email and/or Catalog Preferences section(s). Then select if you want to receive catalogs and/or emails and how often you get them. When the checkmark is removed, you have successfully opted-out from those mailings. Please note that you will still receive emails regarding your order whenever you make a purchase.
If you are unable to access your account for any reason, you can still opt out of emails and catalogs from bettersex.com as well as mailings from third-party marketers by using this link: Contact Us, by emailing your opt-out request to optout@PHE.com or by mailing your written opt-out requests to this address:
Customer Service
PO Box 8200
Hillsborough, NC 27278
Attention: Privacy
Please allow up to two weeks for your request to be processed. You may also review additional opt-out options at www.aboutads.info/choices or www.networkadvertising.org.
Safeguarding Measures
California Consumer Privacy Act
California residents have certain rights regarding our collection and use of personal information under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”). If you are a California resident and you wish to know more about your rights under the CCPA, please view our CCPA Disclosure here. Please note that the CCPA Disclosure controls as to California residents in the event of any conflict between the CCPA Disclosure and any other provision of this Policy.
PHE, Inc. California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) Disclosure
California residents may:
Request that we delete their personal information.
Request information about:
the categories and specific pieces of personal information we have collected about the you;
the categories of sources from which we have collected your personal information;
the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling your personal information;
the categories of personal information we have sold about your; and
the categories of third parties with whom we have shared, disclosed for a business purpose, or sold your personal information, and which categories of personal information we have sold to which categories of third parties.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising their rights under the CCPA.
NOTE: While under the CCPA you may request that we do not sell your personal information, there is no need to opt out of sales because we do not sell your personal information.
Exercising Your Rights
Requests for Information
If you are a California resident, you may request that we provide certain information about our use of your personal information, as specified above. Upon receiving a request from you, we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity. We will respond to a verified request from you by: (a) providing the requested information; or (b) explaining to you why the Act does not require us to provide the requested information.
We will respond to requests for information within 45 days. If a response requires additional time, we will notify you of the basis for the delay and may extend our response period up to an additional 90 days. If the Act requires us to provide the information requested to you, we will provide the information covering the 12 months preceding the request, free of charge, and in a readily useable portable format. We have no obligation to provide personal information to you more than twice in a 12-month period. If a request or series of requests are manifestly unfounded or excessive, we may charge a reasonable fee for processing the request(s), or may refuse to process the request(s).
Requests to Delete
California residents may request that we delete their personal information. Upon receiving a request from you, we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity. We will respond to a verified request from you by: (a) deleting your personal information and, if applicable, directing our service providers to delete your personal information; or (ii) explaining to you why the Act does not require us to delete your personal information.
If a request or series of requests are manifestly unfounded or excessive, we may charge a reasonable fee for processing the request(s), or may refuse to process the request(s).
Minors
We do not sell to or obtain personal information from persons under 18 years of age.
Personal Information We Have Collected, Sold, or Disclosed
In the preceding 12 months, we have collected the following categories of personal information about California residents:
Name
Date of Birth
Postal address
Billing address
Shipping address
Credit or debit card information
E-mail address
Telephone number(s)
Records of products/services purchased
Internet Protocol address and geolocation
Analytics regarding interaction with our website
Device information (e.g. device model, operating system, device date/time, unique device identifiers, network information)
We do not sell, and have in the prior 12 months sold, any personal information of California consumers.
In the preceding 12 months, we have shared for a business purpose the following categories of personal information about California Users:
Identifiers: such as your name, Internet Protocol address, email address, and similar identifiers.
Payment information: some personal information included in this category, such as your address, may overlap with other categories.
Internet or other electronic network activity information: such as browsing history, search history, or information on interaction with a website or advertisement
Geolocation data. In some cases, we may collect your physical location to provide you location-related services
Inferences drawn from any of the above information
According to California law, personal information does not include (i) publicly available information from government records or (ii) de-identified or aggregated consumer information.
More
Less
California Shine the Light
If you are a California resident and have an established business relationship with us, you can request a notice disclosing the categories of personal information we have shared with third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year. To request a notice, please submit your request to:
PHE, Inc.
PO Box 8200
Hillsborough, NC 27278
Attention: Shine the Light.
Please allow 30 days for a response.
Transfers Outside the EU
PHE, Inc. is located in the United States and as such all data is stored and processed in the US. Personal data in the European Union is protected by the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Consequences of Not Providing Your Data
You are not obligated to provide your personal information to PHE However, this information is required for us to provide you with our services and deliver your products. We will not be able to offer some or all of our services without it.
How Long We Keep Your Data
PHE only ever retains personal information for as long as is necessary to serve the purposes described in this Policy. We will also retain and use your personal data for as long as necessary to comply with legal, regulatory, accounting or reporting obligations, to resolve disputes, and to enforce our agreements.
Where you have consented to us using your details for direct marketing, we will keep such data until you notify us otherwise and/or withdraw your consent.
Special Categories Data
Owing to the products, services or treatments that we offer, PHE sometimes needs to process sensitive personal information (known as special category data) about you, as a consequence of the type of products we sell. Where we collect such information, we will only request and process the minimum necessary for the specified purpose and identify a compliant legal basis for doing so.
Where we rely on your consent for processing special category data, we will obtain your explicit consent through a checkbox on our website. You can modify or withdraw consent at any time, which we will act on immediately, unless there is a legitimate or legal reason for not doing so.
Lodging A Question or Complaint
PHE only processes your personal information in compliance with this privacy notice and in accordance with the relevant data protection laws. If, however, you have a question about this Policy, the data collection and usage practices of this Site or your dealings with this site, you can click this link: Contact Us or mail us at:
Customer Service
PO Box 8200
Hillsborough, NC 27278
Attention: Privacy
If you wish to report a complaint regarding the processing of your personal data or are unsatisfied with how we have handled your information, you contact the supervisory authority by mail at:
PHE, Inc.
GDPR
302 Meadowlands Dr
Hillsborough, NC 27278
Attention: Privacy
Making Sure Your Order is Secure
Sinclair Institute makes every possible effort to protect your credit card information and personal data by following some of the strictest security standards in the industry to prevent hacking. All communication to the website is upgraded to be encrypted using current encryption protocols. This works by creating a secure link between your computer and ours so only ESinclair Institute can decode your personal information. Look for https or the lock icon in your browser’s address bar.
We follow the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards (PCI-DSS) when handling customer’s credit card data and work hard to protect you and your information from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction. We have several layers of security measures in place, including, but not limited to:
Encryption for both data at rest and during transmission
Robust access controls
Multi-layered defenses
Vulnerability management, intrusion detection, monitoring, and continuous testing
A mature InfoSec policy
As an extra level of security, BetterSex employs outside companies to regularly test our site and examine our security policies to make sure we’re doing all we can to protect your personal information. Unfortunately, no system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. You provide all such information at your own risk, but please remember that these risks can be minimized by using responsible browsing habits such as the use of anti-virus software and similar protection measures.
Risk-free Shopping Guarantee
In the unlikely event of someone stealing your credit card number, Sinclair Institute wants to make sure you’re not the one paying the price. Under the Fair Credit Billing Act, your bank cannot hold you responsible for more than $50.00 of fraudulent charges. If your bank does try to bill you for the unauthorized charges, then we’ll cover it ourselves – up to the $50.00 limit. To qualify for this safeguard, you must contact us and show that the unauthorized use of your credit card resulted through no fault of your own from making a purchase at sinclairinstitute.com on our secure server.
Copyright Infringement
In accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA"), Sinclair Institute has designated an agent to receive notification of alleged copyright infringement occurring on bettersex.com sites:
BetterSex
DMCA Notification Agent
302 Meadowlands Drive
Hillsborough, NC 27278
Phone: 1-800-955-0888
E-mail: copyrightagent@sinclairinstitute.com
Contents of Notice
The DMCA requires that all notices of alleged copyright infringement be in writing. For Sinclair Institute to act on your notice, you must be authorized to enforce the copyrights that you allege have been infringed. When informing Sinclair Institute of an alleged copyright infringement, you should:
Identify the copyrighted work that allegedly has been infringed. If multiple copyrighted works on a single Sinclair Institute Service are involved, please provide a representative list of such works.
Describe the material that is claimed to be infringing and provide sufficient information to permit Sinclair Institute to locate that material.
Provide your contact information, including an address, telephone number, and, if available, an e-mail address.
Certify or include a statement that you have a good-faith belief that the use of the copyright-protected material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, the owner’s agent, or law.
Certify that the information that you have provided Sinclair Institute is accurate. You should attest under penalty of perjury that you are authorized to enforce the copyrights that you allege have been infringed.
Include your physical or electronic signature.
Sinclair Institute may not be able to act on your complaint promptly or at all if you do not provide this information.
UK Data Protection Act
We have appointed DPR Group as our UK representative under the UK Data Protection Act 2018, as amended.
If you are based in the UK, you may contact our UK Representative using the following details:
Sending an email to datainquiry@dpr.eu.com, quoting “PHE, Inc.” in the subject line, or
Mailing Inquiries:
DPR Group
BPM 335368
372 Old Street
EC1V 9AU
London, United Kingdom
Note that the EU General Data Protection Regulation provisions set forth below in this Policy also apply to our UK based customers.
EU General Data Protection Regulation
This section of the Privacy Policy applies if you are a customer in the European Union ( EU). For these purposes, reference to the EU also includes the European Economic Area countries of Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway and, to the extent applicable, Switzerland. To the extent that provisions in this section contradict other provisions of this Privacy Policy, the provisions in this Section prevail for EU residents.
In compliance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation, PHE has appointed DPR Group as their Data Protection Representative in the EU so that you can contact them directly in your home country. DPR Group has locations in each of the 28 EU countries, so that PHE’s customers in the EU can always raise the questions they want with them.
If you are based in the EU and want to raise a question with us or otherwise exercise your rights in respect of your personal data, you may do so using one of these three methods:
sending an email to DPR Group at E-mail: datainquiry@dpr.eu.com quoting “PHE, Inc.” in the subject line
contacting us on our online webform at https://www.dpr.eu.com/datarequest
mailing your inquiry to DPR Group at the most convenient of the addresses listed in the table below.
PLEASE NOTE: when mailing inquiries, it is ESSENTIAL that you mark your letters for ‘DPR Group’. Please refer clearly to PHE, Inc. in your correspondence. On receiving your correspondence, PHE may request evidence of your identity to ensure your personal data and information connected with it are not provided to anyone other than you. If you have any concerns over how DPR Group will handle the personal data we will require to undertake our services, please refer to our privacy notice at https://www.dpr.eu.com/legal-privacy.
Country
Address
Austria
DPR Group, City Tower, Brückenkopfgasse 1/6. Stock, Graz, 8020,
Austria
Belgium
DPR Group, Place de L'Université 16, Louvain-La-Neuve, Waals
Brabant, 1348, Belgium
Bulgaria
DPR Group, 132 Mimi Balkanska Str., Sofia, 1540, Bulgaria
Croatia
DPR Group, Ground & 9th Floor, Hoto Tower, Savska cesta 32,
Zagreb, 10000, Croatia
Cyprus
DPR Group, Victory House, 205 Archbishop Makarios Avenue,
Limassol, 3030, Cyprus
Czech Republic
DPR Group, IQ Ostrava Ground floor, 28. rijna 3346/91,
Ostrava-mesto, Moravska, Ostrava, Czech Republic
Denmark
DPR Group, Lautruphøj 1-3, Ballerup, 2750, Denmark
Estonia
DPR Group, 2nd Floor, Tornimae 5, Tallinn,
10145, Estonia
Finland
DPR Group, Luna House, 5.krs, Mannerheimintie 12 B, Helsinki,
00100, Finland
France
DPR Group, 72 rue de Lessard, Rouen, 76100, France
Germany
DPR Group, 3rd and 4th floor, Altmarkt 10 B/D, Dresden, 01067,
Germany
Greece
DPR Group, 24 Lagoumitzi str, Athens, 17671, Greece
Hungary
DPR Group, Kálmán Imre utca 1, Budapest, 1054, Hungary
Ireland
DPR Group, Phoenix House, Monahan Road, Cork, T12 H1XY, Republic
of Ireland
Italy
DPR Group, BPM 335368, Via Roma 12, 10073 , Turin, Italy
Latvia
DPR Group, 4th & 5th floors, 14 Terbatas Street, Riga,
LV-1011, Latvia
Lithuania
DPR Group, 44A Gedimino Avenue, 01110 Vilnius, Lithuania
Luxembourg
DPR Group, BPM 335368, Banzelt 4 A, 6921, Roodt-sur-Syre,
Luxembourg
Malta
DPR Group, Tower Business Centre, 2nd floor, Tower Street,
Swatar, BKR4013, Malta
Netherlands
DPR Group, Cuserstraat 93, Floor 2 and 3, Amsterdam, 1081 CN,
Netherlands
Poland
DPR Group, Budynek Fronton ul Kamienna 21, Krakow, 31-403,
Poland
Portugal
DPR Group, Torre de Monsanto, Rua Afonso Praça 30, 7th floor,
Algès, Lisbon, 1495-061, Portugal
Romania
DPR Group, 15 Piata Charles do Gaulle, nr. 1-T, Bucharest, Sectorul 1 011857, Romania
Slovakia
DPR Group, Apollo Business Centre II, Block E / 9th floor, 4D
Prievozska, Bratislava, 821 09, Slovakia
Slovenia
DPR Group, Trg. Republike 3, Floor 3, Ljubljana, 1000, Slovenia
Spain
DPR Group, Puerta de las Naciones, Ribera del Loira 46, Madrid,
28042, Spain
Sweden
DPR Group, S:t Johannesgatan 2, 4th floor, Malmo, SE - 211 46,
Sweden
×
Quick View Title
×
×
item(s) has been added to your cart
Explore More Products
Checkout
Price:
item(s) in your cart
Subtotal:
Est. Shipping & Handling:
Est. Order Total: *
×
We take your privacy seriously. By having an account with us, you agree to your information being stored for the purpose of administering your account. Please see our privacy policy.
We collect personal info from you so we can process, fulfill, and ship your order. By checking this box, you agree to have your data processed for this purpose and agree to the terms of our privacy policy.
We collect personal info from you so we can process, fulfill, and ship your order. By checking this box, you agree to have your data processed for this purpose and agree to the terms of our privacy policy.
Yes! I would like to receive updates about products & services, promotions, special offers, news & events via email. I understand I can unsubscribe at any time.
Continue