http://www.theadulttoyshoppe.com/customer-service/privacy-personal-information.html
Privacy policies and use of personal information.
Contact Us
Customer Service
Blog
Shipping
Privacy
Search
Home > Customer Service > Privacy and Personal Information
Your privacy is very important to us.
We fully understand the private nature of this business. We have tailored our order and shipping process to be as discreet as possible so every customer can feel confident and comfortable placing an order with us.
We ship in a typical white postal shipping package and it does not say where it came from or what's inside.
Your credit card statement is billed by "Legend Sales 856-382-0628"
We only send the order you purchased, you'll never get junk mail or flyers to your home and we won't call or send unsolicited emails.
There are many customers who make
purchases regularly - with positive feedback and positive compliments received on the level of privacy and discretion received when dealing with us, we're a preferred sex shop for many Americans.
Use of personal information.
When you complete the order form, you will be asked for your name, address, phone number and email address. If we need to contact you for any reason about your order, we will send an email, we will never call you. The telephone number is for billing address verification purposes only.
Your email address or billing/shipping address is never shared or given to anyone else besides the mail carrier. We never send flyers or catalogs to your billing/shipping address or to your email.
We require the correct billing address for address verification of the credit card transaction. If you want your order shipped to a different address, please enter the shipping address in the proper field, if the shipping address is different, please note that we will never send anything to the billing address, it's simply for the transaction verification.
After the order is placed, you will automatically be emailed a copy of the order confirmation. The only other time you may receive an email from us is if one of your products is sold out or if there is a problem with the shipping of your order. We will never send email promotions or any other form of material to your email address and we don't distribute it to anyone else.
If you have any questions regarding website security please contact us.
© Legend Sales Corp. 2012 All Rights Reserved
To order over the phone: 856-382-0628