http://www.spicygear.com/info/privacy.cfm
Vibrators, Adult Toys and Vibrators for Women Store
SEARCH
View Shopping Bag
SHOP
Vibrators For Her
Sex Toy Reviews
Dildos & Dongs
For Him
Lubricants
Condoms
All Departments
On Sale
New Items
You Are Here:
Home
Info
Privacy
Privacy
Since 1996 we have provided more than 250,000 satisfied customers, many of whom purchase with us time after time, with products from our sexy boutique. One of the biggest reasons for our success is the fact that we are a small independently owned store. We actually answer our phones because we care about our customers.
Over the years, many competitors have come and gone while we continue to grow. We have never changed our core business practices and we constantly thrive to bring you a totally discreet, secure and high quality shopping experience.
OUR NO JUNK MAIL GUARANTEE
As a customer of my company SpicyGear.com, we will never send you sexually explicit catalogues or any type of mail to your home. Unlike many of my competitors, Spicy Gear is an actual Brick-&-Mortar store and not a marketing company. This is my Personal Promise. ~ Kimberly - President
I guarantee that you will NEVER receive any junk mail or XXX Catalogs from us or any other company. Beware who you purchase online from. Many of my competitors are companies that are "Name Harvesters" for larger Corporations. They offer ridiculously low prices to lure you in then gather Marketing Lists of sexually active people. We are not one of them. We have been in business for 10 years and have thousands of repeat customers.
When you shop at my store you can be assured of...
PLAIN, UNMARKED BOX Shipping
All SpicyGear Orders are shipped in Plain Discreet Boxes. The return Address is Go Live Inc.. The box will NOT say what you purchased. Your Neighbors, Mail Carrier or Children will NOT be able to tell the contents of your order.
Discreet Billing
Your Credit Card or Debit Card Statement will read Go Live LLC. It will not say what you have purchased. Your Banker, Accountant (or Spouse) will NOT know what you purchased.
Our Privacy Pledge
We do not share, sell, trade or rent our customer information. No Matter What. This is very important to the many Moms with small children that order from us. Read our Privacy Policy here
No Junk Mail Guarantee
We guarantee that you will NEVER receive any junk mail or XXX Catalogs from us or any other company. Beware who you purchase from. Many online companies are "Name Harvesters". They offer ridiculously low prices to lure you in then gather Marketing Lists of sexually active people. We are not one of them. We have been in business for 10 years and have thousands of repeat customers.
Name Brand Security - Comodo 128-bit Security
Includes $500,000 worth of Buyer Protection
Spicy Gear uses the HIGHEST level of security from Comodo. We are one of only a handful of Adult Products Companies that have passed Comodo's stringent 128-bit security tests.
We Secure and Protect Our Website
SpicyGear.com protects our systems from Internet Hackers. We utilize the highest level of data encryption, privacy monitoring and also store all of our information OFFLINE. Offline data storage and having our servers tested constantly by hacker safe ensures that your information does not get in the hands of computer hackers.
We hope that this make you feel more comfortable in purchasing with my store. Of you feel more comfortable ordering off-line, please feel free to pick up the phone and call us toll-free at 1-800-430-2994 (Mon-Fri 8am-4pm East Coast Time). Thanks again for stopping by!
SpicyGear.com
(813) 885-4500
Contact Us by Email >
Proud to be the net's safest and most secure adult web store.
Helpful Links:
About SpicyGear
Customer Service
Customer Testimonials
Discreet Shipping
Frequently Asked Questions
More Information
Pay by check or money order
Privacy
Privacy policy
Return Policy
Shipping Methods & Rates
Why choose spicygear.com?
Friends of SpicyGear.com and Links
Shop With Us
Decadent Indulgence Vibrators
Jack Rabbit Sex Toys
G Spot Vibrators
Realistic
Pocket Rocket Vibrator
Clitoral Vibrators
Powerful Vibrators
Discreet
Anal
Non Vibrating Dildos
Strap On Dildos
How To Books
Bondage & Fetish
Just For Her
Accessories
Gift Cards
ALL DEPARTMENTS
Additional Resources
Sex Toy Reviews
Our Staff Picks
Sybian Sex Machine
New Products
About SpicyGear.com
Return Policy
Shipping Information
Privacy Policy
Our Guarantee
About Our Store
What Our Customers Say
Join Our Affiliate Program
Help
TRACK YOUR ORDER
Order by
Mail / Pay with Check or Money Order
Help By Phone
Contact Customer Service
Go Live, Inc. - Tampa, FL • Los Angeles, CA • New York, NY • Chicago, IL