http://www.vienna-escort-girls.com/privacy-statement.html
Privacy Statement
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on vienna-escort-girls.com website. On some pages, you can order, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name
E-mail
Address
Country
Phone
Year of birth
Profession
Hairs color
Eyes color
Figure
Smoker
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by vienna-escort-girls.com. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, operating system, domain names, access times and referring web site addresses and search terms. This information is used by vienna-escort-girls.com for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the vienna-escort-girls.com web site.
USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
vienna-escort-girls.com collects and uses your personal information to operate the vienna-escort-girls.com web site and deliver the services you have requested. vienna-escort-girls.com also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other services available from vienna-escort-girls.com. vienna-escort-girls.com may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
vienna-escort-girls.com does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
LINKS
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we vienna-escort-girls.com are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
NEWSLETTER
If a user wishes to subscribe to our newsletter, we ask for contact information such as email address.
SECURITY
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any question or concerns about vienna-escort-girls.com policy for this site or its implementation you may contact us via email at: admin@vienna-escort-girls.com
18 USC 2257
In compliance with the Federal Labeling and Record-Keeping Law (also
known as 18 U.S.C. 2257), all models located within our domain were 18
years of age or older during the time of photography. All models proof
of age is held by the custodian of records, which is listed below
organized by producer. All content and images are in full compliance
with the requirements of 18 U.S.C. 2257 and associated regulations.
TOP LINKS:
(c) Vienna-Escort-Girls.com, All rights reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Statement