http://www.extreme-hosting.net/privacy.html
Client login
Toll Free: +1 888-713-5099
Home
Web Hosting packages
Data center
Control panel demo
About us
Contact us
Privacy policy
Privacy policy
Revision:
Dec 09, 2005
Account details privacy
We consider your account registration (personal or company) details and the content of all your messages to
be private. The header of the messages that you send will contain your name (e-mail address) and Internet Protocol (IP) address.
We will not intentionally monitor or disclose any of your e-mail messages or registration details, unless we are required to do
so for any of the following reasons:
- to enforce our Terms,
- by law,
- to defend us in any legal action,
- to protect our property.
Additionally, you agree to respect the privacy and confidentiality of others. Since your password is essential for
protecting your privacy, we encourage you not to share it with anyone and change it frequently. Thus you will be able
to secure your own personal information and data on our servers in more effective way.
Registration details privacy
Extreme Hosting collects information during the registration process. The personal information that
we collect includes first and last name, address, phone number, and e-mail address.
Why we collect this information?
Your registration details are needed when using the service, receiving support for your account, for statistical
purposes, etc. Accurate and valid personal registration details are required in cases of approving payments and sending service
notifications about customer's account status, services, upgrades, system modifications and scheduled maintenance, for all
Electronic communication transactional records in accordance to Title 18, United States Code, Section 2709.
Extreme Hosting will not send you any unsolicited information, including e-mail, except as mentioned below:
All new customers will receive a welcome e-mail explaining the features provided by our company. We may also send periodic
member notifications to announce important service changes, new features, upcoming renewals,
technical issue updates and
news about the web hosting service.
Extreme Hosting keeps your personal information private and does not share it with any unauthorized third parties.
Home | Web Hosting Packages | Data center |
Control panel | Terms
Privacy policy | About us | Faq | Knowledge base | Coupon Codes | Contact Us
quick links: WordPress hosting |
Joomla hosting | cheap hosting | FFmpeg hosting |
forum hosting | blog hosting | php hosting |
linux hosting
© Copyright Extreme-Hosting.net
2001 - 2017. Web Hosting Services
Extreme Hosting, 10685-B Hazelhurst Dr. #6735, Houston, TX 77043, USA.
All rights reserved.