https://www.iubenda.com/privacy-policy/20927572
Privacy Policy of erotica-readers.com
This Website collects some Personal Data from its Users.
Personal Data collected for the following purposes and using the following services:
Advertising
Direct Email Marketing (DEM)
Personal Data: email address
Analytics
Google Analytics, Wordpress Stats and Facebook Ads conversion tracking (Facebook pixel)
Personal Data: Cookies; Usage Data
Backup saving and management
Vaultpress
Personal Data: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service
Commercial affiliation
Amazon Affiliation
Personal Data: Cookies; Usage Data
Contacting the User
Contact form
Personal Data: company name; email address; first name; last name; various types of Data; website
Mailing list or newsletter
Personal Data: Cookies; email address; first name; last name
Content commenting
Comment system managed directly
Personal Data: Cookies; email address; first name; last name; username; website
Displaying content from external platforms
Google Fonts
Personal Data: Usage Data; various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service
Gravatar
Personal Data: email address; Usage Data
Interaction with external social networks and platforms
Facebook Like button and social widgets, Google+ +1 button and social widgets, Pinterest “Pin it” button and social widgets, Twitter Tweet button and social widgets, Tumblr sharing button and social widgets and LinkedIn button and social widgets
Personal Data: Cookies; Usage Data
Managing contacts and sending messages
MailerLite
Personal Data: Cookies; email address; first name; last name
Social features
Inviting and suggesting friends
Personal Data: various types of Data
SPAM protection
Akismet
Personal Data: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service
Further information about Personal Data
Pepperjam Network
The ERWA site is a participant in the Pepperjam Network, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to various sites (the "advertisers"). The sites we link to and advertise that are advertisers of the Pepperjam Network are Adam & Eve, Babeland, Ella Paradis and Wild Secrets.You can read the Pepperjam Network Privacy Policy here: https://www.pepperjam.com/legal.
GameLink Partners
The ERWA site is a GameLink Partner, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to GameLink at gamelink.com. You can read GameLink's Privacy Policy here: https://www.gamelink.com/s/privacy-policy.
Good Vibrations Affiliate Program
The ERWA site is a participant in the Good Vibrations Affiliate Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Good Vibrations at goodvibes.com. You can read Good Vibration's Privacy Policy here: https://www.goodvibes.com/s/privacy-policy.
Affiliation
The ERWA website contains links to other related Internet sites, resources, and sponsors. Selection of an ad banner or link may redirect you off of our site to a third party site. Any content provided on such third party site or transactions (including memberships) that occur between you and the owner of any third party site are strictly between yourself and that third party and are not the responsibility of the owner of the ERWA site. You should direct any concerns regarding any third party site to its site administrator or Webmaster. Your access to, or use of, any third-party site is at your sole risk.PLEASE NOTE: When you no longer see our URL, i.e. erotica-readers.com, in the address display of your browser, you are no longer on the ERWA Site.
For Adults Only
You are an adult, at least 18 years of age, you are familiar with and understand the standards and laws of your local community regarding sexually-oriented media. You represent that, based on your familiarity with the standards and laws of your local community, you will not be violating any applicable standards or laws by requesting, receiving, downloading or possessing any of the video, audio, graphics, images or text (“Adult Material”) available on the ERWA website.You will not permit any person(s) under 18 years of age to have access to any of the Adult Materials contained in our site.
Contact information
Owner and Data Controller
ERWA, Selena Kitt, 486 S Ripley #164, Alpena, MI 49707, USA
Owner contact email: erwa-website@gmail.com
Latest update: June 02, 2018
iubenda hosts this content and only collects the Personal Data strictly necessary for it to be provided.
Show the complete Privacy Policy