http://www.sugardvd.com/help/shopping_discreetservice.html
Menu
PPV
Unlimited
PPV
PPV
Unlimited
Unlimited Streaming
Unlimited Streaming
Unlimited Streaming
Stream Unlimited Porn videos with a membership.
Featuring...
5 Day Free Trial
Thousands Of Movies
Stream to ROKU, PS4 & Xbox
Exclusive Content
New Content Added Daily
Start Your Free Trial
NewAdditions
NewReleases
PopularMovies
TrendingMovies
Categories
Movie
Studios
Get Unlimited Streaming Access at No Risk with a 5 Day Free Trial.
Try Now
Pay Per View
Pay Per View
Pay Per Minute
Pay Per Minute allows you to watch Premium Content as much or as little as you want.
You are in total control.
See Minute Packages
Start Watching
NewMovies
MostPopular
Trending
Categories
Movie
Studios
Watch Pay Per Minute titles on your mobile device.
Minute Packages
Minute Packages start at $3.99.
Browse Packages
Shopping Cart
Sign In
< Help
Discreet Service
Discreet Service
We are not only committed to providing you with superior service and unmatched professionalism, but we have also strived to ensure a completely discreet shopping environment.
So we wanted to provide you with the following information concerning our Discreet Billing and Shipping, Privacy, and Customer Service policies.
Discreet Billing:
Any charge on your credit card statement will read
"Oddessee"
.
Your invoice will reference the name of our site and the titles/names of adult product will be listed.
Discreet, Fast Shipping:
All orders received before 3:00pm ET are processed the same day (Monday through Friday). Remember the products have to be In-Stock: Ships Immediately.
Click here for more information about Same Day Shipping.
Discreet Customer Service:
All order confirmation emails will be sent from
'customerservice@sugarinstant.com'
and our company name will be listed as
SugarInstant
.
You can turn off Order Confirmation emails in the "Your Account" section located at the top of the page.
In the case that a
customer service rep has to call you they will only discuss contents of an order with the individual who placed the order.
We will only call the phone number you provide, if we have a problem with your order and receive no reply via email or in some cases to validate suspicious account activity.
Our customer service department is administered 100% in house and not outsourced to a third party.
Complete Customer Privacy:
We value your privacy and will not sell any of your personal information to third parties. Please read our full
Privacy Policy for further information.
We do send promotional emails which consist of coupons, new site features and other customer related information.
You can unsubscribe by accessing the "Notification Options" section of your Account.
Help Home >
Shopping Information
Payment Methods
Stock Statuses
Discreet Service
Secure Shopping
18 U.S.C. § 2257 Record Keeping Requirements Compliance Statement
All material herein ©2001-2020 Ravana, LLC.
All trademarks and copyrights on this site are property of their respective owners.
No material on this site may be reproduced in any way, shape, or form without
the express written permission of the Ravana, LLC. All rights reserved.
Newsletter
About Us
Affiliates
Customer Service
Watch on Roku
Discreet Service
Terms/Conditions
Privacy Policy
Contact
Support