http://www.bannedsextapes.com/privacy.html
Privacy Policy
1. Any information you provide to us at this website when you establish or update a membership, or during any communications with the administration of the Website, is maintained in private files on our secure Web server and our internal systems. Any information gained is used to enable the Website to deliver services to you. The Website does not sell, rent or trade your e-mail address or any other information, to third parties. We may, however, use third parties to help us provide services to you, such as fulfilling orders, processing payments, monitoring site activity, conducting surveys, and administering e-mails, drawings or contests. If personally identifiable information (i.e. name, address, e-mail address, telephone number) is provided to any of these third parties, we will require that such information be maintained by them in strictest confidence. You should be aware that we may disclose specific information about you if necessary to do so by law or based on our good faith belief that it is necessary to conform or comply with the law or is necessary to protect the users of our website, or the public.
2. Information Gathering
The Website gathers navigational information about where its members go on the Website. This information allows the administrators of the Website to see which areas of the Website are most visited. This information helps the administrators to improve the quality of members' online experiences by recognizing and delivering more of the features and content that our members prefer. Additional non-personally identifiable information (i.e. domain type, browser version, service provider and IP address) may also be collected which will provide information that enables the administrators to better design the Website to better meet the technical requirements of our members. In order to subscribe to the Website you are required to fill in a registration form, which includes some personal details. This information is used for billing purposes, and to contact the user in case there is a problem with billing their account. The user is also required to provide an e-mail during registration. This e-mail is used only for confirmation of registration and for confirmation of a notice to unsubscribe as a member to the Website. All personal information is handled by the subscription transaction processor on behalf of the Website. To view their Privacy Statement, please refer to the website of the transaction processor that processed your subscription request to the Website. The name and contact information for the transaction processor will be listed on the subscription confirmation e-mail sent to you at the time that you subscribed to the Website. Log Files. The Website uses IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information. The Website does not collect personally identifiable information through log files.
3. Links to Third Party Sites
Some pages on the Website may include links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of these other sites. We encourage our members to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This Privacy Statement applies solely to information collected by the Website. The Website is not responsible for the availability of external sites or resources linked to this site, and does not endorse, and is not responsible, or liable, for any merchandise, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such sites or resources. The Website shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damages or loss caused, or alleged to be, caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such goods or services available on or through any such site or resource.
4. Use of Cookies
The Website uses a browser feature known as a cookie, which assigns a unique identification to your computer. Cookies also allow the Website to make our website more responsive to our members' needs by delivering a better and more personalized experience to you. The cookies are typically stored on your computer's hard drive and are used by the Website to help track your clicks as you go through the pages within the Website. Cookies are also used to save login names and passwords. This allows registered users to avoid reentering information upon every new visit to the site. Navigational information from previous visits to the Website may be associated with the personal information you provide. We partner with select third party advertising companies and allow them to collect non-personally identifiable information by placing cookies when you visit the Website. These selected companies may use information about your visits to our site and other websites to provide advertisements about products and services of interest to you.
5. Customer Service
We communicate with users on a regular basis to provide requested services. The Customer Service Representatives at the Website are able to reply via email. Established members of the Website might occasionally receive information from us on new services and special announcements. Former members may also receive promotional emails from the Website.
6. No warranty is made by the Service regarding any information, services, or products provided through or in connection with the Service. Our Service hereby expressly disclaims any and all warranties, including, without limitation: any warranties as to the availability, accuracy, or content of information, products, or services, and; any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. Some states/provinces do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties; therefore, the above exclusion may not apply to you.