https://www.saintsandsinnersball.com.au/privacy-policy/
Home
About S&S
About Saints & Sinners
Privacy Policy
Newsletter
Terms of Use
Contact Us
Newsletter
Facebook
Saints & Sinners BallGuide & FAQ
Calendar
Invitations
Next Ball
Press Flyer
Box Office
Sinners Club
Sinners Club Gallery
Sinners Club | Join
Sinners Club | Login
Sinners Club
Gallery
Previous Flyers
S & S Gallery
Shop
Gift Certificates
DVD SHOP
Shop
Ticket Sales
You are here: Home / Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy
STATEMENT REGARDING PRIVACY POLICY
Saints & Sinners recognises the importance of protecting the privacy of personally identifiable information collected about our customers. For the purposes of this Privacy Statement, the word customers includes visitors to our web sites, subscribers to and users of our services, purchasers of our products and advertising customers.
We are bound by the National Privacy Principles in the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) in relation to the handling of personal information. Where appropriate we will handle personal information relying on the media exemption, related bodies corporate exemption and the employee exemption in the Privacy Act.
Personal Information
We collect personal information when we provide our services to you. Generally we will tell you why we are collecting information when we collect it and how we plan to use it or these things will be obvious when we collect the information.
Use of Information
We usually collect personal information such as your name, address, telephone number, and in some instances, your financial details. When you are online, we collect information regarding the pages within our network which you visit and what you click on. As a general rule we do not collect sensitive information. However, if we do, it will usually be for the purposes of providing our goods or services and if the law requires us to, we will seek your consent to collect it.
We use your information to provide our services to you, to fulfil administrative functions associated with these services, for example billing, to enter into contracts with you or third parties and for marketing and client relationship purposes.
We may share your information with other companies which are related to Saints & Sinners within and outside of Australia. We or they may also use your personally identifiable information to assist us in improving our products and services and any of us might be in touch to let you know about goods, services, or promotions which may interest you.
When we collect your information, we will give you the ability to indicate that you do not want us to use your personal information for disclosed secondary purposes. At any time, you may notify us of your preference on this issue by contacting us by any of the following methods:
Mail: PO Box 168 Carnegie Victoria 3163
Telephone: (03) 9504 3642
Email: Contact Form
Please allow a reasonable time for your preference to be implemented.
Use by Third Parties
Saints & Sinners may disclose your information to its service providers and contractors here or overseas to help us to provide and market our goods and services to you. If we do this we generally require these parties to protect your information in the same way we do.
Use of Aggregate Data
We may collect certain non-personal information to optimise our goods and services including our Web pages for your computer (e.g., the identity of your Internet browser, the type of operating system you use, your IP address and the domain name of your Internet service provider). We may use such non-personal information for internal purposes, including but not limited to improving the content of our sites.
Saints & Sinners may use personally identifiable information in aggregate form to improve our goods and services including our Web sites and make them more responsive to the needs of our customers. This statistical compilation and analysis of information may also be used by Saints & Sinners or provided to others as a summary report for marketing, advertising or research purposes.
Access to Personal Information
You have a right to access most personal information we hold about you and if we deny access in some circumstances we will tell you why.
To request access, please contact our privacy office as set out at the end of this document.
Public Information
Any information posted on bulletin boards and/or communicated in chat areas becomes public information. While Saints & Sinners strives to protect and respect your privacy, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose in a chat room or bulletin board.
Cookies
Cookies are data that a Web site transfers to an individual’s hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies can facilitate a user’s ongoing access to and use of a site. They allow us to track usage patterns and to compile data that can help us improve our content and target advertising. If you do not want information collected through the use of Cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to deny or accept the Cookie feature. But you should note that Cookies may be necessary to provide you with features such as merchandise transactions or registered services.
What else you should know about privacy on the internet
Remember to close your browser when you have finished your user session. This is to ensure that others cannot access your personal information and correspondence if you share a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place like a library or Internet café. You as an individual are responsible for the security of and access to your own computer.
Whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information over the Internet that this information can be collected and used by others. In short, if you post personal information in publicly accessible online forums, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return. Ultimately, you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your username and passwords and any account information. Please be careful and responsible whenever you are using the internet.
For further information
Please contact our Privacy Officer to ask for access to your information or if you have a complaint concerning your information privacy or if you would like more information about our approach to privacy.
The Privacy Officer
Saints & Sinners Ball
Mail: PO Box 168 Carnegie VIC 3163
Telephone: (03) 9504 3642
Email: Contct Form
Countdown to next ball..
i
Invitation | Buy Tickets
Invitation
Next Ball: New Year’s Eve – Thursday 31st December 2020Australia's biggest adult party returns
New Year's Eve - Thursday 31st December 2020
A COVID Safe plan including numbers and social distancing will apply.
Dress Theme:
Dress in your sexiest, raunchiest outfits … [Read More...]
S&S Newsletter
Please leave this field emptyStay up to date with the latest S&S news by subscribing to receive our free newsletter.
Newsletter FAQ
Check your inbox now to confirm your subscription.
If it's not there, try the spam folder
Club Sinner
Sinners Club offers members only access to exclusive benefits and content.
Sinners Club member benefits
Picture Gallery
Ticket Discounts
Video Gallery … More..
Copyright © 2020 · Saints & Sinners BallReturn to top of page