http://www.nude-in-public.com/terms.html
WEBSITE TERMS AND
CONDITIONS
The following terms and conditions govern your use
and access to the Aphroditas network of websites, which currently
includes:  (1) the Nude In Public located at www.nude-in-public.com;
(2) Flash In Public located at www.flash-in-public.com; (3) Nude In Russia located at
www.nude-in-russia.com; (4) Euronudes located at www.euronudes1.com;
(collectively, the "Sites" or individually, a "Site").  These Terms
and Conditions also govern your membership to a Site (or Sites) if you
become a member.  By accessing, using, viewing, reading,
printing, installing, or downloading any material to or from the Site(s),
or by becoming a member of the Site(s), you agree to be bound by these
Terms and Conditions. This Agreement is intended to be governed by the
Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act (E-Sign Act).
You manifest your agreement to these Terms and Conditions by any act
demonstrating your assent thereto, including clicking any button
containing the words “I agree” or similar syntax. You may submit a paper
copy of this transaction and print this form for your personal records.
You have the right to withdraw your consent to use the E-Sign Act by
emailing us. Your consent to use the E-Sign Act is limited to providing
the information on this form. Access to this electronic record requires a
simple browser program such as Internet Explorer™ or Netscape™ and a
computer.
These Terms and Conditions
are subject to change by the Site(s) at any time in its discretion. Your
use of the Site(s) after such changes are implemented constitutes your
acknowledgment and acceptance of the changes. If you do not agree to be
bound by these Terms and Conditions, you may not enter the Site(s), you
must exit the Site(s) immediately and you may not use or access the
Site(s) or print or download any materials from them. You may use and
access the Site(s) only in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
Please consult these Terms and Conditions regularly and read them
carefully before using the Site(s). You affirm that you have read this
Agreement and understand, agree and consent to its Terms and
Conditions.
You are
solely responsible for obtaining access to the Sites and that access may
involve third party fees (such as Internet service provider or airtime
charges). You are responsible for those fees, including those fees
associated with the display or delivery of advertisements. In addition,
you must provide and are responsible for all equipment necessary to access
the Sites (i.e., computers, modems, and software, including the most
recent versions of Internet browsers, applications, and plug-ins).
I.
ADULT ENTERTAINMENT
The Sites offer online entertainment services that
may be deemed adult in nature and which may contain graphic depictions and
descriptions of explicit sexual activity.  You acknowledge that you
are aware of the nature of the content provided by these Sites, that you
are not offended by such content and that you access the Sites freely,
voluntarily and willingly.
II.
AGE OF MAJORITY
You
represent and warrant that you are at least 18 or 21 years of age,
depending on the age of majority in your jurisdiction, and that you have
the legal capacity to enter into this agreement.  If you are not at
least 18 or 21 years of age, depending on the age of majority in your
jurisdiction, you must exit the Site immediately and may not use or access
the Sites or print or download any Materials from
them.
III.       NO
CHILD PORNOGRAPHY
You
understand that all models appearing on the Sites are, and were at the
time of all recorded images, at least 18 years of age, and that the Sites
contain no child pornography.  We take a strong and definite stand
against child pornography and only publish images of consenting adults for
consenting adults.  If you see any images, real or simulated,
depicting minors engaged in sexual activity within the Sites, please
report to webmaster@aphroditas.com.  Include with your report any
appropriate evidence, including the date and time.  All reports will
immediately be investigated and the appropriate action will be taken. We
enthusiastically cooperate with any law-enforcement agency investigating
child pornography.  If you suspect other outside websites are
participating in unlawful activities involving minors, please report them
to www.asacp.org.
IV.
PROTECTED SPEECH
You
further acknowledge that the Sites contain only images protected by the
First Amendment to the United States Constitution.  If you are
seeking obscenity or child pornography, please leave this Site
immediately.
V.
TRADEMARK INFORMATION
Nude In Public,
Flash In Public, Nude In Russia, Euronudes, NuRussianArt,
are
service marks of Aphroditas Productions, Inc. ("Aphroditas") in
the United States. Other manufacturers' product and service names
referenced herein may be trademarks and service marks of their respective
companies and are the exclusive property of such respective owners.
Aphhroditas's marks may not be used publicly except with express written
permission from Aphhroditas, and may not be used in any manner that is
likely to cause confusion among consumers, or in any manner that
disparages or discredits Aphhroditas.
VI.
COPYRIGHT
All
content included on the Sites, such as all literary works, text, pictorial
and graphical works, photographs, video and audio clips, motion pictures
and other audio visual works, video games, music, soundtracks, button
icons, streaming data, animation, images, compilations, .RAM files, .AVI
files, .MPG files or any other software files (in object code or source
code format) (collectively, "Materials") is the property of Aphhroditas or
its content suppliers and is protected by United States and international
copyright laws. The compilation of all content on each Site is the
exclusive property of Aphhroditas and protected by United States and
international copyright laws.
VII.      ACCESS TO
SITES
Subject
to these Terms and Conditions and in consideration of your becoming a
member to a Site, Aphhroditas hereby grants you a limited personal license
to access the Site to which you have become a member and the Materials
contained therein.  Provided that you are a member in good standing
to a Site, you may cache the Materials onto a single computer for your
personal, non-commercial internal use only. You agree to prevent any
unauthorized copying of any of the Sites, or any of the Materials
contained therein. Any unauthorized use of a Site or any of the Materials
contained therein terminates this limited license effective immediately.
This is a license to use and access a Site for its intended purpose and is
not a transfer of title.  Violators of this limited license may be
prosecuted to the fullest extent under law.
VIII.    RESTRICTIONS ON USE OF
SITES
Without
the express prior written authorization of Aphhroditas, you may not:
(A) duplicate a Site or any of the Materials contained therein (except as
expressly provided above in Section VII); (B) create derivative works
based on a Site or any of the Materials contained therein; (C) use the
Sites or any of the Materials contained therein for any commercial
purpose, or for any public display, public performance; (D) sell, rent,
lease, license, sublicense, transfer, distribute, re-transmit, time-share
or otherwise assign to any third party the Materials or any of your rights
to access and use the Materials as granted in Section VII above; (E)
remove any copyright or other proprietary notices from the Site or any of
the Materials contained therein; (F) frame or utilize any framing
techniques in connection with the Sites or any of the Materials contained
therein; (G) use any meta-tags or any other "hidden text" using
Aphhroditas's name or marks; (H) link to any page of any of the Sites
(including the homepage); (I) circumvent any encryption or other security
tools used anywhere on the Sites (including the theft of user names and
passwords, or using another person's user name and password in order to
gain access to a restricted area of any of the Sites); (J) use any data
mining, robots or similar data gathering and extraction tools on the
Sites; (K) decompile, reverse engineer, or disassemble software Materials
except and only to the extent permitted by applicable law, or (L) bookmark
any page of any Site beyond the membership log-in screen.
IX.
MEMBERSHIP
A.
REGISTRATION
You may
access the non-public portion of any Site only by being a member in good
standing to that Site.  You may become a member of a Site by
completing an online registration form.  Upon submission of the
online registration form, Aphhroditas or its authorized agent will process
the application.  In connection with completing the online
registration form, you agree to:  (1) provide true, accurate, current
and complete information about yourself as prompted by the registration
form (such information being the "Registration Data") and (2) maintain and
promptly update the Registration Data to keep it true, accurate, current
and complete at all times while you are a member. If you provide any
information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or
Aphhroditas or any of its authorized agents have reasonable grounds to
suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or
incomplete, Aphhroditas has the right to suspend or terminate your account
and refuse any and all current or future use of the Site.
B.
MEMBER ACCOUNT, PASSWORD AND SECURITY
As part
of the registration process, you will select a unique user name and
password which you must provide in order to gain access to the non-public
portion of a Site.  You represent and warrant that you will not
disclose to any other person your unique user name and password and that
you will not provide access to any Site to anyone who is below the age of
majority in your jurisdiction.  You are solely responsible for maintaining the
confidentiality of your user name and password and are fully responsible
for all activities that occur under your user name and password.  You
agree to (1) immediately notify Aphhroditas of any unauthorized use of your
user name and password or any other breach of security, and (2) ensure
that you exit from your account at the end of each session.
C.        FEES
You
agree to pay all membership fees when due.  Aphhroditas posts the
current membership fees for each Site as part of the registration
process.  Aphhroditas reserves the right to change any Site's
membership fees at any time, with or without prior notice to you.  At
the time of registration, you must select a payment method.
Aphhroditas reserves the right to contract with a third party to process all
payments.  Such third party may impose additional terms and
conditions governing payment processing.  Your account will be deemed
past due if it is not paid in full by the payment due date.  If your
account become past due, you agree to pay interest on the past due amount
at a monthly rate of 1.5%, or the highest amount allowed by law, whichever
is lower, compounded daily, plus any additional collection costs, credits,
charge backs and attorneys fees.  Your card issuer agreement may
contain additional terms with respect to your rights and liabilities as a
card holder.  You are responsible for reimbursing Aphhroditas for all
credit card charge backs, dishonored checks and any related
charges.
D.        BILLING
ERRORS
If you
believe that you have been erroneously billed, please notify us
immediately of such error.  If we do not hear from you within thirty
(30) days after such billing error first appears on any account statement,
such fee will be deemed acceptable by you for all purposes, including
resolution of inquiries made by your credit card issuer.
E.
REFUND POLICY
Aphhroditas does not provide cash refunds.  We
do, however, grant credits in the form of free monthly memberships to
resolve customer service issues.  The billing system used by
Aphhroditas or our authorized agents provides extensive credit card fraud
protection measures and our Sites include many features to protect users
from accidental charges.  Therefore, refunds to your credit card will
be provided only under the rarest of circumstances such as persistent
technical problems originating with our equipment.
X.
TERMINATION
You may
cancel your membership at any time by providing:  (A) our customer
service department with a notice of your intent to cancel the membership
along with your user name and password; and (B) any outstanding fees owed
for your membership.  Upon our processing of your request to cancel
your membership, you will no longer have access to the non-public areas of
the Site or Sites to which you were a member.
Aphhroditas may terminate your access to a Site at
any time, with or without advance notice, if:  (1) Aphhroditas believes
that you have breached any material term of these Terms and Conditions,
(2) you fail to pay any amount due by the payment due date; or (3)
Aphhroditas decides to cease operations or to otherwise discontinue any of
the Sites.  Further, you agree that neither Aphhroditas nor any third
party acting on our behalf shall be liable to you for any termination of
your membership or access to any of the Sites.  You agree that if
your account is terminated by Aphhroditas, you will not attempt to
re-register as a member without prior written consent from
Aphhroditas.
XI.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY
YOU
EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT USE OF ANY OF THE SITES OR ANY OF THE MATERIALS
CONTAINED THEREIN IS AT YOUR DISCRETION AND AT YOUR OWN AND SOLE RISK. THE
SITES AND ALL MATERIALS CONTAINED THEREIN ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT
WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED
TO, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE, TITLE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Aphhroditas MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR
WARRANTIES THAT THE SITES OR ANY MATERIALS CONTAINED THEREIN WILL BE
UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR FREE; NOR DOES Aphhroditas MAKE ANY
REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES AS TO THE QUALITY, SUITABILITY, TRUTH,
ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE SITES OR ANY OF THE MATERIALS CONTAINED
THEREIN.  YOU ALSO UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT YOU WILL BE SOLELY
RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT
RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OF SUCH MATERIAL AND/OR DATA. Aphhroditas MAKES NO
WARRANTY REGARDING ANY GOODS OR SERVICES PURCHASED OR OBTAINED THROUGH THE
SITES OR ANY TRANSACTION ENTERED INTO THROUGH THE SITES AND IS NOT
RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY USE OF CONFIDENTIAL OR PRIVATE INFORMATION BY SELLERS
OR THIRD PARTIES. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN
WARRANTIES, SO SOME OF THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
XII.      LIMITATION
OF LIABILITY
IN NO
EVENT SHALL Aphhroditas (OR ITS LICENSORS) BE LIABLE TO YOU, OR ANY OTHER
THIRD PARTY FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOSS OF PROFITS OR GOODWILL, FOR ANY MATTER
ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, WHETHER SUCH LIABILITY IS
ASSERTED ON THE BASIS OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF Aphhroditas
HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.  IN NO EVENT
SHALL Aphhroditas'S TOTAL LIABILITY HEREUNDER FOR DIRECT DAMAGES EXCEED THE
TOTAL FEES ACTUALLY PAID BY YOU FOR USE OF A SITE OR SITES FOR A PERIOD OF
MORE THAN SIX (6) MONTHS FROM THE ACCRUAL OF THE CAUSE OR CAUSES OF
ACTION.
XIII.
INDEMNITY
You
agree to indemnify Aphhroditas against any and all claims, liabilities, and
costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, reasonably incurred in the
defense of any claim or suit arising out of or otherwise related to these
Terms and Conditions, including without limitation, any breach by you of
this Agreement.  Aphhroditas shall promptly notify you by electronic
mail of any such claim or suit, and cooperate fully (at your expense) in
the defense of such claim or suit. Aphhroditas may participate in the
defense of such claim or defense at its own expense.
XIV.
LINKS
Some web
sites which are linked to the Sites are owned and operated by third
parties. Because Aphhroditas has no control over such sites and resources,
you acknowledge and agree that Aphhroditas is not responsible for the
availability of such external sites or resources, and does not endorse and
is not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, services,
products, or other materials on or available from such sites or resources.
You further acknowledge and agree that Aphhroditas shall not be responsible
or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or
alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any
such third-party content, goods or services available on or through any
such site or resource.  If you decide to access any such third party
sites, you do so entirely at your own risk and subject to any terms and
conditions and privacy policies posted therein.
XV.      NOTICE OF
CLAIMED INFRINGEMENT
Aphhroditas respects the intellectual property of
others, and we ask our users to do the same. If you believe that your work
has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, or your
intellectual property rights have been otherwise violated, please provide
Aphhroditas's Copyright Agent the following information:
(A)      an electronic or
physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner
of the copyright or other intellectual property
interest;
(B)
description of the copyrighted work or other intellectual property that
you claim has been infringed;
(C)       a
description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located
on a Site;
(D)      your address,
telephone number, and email address;
(E)       a
statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use
is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
(F)       a
statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above
information in your Notice is accurate and that you are the copyright or
intellectual property owner or authorized to act on the copyright or
intellectual property owner's behalf.
You may
send your Notice of Claimed Infringement to:
webmaster@aphroditas.com.
XVI.    NOTICE AND TAKE DOWN
PROCEDURES
Aphhroditas implements the following "notice and
takedown" procedure upon receipt of any notification of claimed
infringement. Aphhroditas reserves the right at any time to disable access
to, or remove any material or activity accessible on or from any Site or
any Materials claimed to be infringing or based on facts or circumstances
from which infringing activity is apparent. It is the firm policy of
Aphhroditas to terminate the account of repeat copyright infringers, when
appropriate, and Aphhroditas will act expeditiously to remove access to all
material that infringes on another's copyright, according to the procedure
set forth in 17 U.S.C. 512 of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act
("DMCA"). Aphhroditas' DMCA Notice Procedures are as follows: (1) The owner
of a copyright must inform Aphhroditas's Designated Agent in writing of the
infringement, meeting the criteria listed in Paragraph XV and 512 of the
DMCA, which are: (a) an electronic or physical signature of the person
authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or other
intellectual property interest; (b) description of the copyrighted work or
other intellectual property that you claim has been infringed, or a
representative list of infringing works if multiple works on a single site
are on one notice; (c) a description of where the material that you claim
is infringing is located on a Site; (d) your address, telephone number,
and email address where you can be located; (e) a statement by you that
you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by
the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and (f) a statement by you,
made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice
is accurate and that you are the copyright or intellectual property owner
or authorized to act on the copyright or intellectual property owner's
behalf; (2) If the notice does not comply with Paragraph XV and 512 of the
DMCA, but does comply with three requirements for identifying sites that
are infringing according to 512 of the DMCA, Aphhroditas's Designated Agent
shall attempt to contact or take other reasonable steps to contact the
complaining party to help that party comply with the notice requirements;
(3) When Aphhroditas's Designated Agent receives the notice, it will
expeditiously remove and/or disable access to the infringing material and
shall notify the affected user; (4) Then, the affected user may submit a
counter-notification to Aphhroditas's Designated Agent containing a
statement made under penalty of perjury that the user has a good faith
belief that the material was removed because of misidentification of
material; and (5) After Aphhroditas's Designated Agent receives the
counter-notification, Aphhroditas will replace the material at issue within
10-14 days after receipt of the counter-notification unless Aphhroditas's
Designated Agent receives notice that a court action has been filed by the
complaining party seeking an injunction against the infringing activity.
Aphhroditas reserves the right to modify, alter or add to this policy, and
all users should regularly check back to these Terms and Conditions to
stay current on any such changes.
XVII.   GENERAL
PROVISIONS
A.
Governing Law. These Terms and Conditions and all matters
arising out of or otherwise relating to these Terms and Conditions shall
be governed by the laws of the State of Florida, excluding its conflict of
law provisions. The parties agree that the United Nations Convention on
Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is specifically excluded
from application to these Terms and Conditions.  The parties hereby
submit to the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts of the
State of Florida.  Exclusive venue for any litigation permitted under
this Agreement shall be with the state and federal courts located in
Sarasota County, Florida.
B.
Rights to Injunctive Relief. Both parties acknowledge that
remedies at law may be inadequate to provide an aggrieved party with full
compensation in the event of the other party's breach of Sections VII or
VIII, and that an aggrieved party shall therefore be entitled to seek
injunctive relief in the event of any such breach, in addition to seeking
all other remedies available at law or in equity.
C.
Arbitration. If there is a dispute between the parties
arising out of or otherwise relating to these Terms and Conditions, the
parties shall meet and negotiate in good faith to attempt to resolve the
dispute. If the parties are unable to resolve the dispute through direct
negotiations, then, except as otherwise provided herein, either party may
submit the issue to binding arbitration in accordance with the
then-existing Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration
Association. The arbitration shall be conducted in Sarasota, Florida, and
conducted by a single arbitrator, knowledgeable in Internet and
e-Commerce. The party bringing the action shall be responsible for paying
all costs for arbitration, including the arbitrator's fees.  Each
party shall bear its own attorneys' fees.  The arbitrator shall have
no authority to award any punitive or exemplary damages; certify a class
action; add any parties; vary or ignore the provisions of these Terms and
Conditions; and shall be bound by governing and applicable law. This
Section shall not apply to any breach (or any allegation which if true
would constitute a breach) of Sections VII or VIII.
D.
Assignment. The rights and liabilities of the parties hereto will
bind and inure to the benefit of their respective assignees, successors,
executors, and administrators, as the case may be. Neither these Terms and
Conditions nor any rights granted hereunder may be sold, leased, assigned
or otherwise transferred, in whole or in part by you.
E.
Severability. If for any reason a court of competent
jurisdiction or arbitrator finds any provision of these Terms and
Conditions, or any portion thereof, to be unenforceable, that provision
will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible and the remainder of
these Terms and Conditions will continue in full force and
effect.
F.
No Waiver. Failure by either party to enforce any provision
of these Terms and Conditions will not be deemed a waiver of future
enforcement of that or any other provision, and no waiver of one breach
will constitute a waiver of subsequent breaches of the same or of a
different nature.
G.
Complete Agreement. These Terms and Conditions constitute the
entire agreement between the parties with respect to your access and use
of any of the Sites and the Materials contained therein, and your
membership with any of the Sites, and supersedes and replaces all prior or
contemporaneous understandings or agreements, written or oral, regarding
such subject matter (except for any Download Agreement or similar contract
governing the parties' rights and responsibilities in connection with an
Materials downloaded from a Site). No amendment to or modification of
these Terms and Conditions will be binding unless in writing and signed by
a duly authorized representative of both parties.
H.        Relationship Between the
Parties.  Aphhroditas is an independent contractor; nothing
in these Terms and Conditions shall be construed to create a partnership,
joint venture or agency relationship between the
parties.
I.
Headings. Section and subsection headings of these Terms and
Conditions are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to
constitute a part hereof nor to affect the meaning
thereof
J.
Force Majeure. Aphhroditas shall not be responsible for any
failure to perform due to unforeseen circumstances or to causes beyond its
reasonable control, including but not limited to:  acts of God; war,
riot, embargoes, acts of civil or military authority, or terrorism; fire,
flood, earthquakes, hurricanes, tropical storms or other natural
disasters; fiber cuts; strikes, or shortages in transportation,
facilities, fuel, energy, labor or materials; failure of the
telecommunications or information services infrastructure; hacking, SPAM,
or any failure of a computer, server or software, including Y2K errors or
omissions, for so long as such event continues to delay Aphhroditas's
performance.
K.
Export. You understand and acknowledge that the software
elements of the Materials may be subject to regulation by agencies of the
U.S. Government, including the U.S. Department of Commerce, which
prohibits export or diversion of software to certain countries and third
parties. You will not assist or participate in any such diversion or other
violation of applicable U.S. laws and regulations. You warrant that you
will not license or otherwise permit anyone not approved to receive
controlled commodities under applicable U.S. laws and regulations and that
you will abide by such laws and regulations.
L.
Government Rights. The software elements of the Materials
have been developed at private expense and is "commercial computer
software" or "restricted computer software" within the meaning of the
FARs, the DFARs, and any other similar regulations relating to government
acquisition of computer software. Nothing contained herein will be deemed
to: (1) grant any government agency any license or other rights greater
than are mandated by statute or regulation for commercial computer
software developed entirely at private expense, or (2) restrict any
government rights in any extensions or custom solutions provided hereunder
and developed at government expense.
M.       Other
Jurisdictions.  Aphhroditas makes no representation that this Site
or any of the Materials contained herein are appropriate or available for
use in other locations, and access to them from territories where their
content may be illegal or is otherwise prohibited. Those who choose to
access this Site from such locations do so on their own initiative and are
solely responsible for compliance with all applicable local laws.
XVIII.  CONSUMER RIGHTS INFORMATION --
CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS ONLY
This Section applies only to California
residents.  In compliance with Section 1789 of the California Civil
Code, please note the following:
Contact
Information:
1549 State Street, Sarasota FL 34237
Users
who wish to gain access to the members-only section of any of the Sites
must be a member in good standing. Aphhroditas posts the current membership
fees for each Site prior to the registration page for each Site.
Aphhroditas reserves the right to change the membership fees at any
time.  Users may contact Aphhroditas at: webmaster@aphroditas.com in
order to resolve any billing disputes or to receive further information
about any of the Sites.
COMPLAINTS CALIFORNIA
RESIDENTS
The
Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the
Department of Consumer Affairs may be contacted in writing at 1020 N.
Street, #501, Sacramento, CA 95814, or by telephone at
1-916-445-1254.
XIX.
PRIVACY POLICY.
Aphroditas Productions, Inc. recognizes the importance of protecting your privacy.
You may view our Privacy Policy at the following location:privacy.html
XX. CUSTODIAN OF RECORDS. All
persons who appear in any visual depiction contained on all sites were 18 (eighteen)
years of age or older at the time of the creation of such depictions. The
records required by Section 2257 of Title 18 of the United States Code
with respect to visual depictions of actual sexually explicit conduct are
kept by the custodian of
records. The custodian can be reached electronically at webmaster@Aphhroditas.com.
XXI. CUSTOMER SUPPORT
QUESTIONS.Customer Support is provided by Aphroditas Productions, Inc.
to customers at the following location: webmaster@aphroditas.com
Go Back