http://www.bustynetwork.com/legal/privacy-policy.html
Toggle navigation
Videos
All Videos
Most Recent Videos
Top Rated Videos
Most Viewed Videos
Random Videos
Categories
Pornstars
Members
Get Instant Access
Legal
Please take a minute to read the following policy so you understand how we use the personal information we ask you to submit. As we update and expand our services, this policy may change, so please refer back to it periodically. If you use any of our services provided by bustynetwork.com, you agree to these terms and conditions.
Background
When you register at bustynetwork.com , we ask you for your personal information. We use this information to process your orders and to communicate with you about the status of your orders. We may also use your e-mail address to send you messages about special offers being made available by bustynetwork.com , promotional announcements and/or consumer surveys. If you no longer want to receive e-mails containing promotional announcements and/or consumer surveys, simply reply to the e-mail and request to be unsubscribed.
Collection and Use of Information
When you first register at bustynetwork.com , we ask you for your e-mail address, your telephone number, and that you create a password. We then ask you for your full name, physical address, and credit card number, so we can correctly process the service. We use your telephone number only if there is an issue, not for marketing purposes. We will never rent or sell your name, address, email address, credit card information or personal information to any third party without your permission.
You must certify that you are at least 18 years old. All individuals under eighteen (18) years of age are strictly prohibited from using the services provided by bustynetwork.com . If you want to update your address or change credit cards, go to your Account page and make the appropriate changes. You must be logged in with bustynetwork.com
to access your Account page.
E-mail Options
When registering at bustynetwork.com , we may subscribe you to various e-mail publications. You can find more information on these programs, including information on how to unsubscribe, by going to the bustynetwork.com
Account Page.
Viewing and Updating Your Information on bustynetwork.com
You can always access the personal information you have provided to bustynetwork.com
by clicking on Account at the top of the page. You can make changes to this information to update your account anytime.
Cookies
As you browse the bustynetwork.com
site, cookies are placed on your computer's hard drive. (Cookies are small pieces of data that are sent to your browser from a Web server and stored on your hard drive.) Cookies allow us to track the items you select, and help us match your address and credit card information with your order so you don't need to retype the information each time you visit our site.
If your browser is set to not accept cookies, you will not be able to use the bustynetwork.com
site or service.
We also use cookies to gather usage information, such as the number and frequency of visitors to our site and its various pages. Third parties may serve some of these cookies. We analyze this data to determine which parts of our site customers like and which parts need improvement. Automatically logged information is also used to analyze trends and to administer the site.
Disclosure
Except as described in this section, we will not sell, rent or disclose your personally identifying information to third parties without notifying you of our intent to share the information and giving you an opportunity to prevent your information from being shared.
We occasionally use other companies, agents or contractors to perform services necessary to our operations. For example, we have partnered with other companies to personalize our Web pages, process credit card transactions, analyze customers' interaction with our site and process consumer surveys. In the course of providing such services, these companies may have contact with your personally identifying information. By contractual agreement, these companies must treat your information in accordance with this Policy. We will not be liable for any damages that may result from the misuse of your personal information by these companies.
From time to time, we may partner with companies whose products we believe will interest our users. In conjunction with these partners, we occasionally send promotional announcements to particular customers. We do not automatically include our users in any particular marketing promotion; instead, we use a variety of factors, including user activity at the bustynetwork.com
site, to determine the appropriate users. We may use a vendor to carry out these mailings. However, the partner company never sees your e-mail address or any other information that could identify you or be used to contact you directly.
Any exceptions to this policy of sharing your name, address or e-mail address with a partner company will be done only with your permission. bustynetwork.com
also reserves the right to disclose information when required to do so by law. Customers should check back for updates to this policy. bustynetwork.com
will obtain e-mail consent from any user if the company is going to be using the information collected in a manner different from that stated when the user registered.
Security and Access
For transmitting your personal information to us, we use a secure server (SSL), which encrypts all of your personal information. This encryption process ensures that the information you give us is protected against unauthorized access.
We have implemented technology and security features, as well as strict internal guidelines, to safeguard the privacy of your personal information from unauthorized access or improper use. We will continue to enhance our security procedures as new technology becomes available. While we make every effort to ensure that your information is secure on our system, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk.
Contact
If you have questions concerning your account, please contact Customer Service. If you have questions concerning this privacy policy, please contact support@bustynetwork.com
18 U.S.C. 2257 Recording-Keeping Requirements Compliance Statement | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
© 2013 bustynetwork.com.
HD Porn
Scenes
Pornstars
Support
My Account
Support
Lost Password?
Resources
Webmasters
If you need more information or for any other questionsPlease visit
SegPay, our authorized sales' agents.