http://www.mistressfiera.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Lewis C. Williams
operates Mistressfiera.com and may operate other Mistressfiera.com.
It is Lewis C. Williams  policy to
respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating
our Mistressfiera.com.
Mistressfiera.com Visitors
Like most Mistressfiera.com
operators, Lewis C. Williams  collects
non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and
servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language
preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Lewis
C. Williams ’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is
to better understand how Lewis C. Williams
visitors use its Mistressfiera.com. From time to time,Lewis C. Williams
may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate,
e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its Mistressfiera.com.
Lewis C. Williams  also collects potentially
personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for
logged in users and for users leaving comments on Mistressfiera.com
blogs/sites. Lewis C. Williams  only discloses logged in user and
commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses
personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP
addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators
of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Lewis
C. Williams ’s Mistressfiera.com choose to interact with Lewis C. Williams  in ways that require Lewis C. Williams  to gather personally-identifying information.
The amount and type of information that Lewis C. Williams  gathers depends on the nature of the
interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at Mistressfiera.com to
provide a userLewis C. Williams  and
email address. Those who engage in transactions with Lewis C. Williams  are asked to provide additional information,
including as necessary the personal and financial information required to
process those transactions. In each case, Lewis C. Williams  collects such information only insofar as is
necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction
with Lewis C. Williams . Lewis C. Williams
does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as
described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply
personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them
from engaging in certain Mistressfiera.com-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Lewis C. Williams  may collect statistics about the behaviour of
visitors to its Mistressfiera.com. Lewis C. Williams  may display this information publicly or
provide it to others. However, Lewis C. Williams  does not disclose personally-identifying
information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Lewis C. Williams  discloses potentially personally-identifying
and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees,
contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information
in order to process it on Lewis C. Williams
behalf or to provide services available at Lewis C. Williams  Mistressfiera.com, and (ii) that have agreed
not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and
affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Lewis
C. Williams  Mistressfiera.com, you
consent to the transfer of such information to them. Lewis C. Williams  will not rent or sell potentially
personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other
than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described
above, Lewis C. Williams  discloses
potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only
in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Lewis
C. Williams  believes in good faith that
disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Lewis
C. Williams , third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered
user of an Lewis C. Williams  Mistressfiera.com
and have supplied your email address Lewis C. Williams  may occasionally send you an email to tell
you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with
what’s going on with our products. If you send us a request (for example via
email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish
it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support
other users. Lewis C. Williams  takes all
measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use,
alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying
information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of
information that a Mistressfiera.com stores on a visitor’s computer, and that
the visitor’s browser provides to the Mistressfiera.com each time the visitor
returns. We use cookies to help Lewis C. Williams  identify and track visitors, their usage of Mistressfiera.com,
and their Mistressfiera.com access preferences. Visitors who do not wish to
have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse
cookies before using Lewis C. Williams  Mistressfiera.com,
with the drawback that certain features of our Mistressfiera.com may not
function properly without the aid of cookies.
Ads
Advertising partners, who
may set cookies, may deliver ads appearing on any of our Mistressfiera.com to
users. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time
they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or
others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among
other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most
interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Lewis C.
Williams  and does not cover the use of
cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are
likely to be minor, Lewis C. Williams
may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Lewis C.
Williams  sole discretion. we encourage
visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy.
If you have a Mistressfiera.com account, you might also receive an alert
informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any
change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Search for:
Pages
About
Contact
Home
Privacy Policy
December 2020
M
T
W
T
F
S
S
« Mar
123456
78910111213
14151617181920
21222324252627
28293031
What Do You Actually Do With Clients?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R3ALfQiQTQc