http://www.jackstroker.com/legal/privacypolicy.shtml
Privacy Policy - Jack Stroker
Click Here Now for Instant Access to Hot Latina Porn from 8th Street Latinas!
Privacy Policy
At Jack Stroker your privacy is our top priority. You can feel confident that when submitting information to Jack Stroker all of your information will be kept strictly confidential. No e-mail addresses, names, and or any other information will be sold or given to anyone else. This policy is strictly enforced. If you have any questions or comments feel free to contact me.
Free Porn in Your E-Mail:
This service is provided to you by my sponsors in conjunction with Jack Stroker. Don't worry that they will spam you or sell your e-mail address to anyone. First, it is as simple as clicking a link in your e-mail to un-subscribe and get off the list. Second, they want you to enjoy these free offers, so that you may use their premium services. Have no fear, I have personally joined all of the lists and later canceled my subscription. The only other e-mail I got was one confirming that I wanted off the list. Also, if your experience is any different please let me know so that I can investigate the situation. I don't want to offer you anything that I have not tested personally.
Erotic Greetings:
This is service is provided to you exclusively by Jack Stroker. The only information that is required is the name and e-mail address of the sender and recipient. This information is needed to personalize the greeting and to know where to send the greeting. All greetings are keep completely private. The only way anyone can read a greeting is if they have the unique number of the greeting which is sent to the recipient when the greeting is sent.
Cougars Crave Kittens - MILF Lesbians Seducing Teen Babes - Click Here! Home | Thumbs | Links | Vid Clips | Adult Humor Erotic Stories | Adult Personals | Live Sex Shows
Premium Site Index Index of the Hottest Porn Sites Listed by Category
Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Feedback | 2257 | Webmasters | Mobile Site | RSS Feeds Copyright © 		 Jack Stroker http://www.jackstroker.com All rights reserved.
Only a Counter