http://www.freepornthumbnails.com/legal#terms
CategoriesSearch2257Terms of ServicePrivacyDMCACommunity Guidelines18 U.S.C. § 2257 Statement
Any actual human beings depicted in images appearing on this website were over the age of 18 years at the time those images were recorded.
Exemption: Content Produced by Third Parties
The operators of this website are not the "producers" of any depictions of actual or simulated sexually explicit
conduct which may appear on this website.
More specifically, the operators of this website limit their handling
of such content, and only perform the activities of transmission, storage, retrieval, hosting, and/or formatting of
material that may depict sexually explicit conduct, all of which material appears on the website as the result of
actions taken by third-party users of the website.
All portions of the website that contain such user-generated
material are under the control of the relevant user, for whom this website is provided as an online service by its
operators.
Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 2257(h)(2)(B)(v) and 47 U.S.C. § 230(c), the operators of this website reserve
the right to delete materials appearing on the site as the result of actions taken by the website's users, which
materials are deemed, in the operator's sole discretion, to be indecent, obscene, defamatory, or inconsistent with the
policies and terms of service for this website.
Exemption: Content Produced by Website Operators
To the extent that any images appear on the website, for which the operators of this website may be considered the
"producer," those images are exempt from the requirements of 18 U.S.C. § 2257 and 28 C.F.R. § 75 for one or more
of the following reasons: (i) the produced images do not portray any sexually explicit conduct defined in 18 U.S.C.
§§ 2256(2)(A); (ii) the produced images do not portray depictions of the genitals or pubic area created after July 27,
2006; (iii) the produced images do not portray simulated sexually explicit activity occurring after the effective date
of 18 U.S.C. § 2257A; and/or (iv) the produced images were created prior to July 3, 1995.
Designated Records Custodian
Without limiting in any way the applicability of the above-stated exemptions, the operators of this website have
designated the custodian, whose address appears below, to be the keeper of original records described in 18
U.S.C. § 2257 and 28 C.F.R. § 75 for all materials appearing on this website that fall into the following categories:
(i) marketing and advertising materials that contain visual depictions of actual or simulated sexually explicit
conduct, which materials have been acquired or created by the website's operators for the purpose of promoting the
website; or (ii) materials that are not exempt, as described above.
The aforementioned records and their custodian can be found at the following location:
Custodian of Records
Foshan Ltd.
Suite 9, Ansuya Estate,
Revolution Avenue,
Victoria, Mahe,
Seychelles
Nothing further follows.
Terms of Service
Created: 06/07/2013
Last Updated: 04/07/2014
Introduction
Welcome to freepornthumbnails.com (the “Site”).
Thank You for visiting and have a great time!
The Site shall sometimes be referred to as (“We”, “Us”, “Our”, and “Ours”).
You shall sometimes be referred to as (“You”, “Your”, “Yours”, “Yourself”).
You and the Site shall also sometimes be referred to as the “Party” in the singular and the “Parties” in the plural.
It is important to us that You, and Our other visitors, have the best possible experience while using the Site and that when you use this Site you are fully aware of your respective legal rights and obligations.
For that reason, we have created these Terms of Service as the legally binding terms to govern your use of this Site.
The Terms of Service shall sometimes be referred to as (the “Agreement”).
This Site is owned and operated by Foshan Limited, a Republic of Seychelles company.
All comments, complaints or support related issues shall be submitted electronically to the Site by electronic mail to: support@customerhelponline.com.
Please read these Terms of Service carefully before using the Site, because they affect your legal rights and obligations.
If you do not agree with these Terms of Service or any part hereof then please leave the Site immediately.
These Terms of Service constitute a legally binding contract between you and the Site.
By utilizing the Site you agree that you have consulted with an attorney of your own choosing and at your own expense in order to fully understand all of your legal rights and obligations as a result of utilizing the Site and these Terms of Service.
1. Your Acceptance
By using or visiting the Site or any of the Site's products, software, data feeds, and services provided to You on, from, or through the Site (collectively the "Services"), you signify your agreement to: (1) these terms and conditions (the "Terms of Service"); (2) Our Privacy Policy incorporated herein by reference; and (3) Our Community Guidelines also incorporated herein by reference.
If You do not agree to anything contained in these Terms of Service, the Privacy Policy, or the Community Guidelines, please do not use the Services.
From time to time, We may revise this Agreement.
We reserve the right to do so, and You agree that We have this right.
You agree that all modifications or changes to this Agreement are in force and enforceable immediately upon posting.
Any updated or edited version supersedes any prior versions immediately upon posting, and the prior version is of no continuing legal effect unless the revised version specifically refers to the prior version and keeps the prior version or portions thereof in effect.
To the extent any amendment of this Agreement is deemed ineffective or invalid by any court, the Parties intend that the prior, effective version of this Agreement be considered valid and enforceable to the fullest extent.
We agree that if We change anything in this Agreement, We will change the “Last Updated” date at the top of this Agreement so that it is immediately obvious that We have updated the Agreement.
A link to the Agreement is available at the bottom of the home page of the Site.
You agree to periodically re-visit this web page, and to use the “refresh” button on Your browser when doing so.
You agree to note the date of the last revision to this Agreement.
If the “Last Updated” date remains unchanged from the last time You reviewed this Agreement, then You may presume that nothing in the Agreement has been changed since the last time You read it.
If the “Last Updated” date has changed, then You can be certain that something in the Agreement has been changed, and that You need to re-review it in order to determine how Your rights and responsibilities may have been affected by the revisions.
Following your notice of any modifications to this Agreement, if you do not agree to any portion of the modifications, you should terminate your use of the Site immediately.
Your continued use of the Site now, or following the posting of notice of any changes to these Terms of Use, shall constitute a binding acceptance by You of these Terms of Service, or any subsequent modifications.
Waiver if You fail to periodically review this Agreement to determine if any of the terms have changed, You assume all responsibility for your failure to do so and You agree that such failure amounts to Your affirmative waiver of Your right to review the amended terms.
We are not responsible for Your neglect of Your legal rights.
2. Service
These Terms of Service apply to all users of the Services, including users who are also contributors of Content on the Services.
“Content” includes the text, software, scripts, graphics, photos, sounds, music, videos, audiovisual combinations, interactive features and other materials You may view on, access through, or contribute to the Services.
The Services includes all aspects of the Site, including but not limited to all products, software and services offered via the Site.
The Services may contain links to third party websites that are not owned or controlled by Us.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party websites.
In addition, We will not and cannot censor or edit the content of any third-party websites.
By using the Service, You expressly relieve Us from any and all liability arising from Your use of any third-party website.
Accordingly, We encourage You to be aware when You leave the Site and to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of each other website that You visit.
Sexually Explicit Material and Minors
This Site contains information, links, images, audio, and videos of sexually explicit material (collectively, the "Sexually Explicit Material").
Please leave the Site immediately if:
You are not at least Eighteen (18) years of age or the age of majority in each and every jurisdiction in which You will or may view the Sexually Explicit Material, whichever is higher (the “Age of Majority”);
the Sexually Explicit Material offends You; or
viewing the Sexually Explicit Material is not legal in each and every community where You may view it.
By choosing to enter and continue to utilize the Site, you are affirming under oath and penalties of perjury that all of the following statements are completely true and correct:
I have attained the Age of Majority in my jurisdiction;
The Sexually Explicit Material that I am viewing is for my own personal use and entertainment and I will not expose any minor to the Sexually Explicit Material;
I desire to receive, view and/or download the Sexually Explicit Material;
It is my legal right to receive, view, and/or download the Sexually Explicit Material;
I believe that sexual acts between consenting adults are neither offensive nor obscene and I desire to view and/or download the Sexually Explicit Material;
The viewing, reading and downloading of Sexually Explicit Material does not violate the standards of any community, town, city, state or country where I will be viewing, reading and/or downloading the Sexually Explicit Material;
I am solely responsible for any false disclosures or legal ramifications of viewing, reading or downloading any of the Sexually Explicit Material.
I further agree that neither the Site nor its affiliates, agents and operators can or will be held responsible for any legal ramifications arising from any fraudulent entry into or use of the Site;
I understand and agree that my use of the Site is governed by these Terms of Service, Our Community Guidelines, and the Site's Privacy Policy, which I have carefully reviewed and unconditionally accepted, and I agree to be legally bound by these Terms of Service, the Community Guidelines and Privacy Policy.
I further agree that I have had the time and opportunity to consult with an attorney of my own choosing before agreeing to be bound by these Terms of Service, the Community Guidelines and the Site's Privacy Policy;
I agree that by entering the Site, registering to become a member, viewing and/or downloading any of the Sexually Explicit Material, I am subjecting myself, and any business entity in which I have any legal or equitable interest, to the personal jurisdiction of the Republic of Seychelles, should any dispute arise at any time between the Site, myself and/or such business entity; and
I agree that the Sexually Explicit Materials displayed on the Site are intended to be used by responsible adults as sexual aids, to provide sexual education and to provide sexual entertainment.
3. Account Access and Membership
Access and Limited License - All users of the Site may access certain public areas of the Site.
You understand that all We are providing You is access to Our Services as We provide them from time to time.
You need to provide Your own access to the Internet, and any Internet access or other fees that You incur to access Our Site and use Our Services are Your sole responsibility.
We are not providing any hardware nor software to You and You need to purchase or license the necessary hardware and software to access the Site and Services.
This Agreement covers all public and non-public areas of the Site.
By accessing the Site, You certify that: (a) You are using the Site solely for personal, noncommercial purposes; (b) You will not copy or distribute any part of the Site without Our prior written authorization; and (c) You will fully comply with these Terms of Service, Our Privacy Policy, and Our Community Guidelines.
Membership or User Account - Although much of the Site is available without creating an account, to access certain features of the Site and Services, You must register as a member of the Site.
In connection with completing the Registration, You agree to provide true, accurate, current and complete information about Yourself as prompted by the registration (such information being the “Registration Data”); and You further agree to maintain and promptly update the Registration Data to keep it true, accurate, current and complete at all times while You are a member.
As part of registration, You will be issued or choose a unique username and password which You must provide in order to gain access to the non-public portions of the Site.
You certify that when asked to choose a username You will not choose a name which may falsely represent You as somebody else or a name which may otherwise be in violation of the rights of a third-party.
You are permitted to create one account only.
Your membership may not be transferred or sold to a third party.
You are solely responsible for the activity that occurs on Your account, and You must keep Your account password secure.
You must notify the Site immediately of any breach of security or unauthorized use of Your account.
Premium Upgrade Certain features of the Site are offered in consideration of You paying a monthly fee.
Our current and controlling premium upgrade rates appear on the Site.
You will be automatically rebilled according to Your selected payment option for an amount equal to the membership rate that you selected.
By purchasing a premium upgrade, you understand and agree to the following:
that We employ an automatic rebill procedure in order to provide continuity of service;
that all of the information that You provide Us during the signup/registration process, and in any other interaction with Us, shall be truthful, correct, current and complete;
that if any of the information that You provide Us during the signup/registration process is false, misleading, incomplete, or inaccurate, Your membership shall be immediately terminated and You shall be responsible for any costs and/or expenses of any kind that We incur as a result of your breach of this provision;
that We have the unrestricted right to terminate Your membership at any time for any reason whatsoever;
that You will never, sell, transfer, lend, or lease Your membership to any third party;
that We may automatically generate invitations to complete membership application for Our other partner or affiliated websites when You register for membership with the Site (You will not be charged for Our other partner of affiliated websites unless You affirmatively choose to complete their membership application and complete their registration process);
that all membership fees paid to the Site are non-refundable and You are solely responsible for any and all credit card charge back fees, dishonored check fees and any related fees that We incur with respect to Your account; and
that if You believe that You have been erroneously billed, You must notify Us immediately.
If You do not notify Us of a billing error within Thirty (30) days after any alleged billing error appears on any account statement, such fee(s) shall be deemed acceptable by You for all purposes, including but not limited to, resolution of inquiries made by Your credit card issuer.
You hereby release Us from all liabilities and claims of loss resulting from any error or discrepancy that is not reported to Us within Thirty (30) days of its publications.
Termination of Your Membership or User Account -
You may cancel Your membership at any time by visiting this link: http://www.customerhelponline.com.
This Agreement's provisions shall survive its termination, unless otherwise stated.
Upon Our processing of Your request to cancel Your member account, You will no longer have access to the non-public areas of the Site to which You were a member.
Without limiting other remedies, We may immediately issue a warning, temporarily suspend, indefinitely suspend, or terminate Your access and use of the Site and Services at any time, with or without advance notice, if:
We believe, in Our sole discretion, that You have breached any material term of this Agreement or the document(s) it incorporates by reference;
We are unable to verify or authenticate any information You provide to Us;
We believe, in Our sole discretion, that Your actions may cause legal liability for You, Our Users or Us; or
We decide to cease operations or to otherwise discontinue any services or options provided by the Site or parts thereof.
You agree that neither Us nor any third party acting on Our behalf shall be liable to You for any termination of Your account or access to any part of the Site or Services.
You agree that if Your access is terminated by Us, You will not attempt to regain access to the Site using the same or different username without prior written consent from Us.
In order to maintain the integrity of the Site and Services, or to investigate complaints, You agree to allow Us to access Your account and any other information You have submitted or created for as long as reasonably required to investigate the complaint or protect the Services.
You agree that You will not use Our Services to publicly discuss any infractions, warnings, or bannings.
You must discuss any concerns about such topics with Us directly.
If You provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or if We or any of Our authorized agents have reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, We have the right to suspend or terminate Your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Site and Services by You, as well as subjecting You to criminal and civil liability.
If applicable, You are responsible for any credit card charge-backs, dishonored checks and any related fees that Site incurs with respect to Your account.
If You fail to reimburse Us for any credit card charge-backs, dishonored checks, or related fees within thirty (30) days of Our initial demand for reimbursement, You agree that You will pay Us one hundred dollars ($100.00) in additional liquidated damages as well as any costs incurred by Us for each fee incurred.
The Site and its affiliates disclaim any and all liability arising from fraudulent entry and use of the Site.
If a user fraudulently obtains access, the Site may terminate membership immediately and take all necessary and appropriate actions under applicable federal, state, and international laws.
We take credit card fraud very seriously. Discovery that any member has used a stolen or fraudulent credit card will result in the notification of the appropriate law enforcement agencies and termination of such member's account.
4. General Use of the Service Permissions and Restrictions
We hereby grant You permission to access and use the Services as set forth in these Terms of Service, provided that:
You agree not to distribute in any medium any part of the Services or the Content without Our prior written authorization, unless We make available the means for such distribution through functionality offered by the Service (such as our embeddable player);
You agree not to alter or modify any part of the Services;
You agree not to access Content through any technology or means other than the video playback pages of the Services itself, our embeddable player, or other explicitly authorized means We may designate;
You agree not to use the Services for any of the following commercial uses unless you obtain Our prior written approval:
the sale of access to the Services;
the sale of advertising, sponsorships, or promotions placed on or within the Services or Content; or
the sale of advertising, sponsorships, or promotions on any page of an ad-enabled blog or website containing Content delivered via the Services, unless other material not obtained from the Site appears on the same page and is of sufficient value to be the basis for such sales.
Prohibited commercial uses do not include:
uploading an original video to the Site, or maintaining an original channel on the Site, to promote Your business or artistic enterprise;
showing Our videos through Our embeddable player on an ad-enabled blog or website, subject to the advertising restrictions set forth above; or
any use that We expressly authorizes in writing.
If you use Our embeddable player on Your website, You may not modify, build upon, or block any portion or functionality of the embeddable player, including but not limited to links back to the Site;
You agree not to use or launch any automated system, including without limitation, "robots," "spiders," or "offline readers," that accesses the Services in a manner that sends more request messages to the Site's servers in a given period of time than a human can reasonably produce in the same period by using a conventional on-line web browser. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Site grants the operators of public search engines permission to use spiders to copy materials from the Site for the sole purpose of and solely to the extent necessary for creating publicly available searchable indices of the materials, but not caches or archives of such materials. The Site reserves the right to revoke these exceptions either generally or in specific cases.
You agree not to collect or harvest any personally identifiable information, including account names, from the Services, nor to use the communication systems provided by the Services (e.g., comments, email) for any commercial solicitation purposes.
You agree not to solicit, for commercial purposes, any users of the Services with respect to their Content; and
In Your use of the Service, you will comply with all applicable laws.
We reserve the right to discontinue any aspect of the Services at any time.
5. Your Use of Content
In addition to the general restrictions above, the following restrictions and conditions apply specifically to Your use of Content.
The Content on the Services, and the trademarks, service marks and logos ("Marks") on the Services, are owned by or licensed to the Site, subject to copyright and other intellectual property rights under the law;
Content is provided to you AS IS.
You may access Content for Your information and personal use solely as intended through the provided functionality of the Services and as permitted under these Terms of Service.
You shall not download any Content unless You see a “download” or similar link displayed by the Site on the Services for that Content.
You shall not copy, reproduce, distribute, transmit, broadcast, display, sell, license, or otherwise exploit any Content for any other purposes without the prior written consent of the Site or the respective licensors of the Content.
The Site and its licensors reserve all rights not expressly granted in and to the Services and the Content;
You agree not to circumvent, disable or otherwise interfere with security-related features of the Services or features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any Content or enforce limitations on use of the Services or the Content therein; and
You understand that when using the Service, You will be exposed to Content from a variety of sources, and that We are not responsible for the accuracy, usefulness, safety, or intellectual property rights of or relating to such Content.
You further understand and acknowledge that You may be exposed to Content that is inaccurate, offensive, indecent, or objectionable, and You agree to waive, and hereby do waive, any legal or equitable rights or remedies You have or may have against Us with respect thereto, and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, agree to indemnify and hold harmless the Site, its owners, operators, affiliates, licensors, and licensees to the fullest extent allowed by law regarding all matters related to Your use of the Services.
6. Your Content and Conduct
As a freepornthumbnails.com account holder, You may submit Content to the Services, including videos and user comments.
You understand that freepornthumbnails.com does not guarantee any confidentiality with respect to any Content You submit;
You shall be solely responsible for Your own Content and the consequences of submitting and publishing your Content on the Services.
You affirm, represent, and warrant that You own or have the necessary licenses, rights, consents, and permissions to publish Content you submit; and You license to the Site all patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights in and to such Content for publication on the Service pursuant to these Terms of Service;
For clarity, You retain all of your ownership rights in your Content.
However, by submitting Content to the Site, You hereby grant the Site a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, sublicenseable and transferable license to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display, and perform the Content in connection with the Service and the Site's (and its successors' and affiliates') business, including without limitation for promoting and redistributing part or all of the Services (and derivative works thereof) in any media formats and through any media channels.
You also hereby grant each user of the Service a non-exclusive license to access Your Content through the Services, and to use, reproduce, distribute, display and perform such Content as permitted through the functionality of the Services and under these Terms of Service.
The above licenses granted by You in video Content You submit to the Service terminate within a commercially reasonable time after You remove or delete Your videos from the Services.
You understand and agree, however, that We may retain, but not display, distribute, or perform, server copies of Your videos that have been removed or deleted.
The above licenses granted by You in user comments You submit are perpetual and irrevocable;
You further agree that Content You submit to the Service will not contain third party copyrighted material, or material that is subject to other third party proprietary rights, unless You have permission from the rightful owner of the material or You are otherwise legally entitled to post the material and to grant the Site all of the license rights granted herein;
You further agree that You will not submit to the Services any Content or other material that is contrary to the Site's Community Guidelines, which may be updated from time to time, or contrary to applicable local, national, and international laws and regulations; and
The Site does not endorse any Content submitted to the Service by any user or other licensor, or any opinion, recommendation, or advice expressed therein, and We expressly disclaim any and all liability in connection with Content.
We do not permit copyright infringing activities and infringement of intellectual property rights on the Service, and We will remove all Content if properly notified that such Content infringes on another's intellectual property rights. We reserve the right to remove Content without prior notice.
7. Account Termination Policy
We will terminate a user's access to the Services if, under appropriate circumstances, the user is determined to be a repeat infringer.
We reserve the right to decide whether Content violates these Terms of Service for reasons other than copyright infringement.
We may at any time, without prior notice and in Our sole discretion, remove such Content and/or terminate a user's account for submitting such material in violation of these Terms of Service.
8. Warranty Disclaimer
YOU AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES SHALL BE AT YOUR SOLE RISK. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, freepornthumbnails.com, ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AND AGENTS DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICES AND YOUR USE THEREOF. freepornthumbnails.com MAKES NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THIS SITE'S CONTENT OR THE CONTENT OF ANY SITES LINKED TO THIS SITE AND ASSUMES NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY (I) ERRORS, MISTAKES, OR INACCURACIES OF CONTENT, (II) PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF OUR SERVICES, (III) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF OUR SECURE SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION AND/OR FINANCIAL INFORMATION STORED THEREIN, (IV) ANY INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF TRANSMISSION TO OR FROM OUR SERVICES, (IV) ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE WHICH MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH OUR SERVICES BY ANY THIRD PARTY, AND/OR (V) ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY CONTENT OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS A RESULT OF THE USE OF ANY CONTENT POSTED, EMAILED, TRANSMITTED, OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE VIA THE SERVICES. freepornthumbnails.com DOES NOT WARRANT, ENDORSE, GUARANTEE, OR ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE ADVERTISED OR OFFERED BY A THIRD PARTY THROUGH THE SERVICES OR ANY HYPERLINKED SERVICES OR FEATURED IN ANY BANNER OR OTHER ADVERTISING, AND freepornthumbnails.com WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO OR IN ANY WAY BE RESPONSIBLE FOR MONITORING ANY TRANSACTION BETWEEN YOU AND THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES. AS WITH THE PURCHASE OF A PRODUCT OR SERVICE THROUGH ANY MEDIUM OR IN ANY ENVIRONMENT, YOU SHOULD USE YOUR BEST JUDGMENT AND EXERCISE CAUTION WHERE APPROPRIATE.
9. Limitation of Liability
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE SITE, ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, OR AGENTS, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM ANY (I) ERRORS, MISTAKES, OR INACCURACIES OF CONTENT, (II) PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF OUR SERVICES, (III) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF OUR SECURE SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION AND/OR FINANCIAL INFORMATION STORED THEREIN, (IV) ANY INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF TRANSMISSION TO OR FROM OUR SERVICES, (IV) ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE, WHICH MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH OUR SERVICES BY ANY THIRD PARTY, AND/OR (V) ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY CONTENT OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS A RESULT OF YOUR USE OF ANY CONTENT POSTED, EMAILED, TRANSMITTED, OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE VIA THE SERVICES, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT THE COMPANY IS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THE FOREGOING LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL APPLY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW IN THE APPLICABLE JURISDICTION.
YOU SPECIFICALLY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT freepornthumbnails.com SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR CONTENT OR THE DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE, OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY AND THAT THE RISK OF HARM OR DAMAGE FROM THE FOREGOING RESTS ENTIRELY WITH YOU.
The Services are controlled and offered by the Site from its facilities in the Republic of Seychelles.
We make no representations that the Services are appropriate or available for use in other locations. Those who access or use the Service from other jurisdictions do so at their own volition and are responsible for compliance with local law.
10. Indemnity
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless the Site, its parent corporation, officers, directors, employees and agents, from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorney's fees) arising from: (i) Your use of and access to the Services; (ii) Your violation of any term of these Terms of Service; (iii) Your violation of any third party right, including without limitation any copyright, property, or privacy right; or (iv) any claim that Your Content caused damage to a third party.
This defense and indemnification obligation will survive these Terms of Service and Your use of the Services.
11. Ability to Accept Terms of Service
You affirm that You are either more than 18 years of age, or the age of majority in the jurisdiction which You are accessing any portion of the Services.
12. Jurisdiction and Choice of Law
The material and all other content in and on this Site are presented solely for the purpose of providing entertainment and information.
These Terms of Service, Our Privacy Policy, Our Community Guidelines, any claim or controversy and all other use of the Site shall be construed and governed by, the laws of the Republic of Seychelles, without giving effect to principles of conflicts of laws.
You agree that the Services shall be deemed solely based in the Republic of Seychelles and the Services shall be deemed a passive website that does not give rise to personal jurisdiction over the Site, either specific or general, in jurisdictions other than the Republic of Seychelles.
The Parties agree that any dispute between them arising out of or related to these Terms of Service, Our Privacy Policy, Our Community Guidelines, any claim or controversy and all other use of the Site shall be resolved by binding arbitration conducted under the rules of the Commercial Code of the Republic of Seychelles in effect as of the date any such action is initiated.
This is an exclusive remedy.
Unless another venue is agreed to by all parties, any arbitration conducted shall take place in the Republic of Seychelles.
The arbitration and proceedings related thereto shall be conducted in English.
A single arbitrator will make a determination and render an award within Thirty (30) days of the close of evidence in such arbitration proceeding.
The Parties waive right to jury trial and agree that the arbitration award will be final and binding and that judgment will be entered thereon in any court of competent jurisdiction.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Party may seek immediate judicial intervention to obtain injunctive relief.
In addition, any party may bring an action in a court of competent jurisdiction to enforce (i) the Arbitration, Venue, and Governing Law provisions hereof and (ii) any arbitration award rendered hereunder, and any such action shall not be deemed a waiver of this arbitration requirement or any other provision hereof.
The venue for any and all legal proceedings (as permitted by the preceding paragraph) arising from or connected with these Terms of Service, Our Privacy Policy, Our Community Guidelines, any claim or controversy and all other use of the Site, shall be exclusively in the Republic of Seychelles and no Party shall have the right to challenge venue based upon forum non-conveniens or otherwise.
In the event that You or the Site commences any claims, actions, formal legal action, or arbitration to interpret and/or enforce any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, or relating in any way to this Agreement, including without limitation asserted breaches of representations and warranties, the prevailing party in any such action or proceeding shall be entitled to recover, in addition to all other available relief, its reasonable attorneys' fees and costs incurred in connection therewith, including attorneys' fees incurred on appeal.
We make no representation(s) of any kind whatsoever that the Site or any of the material located on the Site are appropriate or available for use in other locations, and access to them from territories where their subject matter may be illegal or is otherwise prohibited.
Those who choose to access the Site from any such location(s), do so at their own risk shall be solely responsible for compliance with all applicable local laws and regulations.
YOU AND THE SITE AGREE THAT ANY CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE SERVICES MUST COMMENCED WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES. OTHERWISE, SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION IS PERMANENTLY BARRED.
13. Notice
Any notice required under these Terms of Service or in any of your interactions with the Site may be provided by email to a functioning email address of the party to be noticed, by a general posting on the Site, or personal delivery by a commercial carrier.
Notices shall be deemed effective upon delivery.
Any correctly addressed notice that is refused, unclaimed, or undeliverable, because of an act or omission of the party to be notified, shall be deemed effective as of the first date that said notice was refused or deemed undeliverable by the postal authorities, messenger, facsimile machine, email server, or overnight delivery service.
Either party may change the address to which notice is to be sent by written notice to the other party pursuant to this section of these Terms of Service.
14. Force Majeure
You agree that We are not responsible to You for anything that We may otherwise be responsible for, if it is the result of events beyond Our control, including, but not limited to, acts of God, war, insurrection, riots, terrorism, crime, labor shortages (including lawful and unlawful strikes), embargoes, postal disruption, communication disruption, unavailability of payment processors, failure or shortage of infrastructure, shortage of materials, or any other event beyond Our control.
15. Severability
If any provision of these Terms of Service shall be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable for this Agreement and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
This is the entire agreement between the Parties relating to the matters contained herein.
16. Non-Waiver
We reserve all rights afforded to Us under these Terms of Service as well as under the provisions of any applicable law.
Our non-enforcement of any particular provision of these Terms of Service or any applicable law shall not be construed as Our waiver of the right to enforce that same provision under the same or different circumstances at any time in the future.
17. Assignment
You may not assign Your rights and/or obligations pursuant to these Terms of Service to any other party without Our prior written consent.
We reserve the right to assign Our rights and/or obligations pursuant to these Terms of Service to any other party in Our sole and absolute discretion.
18. Headings
All headings are solely for the convenience of reference and shall not affect the meaning, construction or effect of these Terms of Service.
19. Complete Agreement
These Terms of Service, Our Privacy Policy and Our Community Standards constitute the entire legally binding agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof.
These Terms of Service supersede and replace all prior understandings or agreements, whether written or oral and regardless of the subject matter thereof.
Nothing further follows.
Privacy Policy Last Updated: 09/13/2013
Thank you for visiting our website, a Foshan Limited (“Foshan”) product and/or service ("we" “our” or "us").  Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy, we provide this policy explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the collection and use of the personally identifiable information you submit on our online and mobile websites, services, and applications (“Site” or “Sites”).  For certain products and/or services, there may be additional notices about information practices and choices.   Please read those additional privacy disclosures to understand how they apply to you.We encourage you to contact an attorney of your own choosing and at your own expense in the event that you do not understand any of the terms contained in this Privacy Policy.  If you do not agree with anything contained in this Privacy Policy then please cease and desist from using any of our Sites, products and/or services immediately.   OUR PRODUCTS AND/OR SERVICES ARE PROVIDED SOLELY TO ADULTS OVER THE AGE OF EIGHTEEN (18) YEARS OR THE AGE OF MAJORITY IN THE JURISDICTION WHICH YOU ARE UTILIZING ANY OF OUR PRODUCTS AND/OR SERVICES.  CERTAIN PORTIONS OF OUR PRODUCTS AND/OR SERVICES MAY CONTAIN CONTENT CONSIDERED OFFENSIVE TO SOME, AND ARE INACCESSIBLE TO INDIVIDUALS UNTER THE AGE OF EIGHTEEN (18) YEARS OR THE AGE OF MAJORITY IN THE JURISDICTION WHICH YOU ARE UTILIZING ANY OF OUR PRODUCTS AND/OR SERVICES.  FOR THOSE PORTIONS OF OUR PRODUCTS AND/OR SERVICES THAT MAY BE ACCESSIBLE TO INDIVIDUALS UNDER THE AGE OF EIGHTEEN (18) YEARS OR THE AGE OF MAJORITY IN THE JURISDICTION WHICH YOU ARE UTIZLING ANY OF OUR PRODUCTS AND/OR SERVICES, SUCH AS ANY OF OUR SITES’ HOMEPAGES AND OTHER AREAS PRESENTING NON-OFFENSIVE CONTENT, WE HAVE NO INTENTION OF COLLECTING ANY PERSONALLY IDENTIFABLE INFORMATION.  PERSONS UNDER THE AGE OF EIGHTEEN (18) YEARS OR THE AGE OF MAJORITY IN THE JURISDICTION WHICH YOU ARE UTILIZING ANY OF OUR PRODUCTS AND/OR SERVIFCES SHOULD NOT SUBMIT ANY INFORMATION TO ANY OF OUR SITES.  IF A MINOR HAS PROVIDED US WITH ANY PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION, A PARENT OR GUARDIAN OF THAT MINOR SHOULD CONTACT US AT THE EMAIL ADDRESS LISTED BELOW IMMEDIATELY.Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Privacy Policy, we make no representations or warranties of any kind whatsoever for information that you publish on any of our Sites, regardless of whether any such information is published voluntarily or involuntarily.  Our Sites may contain a social networking component and you are utilizing our Sites with a full understanding and assumption of risk related to any and all information that you publish.
INFORMATION WE COLLECTRegistration and account information collected. At some of our Sites, you can register to order products and/or services, become a member, read user reviews, enter contests, vote in polls, rate products and/or services, or otherwise express an opinion, subscribe to one of our services such as our electronic newsletters, or participate in one of our online forums or communities.  In the course of using our Sites, we may ask you to create an account or complete an application by providing us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you, as well as to administer your account.  The types of personally identifiable information that you provide as part of your account may include: name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, fax number, credit card and billing information, and other information that you provide to us.Information from other sources. We may, on occasion and in our sole and absolute discretion, combine information we receive online with outside records and use such information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.Social media. You can also engage with our content and other offerings, such as videos, and applications, on or through third-party social media sites, plug-ins and applications.  You may also choose to link your account with us to third party social media sites.  When you link your account or engage with our content on or through third party social media sites, services, plug-ins, or applications, you may allow us to have ongoing access to certain information from your social media account.  We may also receive non-personally identifiable information from your interaction with our content. When you provide information to a Site from your social media account, it can help enable us to do things like: (i) give you exclusive content, (ii) personalize your online experience with us within and outside our Sites, and (iii) contact you through the social media sites or directly with the latest news, special offerings, and rewards.  By providing such information, you consent to the use of the information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you post information or content, such as by posting photos, commenting on a blog, or participating in online forums or communities at our Sites, or when you interact with our Sites through social media sites, plug-ins or other applications, depending on your privacy settings, this information may become public on the Internet.  You expressly understand that we cannot prevent further use of this information.  You can control what data you share through privacy settings available on some social media sites.  For more information about how you can customize your privacy settings and how third party social media sites handle your personally identifiable information, please refer to their privacy help guides, privacy policies and terms of use.  We make no warranties or representations of any kind whatsoever regarding how third party social media sites handle information posted through your account.  Additionally, we make no warranties or representations of any kind whatsoever regarding the security of any information or content that you publish on any of the Sites.  Information collection from mobile devices.  If you access our Sites, on your mobile telephone or other mobile device, we also may collect your unique device identifier and mobile device IP address, as well as information about your device’s operating system, mobile carrier, and mobile Internet browsers, your precise location information, and other information described in this Privacy Policy. Providing requested information. In some cases, only persons who provide us with the requested personally identifiable information will be able to order products, and services, or otherwise participate in the Site's offerings. Technical and usage information.  We also collect certain non-personally identifiable information when you use our Sites such as but not limited to, the type of browser you are using, the type of operating system you are using, the domain name of your Internet service provider or mobile carrier, IP address, and certain usage information.
HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION Providing our products and services.  We use the information we collect about you to fulfill your requests for our products, programs, and services, to respond to your inquiries about our offerings, to provide, personalize, and improve our offerings and to offer you other products, programs or services from us and our affiliates, business partners, and selected third parties that we believe may be of interest to you. The information we collect in connection with our online forums and communities is used to provide an interactive experience.  We use this information to facilitate participation in these online forums and communities and, from time to time, to offer you products, programs, or services. If you choose to submit content for publication, we may publish your screen name and other information you have provided to us on our Sites, the Internet, or elsewhere.  Any content that you submit for publication shall immediately and irrevocably become our sole and exclusive property. Communications.  We use information about you to communicate with you, including but not limited to: to notify you when you have won one of our contests or when we make changes to our user agreements, to fulfill a request by you for an online newsletter, to confirm purchases you have made through our Sites, or to contact you about your account with us.  You may also choose to receive push notifications from us on your mobile device.We use the information that you provide about others to enable us to send them invitations, gifts, cards, or other content on your behalf or through our Sites.  From time to time, we also may use this information to offer products, programs, or services to them.Mobile Device Data Usage. When you access our Sites on a mobile device, we may use the information collected for any of the purpose whatsoever so long as it complies with the terms set forth in this Privacy Policy. Use of non-personally identifiable information. We use aggregate information about our users and non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the design, functionality and content of our Sites and to enable us to personalize your experience with our Sites and offerings.  We use this information to (i) provide, maintain, personalize, protect, improve, and develop our products, programs, and services and to operate our business, (ii) to analyze usage and performance of our Sites, and (iii) for us and our affiliates, business partners, and selected third parties to offer you products, programs, or services.
INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURELegal and law enforcement purposes.  We may disclose personally identifiable information in response to legal process, including but not limited to court orders and subpoenas, or in response to a law enforcement agency's request.  We also may disclose such information to third parties in connection with fraud detection, and prevention activities or where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of any of our terms of use or other policies, to protect our rights and the rights of others, and as otherwise required by law. You understand and agree that we maintain the option, in our sole and absolute discretion, to inform you of any disclosure of your personally identifiable information for legal and law enforcement purposes.  Change of control.  We may transfer any information about you in the event of a business transaction, such as if we or one of our business units or our relevant assets are acquired by, sold to, or merged with another company. Our Vendors and service providers.  Our agents, employees and contractors may have access to personally identifiable information to help carry out the services they are performing for us. Affiliates and other third parties. We may disclose personally identifiable information about you to companies whose practices are not covered by this Privacy Policy. We may also share such information with business partners and third parties, such other marketers, publishers, retailers, participatory databases and non-profit organizations, that want to market products or services to you.  Linked third-party sites.  Some of our Sites contain links to other sites whose information practices may be different from ours.  You should consult the other sites' privacy policies before submitting any information, as we have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties.  We make no representations or warranties as to any content located on any linked sites and you hereby assume all risks associated with visiting said linked sites. Sponsors and co-promotions. We sometimes may offer content or programs that are sponsored by or co-branded with identified third parties.  By virtue of these relationships, the third parties may obtain personally identifiable information that visitors voluntarily submit to participate in the activity.  We have no control over these third parties' use of this information.   Advertisement servers.  At some of our Sites, reputable third parties may present or serve advertisements, provide us with data collection, reporting, ad response measurement, and site analytics, and assist with delivery of relevant marketing messages and advertisements.  These third parties may view, edit, or set their own cookies.  The use of these technologies by these third parties is subject to their own privacy policies and is not covered by this Privacy Policy.  They may also obtain information about other applications that you have downloaded to your mobile device, the mobile websites you visit, and other information about you or your device in order to help analyze and serve anonymous targeted advertising on the Site and elsewhere.
YOUR CHOICES Marketing Communications. We provide you with an opportunity to express your preferences with respect to receiving certain marketing communications from us or from unaffiliated third parties.  If you ever decide in the future that you would like to update these preferences, (i) you may log into your account if you have created an account with us at one of our Sites to adjust your settings, (ii) you may follow the “unsubscribe” instructions provided in any marketing email you receive from us, or (iii) you may send us an email at support@customerhelponline.com and we will edit your preferences accordingly.  If you previously chose to receive push notifications on your mobile device from us but no longer wish to receive them, you can manage your preferences either through your device or app settings, depending on the type of device.Uninstalling a Mobile Application.  If you no longer wish to have any information collected by the Site, you may uninstall the application by using the standard uninstall processes available on your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.  We make no representation of any kind as to the accessibility or stability of your wireless network and/or cellular service provider.
COOKIES AND OTHER TECHNICAL INFORMATION Cookies and Web beacons.  We, and our affiliates, third party service providers, and our business partners may send "cookies" to your computer or use similar technologies to enhance your online experience at our Sites.  "Cookies" are files that can identify you as a unique customer and store your personal preferences as well as technical information.  Cookies manage and measure the performance of advertisements displayed on or delivered by or through us and/or other networks or sites.  Cookies can either be persistent (i.e., they remain on your computer until you delete them) or temporary (i.e., they last only until you close your browser).Some of our Sites may use locally stored objects (sometimes referred to as "Flash cookies") to provide certain content, such as video on demand, video clips, or animation.  Adobe's Flash player and similar applications use this technology to remember settings, preferences, and usage similar to browser cookies.  Flash cookies are not managed through your web browser, but you can access your Flash management tools from Adobe's web site.We may also use "Web beacons" that monitor your use of our Sites.  Web beacons are small strings of code that provide a method for delivering a graphic image on a Web page for the purpose of transferring data, such as the IP (Internet Protocol) address of the computer that downloaded the page on which the Web beacon appears, the URL (Uniform Resource Locator) of the page on which the Web beacon appears, the time the page containing the Web beacon was viewed, the types of browser that fetched the Web beacon and the identification number of any cookie on the computer previously placed by that server. When corresponding with you via HTML capable email, Web beacons let us know whether you received and opened our email.On their own, cookies or Web beacons do not contain or reveal any personally identifiable information.  However, if you choose to furnish personally identifiable information, this information can be linked to the data stored in the cookies/Web beacons.Managing cookies and Web beacons.  By accepting this Privacy Policy, you specifically agree to our use of cookies and Web beacons as described herein.  You may adjust your browser to reject cookies from us or from any other Web site.  Additionally, by setting your Web browser to display HTML emails as text only, you may be able to prevent the use of some Web beacons. Please consult the "Help" section of your browser for more information. However, certain areas of our Sites can only be accessed in conjunction with cookies or similar devices and you should be aware that disabling cookies or similar devices might prevent you from accessing some of our content or Site features.
SECURITY   We have put in place reasonable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures designed to safeguard the information we collect online at the Sites.  Despite the reasonable security measure that we have created, we cannot assure you that personally identifiable information that we collect will never be used or disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy.
INFORMATION UPDATES AND/OR CORRECTIONSTo access the personally identifiable information that our Sites have collected about you online from the pages on which this Privacy Policy is posted, to correct factual errors in such information, or to update your interests, preferences or other portions of your user profile, please log into your account if you have created one with us or send an email to support@customerhelponline.com.To help protect your privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to help verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
CALIFORNIA RESIDENTSIf you are a California resident, you have the right to receive: a) information identifying any third-party company to whom we may have disclosed, within the past calendar year, personal information pertaining to you and your family for our direct marketing purposes; and b) a description of the categories of personal information disclosed.   To obtain such information you must make a request in writing.  Your request will not be processed if it does not include your name and email address, the URL for the website you visited, and a return address.  We will not honor such requests more than once per calendar year. Please email your request to support@customerhelponline.com.
CANADIAN PRIVACY RIGHTSOur services may be subject to Canadian law, and in specific in relation to online privacy, to the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (S.C. 2000, c. 5).  If you believe that we have violated your privacy rights in any way, please contact us immediately at support@customerhelponline.com.  You may visit www.priv.gc.ca for more information about your privacy rights.
PRIVACY POLICY UPDATES   We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time and provide such amendments to you by posting a revised version on our Site.  If the revised version includes a substantial change, we will provide you with Thirty (30) days’ notice prior to the effectiveness thereof by posting notice of the change in a prominent place on the Site, such as presenting to you a click-through page immediately following your account login.  Otherwise, in the case of insubstantial changes, the revised version will be effective at the time we post it.  In any event, we will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent, and we expect most changes will be minor.  Each version of this Privacy Policy will be identified at the top of the page by its Last Modified date, and we will also keep prior versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review.
CONTACT US   If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or its implementation you may contact us at: support@customerhelponline.com.
HEADINGSDescriptive headings are for convenience only and shall not control or affect the meaning or construction of any provision of this Privacy Policy.Nothing further follows.
Digital
Millenium Copyright Act (“DMCA”)
Copyright
Infringement Notification Instructions
Thank you for visiting our website (the "Website"). These Copyright Infringement Notification Instructions are for copyright
related claims only. Should you have any comments, questions, concerns, or issues related to abuse, harassment, inappropriate
content, or privacy issues, please email us at abuse@foshanltd.com.
By utilizing the Website you agree that you have consulted with an attorney of your own choosing and at your own expense
in order to fully understand all of your legal rights and obligations as a result of utilizing the Website and these Copyright
Infringement Notification Instructions.
WARNING: PURSUANT TO 17 U.S.C. § 512(k), ANY PERSON WHO KNOWINGLY MATERIALLY MISPRESENTS
THAT MATERIAL OR ACTIVITY IS INFRINGING MAY BE SUBJECT TO LIABILITY OR DAMAGES. DO NOT
MAKE FALSE CLAIMS OF COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT.
Should you desire to review the full Bill Text of the Digital Millenium Copyright Act (“DMCA”), you may click HERE or should you desire to review a memorandum summarizing each title of the DMCA you may click HERE.  The information contained at the afore-mentioned linked webpages is for your convenience only and we make no promises or representations related to the information contained therein including its accuracy.
Pursuant to 17 U.S.C. §512(k)(1) of the DMCA, this Website is a “Service Provider” and is entitled to certain protections commonly referred to as the “Safe Harbor” provisions.
Claim of Infringement-
If you believe that someone has posted material that infringes your copyright, a notification of a claimed copyright infringement
must be provided via email or regular mail to us and must include the following information (the list below comes substantially
straight from the statute 17 U.S.C. §512(c)(3); if you do not understand the language please seek independent legal advice):
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;
Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site;
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the material;
Information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted;
A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;
Please send your Claim of Infringement to:
Email: dmca@foshanltd.com
Failure to submit copyright infringement notifications as described above will result in no legal notice or action on behalf of Foshan Limited.
Claim of Infringement Counter-Notification-
If you have received a Copyright Infringement Notification and you feel that material you have placed online that has been
removed following an infringement complaint is in fact not an infringement, you may file a counter- notification. 17 U.S.C. §512
(g)(3) requires that to be valid, the counter-notification must be written and addressed to our designated agent (listed above) and
must provide the following information (the list below comes straight from the statute; if you do not understand the language
please seek independent advice):
Identification of the specific URLs of material that the Website has removed or to which the Website has disabled access;
Your full name, address, telephone number, and email address;
The statement: "I consent to the jurisdiction of the Federal District Court for the district in which my address is located, or if my address is outside of the United States, the judicial district in which the Website is located, and will accept service of process from the claimant";
The statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that I have a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of a mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled"; and
Signature.  A scanned physical signature or a valid electronic signature will be accepted.
Our designated agent will present your counter-notification to the Complaining Party. Once your counter- notification has been
delivered, Foshan Limited, is allowed under the provisions of 17 U.S.C. §512 to restore the removed material in no less than
10, nor more than 14, business days, unless the Complaining Party notifies us that it has filed an action seeking a court order to
restrain you, the subscriber, from engaging in infringing activity related to the material on Foshan Limited's system or network.
Please note that when we forward the counter-notification to the Complaining Party, it includes your personal information. By
submitting a Counter-Notification, you consent to having your information revealed in this way.
Foshan Limited is not required to respond to counter-notifications that do not meet the requirements above.
Claim of Infringement Retractions-
In the event that after you submit a Copyright Infringement Notification, you realize that you have either misidentified content,
failed to comply with the requirements of the DMCA or that you simply changed your mind, you may retract your Copyright
Infringement Notification by sending us a Notification of Retraction with all of the following:
A statement indicating that you are retracting your Copyright Infringement Notification;
The complete and specific URL of the material in question;
An electronic signature; and
A copy of your original Copyright Infringement Notification.
Repeat Offenders-
This Website terminates the account(s) of any repeat copyright infringer, when appropriate and maintains a Repeat Infringer
Policy pursuant to 17 U.S.C. § 512(i).
* * *
These Copyright Infringement Notification Instructions may be and shall be modified from time to time without notice.
You are solely responsible for regularly reviewing these Copyright Infringement Notification Instructions.
Our Copyright Infringement Agent is not associated with this Website or the legal entity that controls this Website. Do
not send any other information or material to our DMCA Agent.
Community Guidelines
Last Updated: 06/07/2013
Without our express written authorization, You may not:
Upload, post, or otherwise make available files or products that contain images, photographs, software or other material protected by intellectual property laws, including, by way of example, and not as limitation, copyright or trademark laws (or by rights of privacy or publicity) unless You own or control the rights thereto or have received all necessary consents to do same;
Upload, post, email or otherwise transmit any submission that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable;
Harm or unlawfully exploit minors in any way (including but not limited to uploading, posting, emailing, or otherwise transmitting any submission involving a minor);
Upload, post, email otherwise transmit any submission depicting animal cruelty;
Impersonate any person or entity, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent Your affiliation with a person or entity;
Forge headers or otherwise attempt to disguise the origin of any submission transmitted through the freepornthumbnails.com;
Upload, post, email or otherwise transmit any submission that You do not have a right to transmit under contractual or fiduciary relationships (such as inside information, proprietary and confidential information learned or disclosed as part of employment relationships or under nondisclosure agreements);
Upload, post, email or otherwise transmit any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, "junk mail," "spam," "chain letters," "pyramid schemes," or any other form of solicitation, except in those areas that We may designate for such purpose;
Interfere with or disrupt freepornthumbnails.com, or servers or networks connected to freepornthumbnails.com, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks or third party providers connected to, or providing freepornthumbnails.com;
Intentionally or unintentionally violate any applicable local, state, national or international law, and any regulations having the force of law;
"Stalk" or otherwise harass another member or User of freepornthumbnails.com;
Collect or store personal data about other Users, or Members, including via the use of any data mining, bots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools;
Duplicate any part of freepornthumbnails.com or the materials contained therein or received via the Services (except as expressly provided elsewhere);
Create any derivative works based on freepornthumbnails.com or any of the materials contained therein or received via the Services, and You agree and stipulate that any and all derivative works are NOT "fair use";
Use freepornthumbnails.com or the Services, or any of the materials contained therein, for any public display, public performance, sale or rental, and You hereby agree and stipulate that any and all such uses are NOT "fair use";
Re-distribute or "scrape" freepornthumbnails.com or any of the materials contained therein or received through the Services, and You hereby agree and stipulate that any and all such uses are NOT "fair use";
Remove any copyright or other proprietary notices from freepornthumbnails.com or any of the materials contained therein;
Frame or utilize any framing techniques in connection with freepornthumbnails.com or any of the materials contained therein;
Use any meta-tags or any other "hidden text" using freepornthumbnails.com's name or marks, and You hereby stipulate that any use of freepornthumbnails.com's name or marks, or any other marks owned by Us is an infringement upon Our trademark rights, and You stipulate to liquidated damages of five thousand dollars ($5,000) per such infringement, plus You agree to pay any and all fees incurred in the recovery of this amount, including attorney's fees and all associated costs;
Circumvent any encryption or other security tools used anywhere on freepornthumbnails.com or in conjunction with the Services (including the theft of user names and passwords or using another person's user name and password in order to gain access to a restricted area of freepornthumbnails.com);
Sell, rent, lease, license, sublicense, transfer, distribute, re-transmit, time-share, use as a service bureau or otherwise assign to any third party the materials or Services or any of Your rights to access and use the materials or Services as granted specifically by freepornthumbnails.com's Terms of Service;
Use Our Services for any commercial purpose unless expressly agreed to by Us in writing and at Our sole discretion.
Without such consent by Us, Your use of the Site and Services is strictly for personal use;
Share any information provided to You by another member unless such member has given you permission to do so;
Use any material or information, including images or photographs, which are made available through the Services in any manner that infringes any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, or other proprietary right of any party;
Upload files that contain viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancelbots, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of another's property or of freepornthumbnails.com and Services;
Download any file posted by another user of a Service that You know, or reasonably should know, cannot be legally distributed in such manner;
Falsify or delete any author attributions, legal or other proper notices or proprietary designations or labels of the origin or source of software or other material contained in a file that is uploaded;
Restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the Services;
Publish falsehoods or misrepresentations that could damage freepornthumbnails.com or any third party;
Post advertisements or solicitations of business;
Use the Services in connection with unlawful contests, lotteries, or gambling; pyramid schemes, chain letters, junk email, spamming or any duplicative or unsolicited messages (commercial or otherwise);
Organize and/or participate in any funds transfer or any asset transfer arrangement organized by any member You meet on freepornthumbnails.com;
Request or send money, or any other form of financial assistance, from or to any member that You encounter on this Site;
Harvest or otherwise collect information about others, including e-mail addresses or other personally-identifiable information;
Create a false identity, including misrepresented real age, location, country of residence, country of origin, religion, height, weight, and any other item of personal description for the purpose of misleading others;
Provide personal contact information such as email address, telephone numbers, street address or similar personally-identifying information in Your member profile or any other publicly-viewable posts.