http://www.comeasyouare.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Order by December 20th for holiday delivery in Canada! We're offering same-day delivery and curbside pick-up in Toronto! Shipping is free within Canada on orders over $55!
Search
Log in
Sign up
Wishlist
Cart
(0)
Checkout
Menu
Curbside Pick-up:254 Augusta Ave, TorontoWeekdays 9AM - 5PMWeekends 11AM - 6PM
Shop
Sex Toys
+
Sex Toys
-
Vibrators
Dildos
Strap-ons & Harnesses
Anal Toys
BDSM & Powerplay
Sleeves & Insertion Toys
Rings & Things
Lubes
Condoms & Safer Sex Gear
Massage & Sensuals
Pumps & Suction
Kegels & Pelvic Health
Sounds & Sounding
Gender Gear
Sex Shapes & Furniture
Vegan Sex Toys
Locally Made Sex Toys
Vibe Batteries & Chargers
Vibrators
+
Vibrators
-
G-Spot Vibrators
Suction Vibrators
Motion Vibrators
Wand Vibrators
Rechargeable Vibrators
Battery Vibrators
Anal Vibrators
Mini Vibrators
Remote Control Vibrators
External Vibrators
Lubricants
+
Lubricants
-
Water-based Lubricants
Oil-based Lubricants
Silicone-based Lubricants
Organic Lubricants
Paraben-free Lubricants
Vegan Lubricants
Fertility Lubricants
Lubricant Samples & Travel Sizes
View All Lubes
Condoms & Safer Sex
+
Condoms & Safer Sex
-
Condoms
Gloves
Dams
Finger Cots
Non-Latex Condoms & Barriers
Vegan Condoms & Barriers
Singles & Bulk Condoms
Massage
Books
+
Books
-
Sex Educational
BDSM & Powerplay
Erotica & Romance
Relationships
Sex Culture & Politics
Sex Work
Gender
Kids, Parents, and Teens
Biography & Memoir
Erotic Art & Comics
Colouring Books
Zines
DVDs
Clothing & Linens
Patches, Stickers & Pins
Sex Toy Cleaners
Kegels & Pelvic Health
On Sale Sex Toys
Best Selling Sex Toys
New Sex Toys
Log in
Sign up
Information
FAQs
Customer Service Info
About Us
Core Values & Culture
Sex Information
Events
GenderGear
Contact Us
Search
Sex Information
How to Choose the Perfect Holiday Gift
Learn How To Choose An Eco-Friendly Sex Toy
Learn About Anal Toys
Learn About BDSM and Powerplay
Learn About Condoms
Learn About Dilators and Dilator Exercises
Learn About Dildos
Learn About Erections & Erectile Dysfunction
Learn About Kegel Exercises
Learn About Lube
Learn About Masturbation Sleeves
Learn About Pumping
Learn About Rings
Learn About Safer Sex with Sex Toys
Learn About Sex and Aging
Learn About Sex and Allergies
Learn About Sex and Disability
Learn About Sex and Unwanted Pain
Learn About Sex Toy Materials
Learn About Strap-On Harnesses
Learn About the G-Spot
Learn About Vibrators
Learn How to Choose Your First Sex Toy
Valentine's Day Sex Dos and Don'ts
Home
›
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Come As You Are/CAYA Co-operative Ltd. website. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name
Address
Email address
Phone number
Credit Card Information
On some pages, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient's address. In this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are:
Name
Address
Phone Number
You will also be prompted to indicate how you prefer to be contacted, and whether or not you would like to subscribe to our e-mail newsletter.
The Way We Use Information
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We offer gift receipts by which you can personalize a product you order for another person. Information you provide to us to create a gift receipt is only used for that purpose, and it is only disclosed to the person receiving the gift.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
You will be prompted to indicate if you would like to receive our newsletter. Information you submit on our website will not be used for this purpose unless you opt-in to the newsletter upon checkout.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How You Can Access Your Information
You can subscribe, unsubscribe, or update your subscription to our e-mail or paper newsletter on our newsletter page or you contact us by e-mail at info@comeasyouare.com or by phone at 416-504-7934 or by mail at PO BOX 99900 EC 649 470, Toronto, Ontario K0K 0B8.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at 416-504-7934 or 1-888-504-7934, send us an email at info@comeasyouare.com, or contact us via regular mail at PO BOX 99900 EC 649 470, Picton, Ontario K0K 0B8