http://www.nubiles.net/terms.html
Create an Account
×
Please provide your email, and desired password for your membership.
Email
Password
Cancel
Continue
×
What are you waiting for?
$29.32
/month
$21.25
/month
$16.58
/month
BEST VALUE
Videos
Photos
Models
Tags
Cams
Upcoming
Hardcore
A-Z
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
GET ACCESS
Search
Sign In
Forgot Login?
Network
Network - 18 sites included!
Nubiles-Porn.com
StepSiblingsCaught.com
MomsTeachSex.com
BadTeensPunished.com
PrincessCum.com
NubilesUnscripted.com
Nubiles-Casting.com
Nubiles.net
PetiteHDPorn.com
DriverXXX.com
PetiteBallerinasFucked.com
TeacherFucksTeens.com
BountyHunterPorn.com
DaddysLilAngel.com
MyFamilyPies.com
DetentionGirls.com
NubilesET.com
FamilySwap.xxx
Additional Sites
NubileFilms.com
Become a Member!
×
Sorry, this feature is for members only!
Join now to get all the great features!
Close
Sign me up!
Terms & Conditions/User
Agreement
Effective Date: Sept 04 2012
Last Modified: Sept 04 2012
Sites Covered by this Agreement:
Nubiles.net
INTRODUCTION – Welcome to Our Site’s
User Agreement (hereinafter “Agreement” or “Terms and Conditions.”)  The provisions of this Agreement will govern
Your use of Our Site, and You should therefore take some time to read the
Agreement carefully.  Our Site contains
advertisements, communications, and links posted by or referring to independent
third parties, over which We exert no control.
We do not get involved in any disputes that may develop between Our
advertisers and others.  Therefore, You
are urged to use Your own good judgment and common sense if responding to such
communications, as We are not responsible for any interactions occurring between
Our Users and any third parties as a result of Your use of the Site.  Various laws protect sites like Ours from
civil claims, so We encourage You to independently research any information
found in advertisements or communications, before making any decisions.  We hope that You thoroughly enjoy Our
services, and anticipate that You will find Our Site useful and
informative.  Should You have any
questions or comments regarding Our Site, or its policies, please feel free to visit our support page for further information.  The laws of your individual city, county,
state, province or nation may regulate the activity discussed or promoted by
the Site, or by third parties communicating on the Site.  Check your local laws before taking party in
any such activities.
PRELIMINARY PROVISIONS
Party Definitions: The operative parties
referred to in this Agreement are defined as follows:
XFC, Inc. is the operator of the above listed Sites.  Hereinafter, XFC, Inc. shall be referred to
as “Company.”  When first-person pronouns
are used in this Agreement, (Us, We, Our, Ours, etc.) these provisions are
referring to Company and/or to any other site that we may choose to operate in
the future.  Additionally, when the terms
“the Site” or “Site” are used, these terms refer to any of the above listed
Sites, any predecessor or successor domain or url, along with any website
published by Us, unless a site is specifically exempt from this Agreement. Our
Site, and the services the Site provides (”Services”), may contain images and
content, including but not limited to text, software, images, graphics, data,
messages, or any other information, and any other website content owned,
operated, licensed, or controlled by the Company (collectively, “Materials”).
You, the User - As the User of this
Site and/or Services, this Agreement will refer to the User as “You” or through
any second-person pronouns, such as “Yours,” etc.  Hereinafter, the User of the Site and/or
Services shall be referred to in applicable second-person pronouns.  You certify that you are over eighteen (18)
years of age.
User vs. Member - For the purposes of this
Agreement, all Members are Users, but not all Users are Members.  This Agreement applies to all Users whether
they are Members or not.  You become a
User by accessing this Site or the Services in any way, therefore You need not
become a Member of the Site to make this Agreement apply to You.  You are not considered a Member as defined by
this Agreement until such time as You have completed the necessary online
membership registration forms (“Registration”).
What this Agreement is: This Agreement is a
legal contract between You and the Company. You should treat it as any other
legal contract by reading its provisions carefully, as they will affect Your
legal rights.  By accessing the Site in
any manner, You are affirmatively agreeing to be bound by all of the terms
contained in this Agreement. You may not pick and choose which terms apply to
You.  If You do not agree with all of the
terms in this Agreement, You must cease all access and use of the Site and any
other services provided by the Company.
Nothing in this Agreement is intended to create any enforcement rights
by third parties.
Consideration: Consideration for Your
acquiescence to all of the provisions in this Agreement has been provided to
You in the form of allowing You to use Our Site and Our Services.  You agree that such consideration is both
adequate, and that it is received upon Your viewing or using any portion of any
of Our Site and/or Services, whether You are a User or Member.
Electronic Signatures /
Assent Required:
Nobody is authorized to access the Site or use the Services
unless they have signed this Agreement.
Such signature does not need to be a physical signature, since
electronic acceptance of this Agreement is permitted by the Electronic
Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act (E-Sign Act) and similar federal
and state laws.  You manifest Your
agreement to this contractual Agreement by taking any act demonstrating Your
assent thereto.  Most likely, You have
clicked or will click a button containing the words “I agree” or some similar
syntax.  You should understand that this
has the same legal effect as You placing Your physical signature on any other
legal contract.  If You click any link,
button, or other device provided to You in any part of Our Site’s interface,
then you have legally agreed to all of these Terms and Conditions.  Additionally, by using any of Our Site or
Services in any manner, including uploading Your Content to Our Site, You
understand and agree that We will consider such use as Your affirmation of Your
complete and unconditional acceptance to all of the terms in this Agreement.
If You fail to sign this Agreement, You understand that You
are an unauthorized user of the Site and Services, despite any payments made or
subscriptions sold to You.  No act or
omission by Us should be interpreted as a waiver of the requirement that You
assent to this Agreement.  If You fail to
do so, You are still bound by the terms of this Agreement by virtue of Your
viewing the Site or using any portion of the Site or Our Services.  However, if You fail to electronically sign
this Agreement, You stipulate to and agree to pay Us two hundred and fifty
dollars ($250) each time You access the Site as liquidated damages for
unauthorized access and use, and You agree to pay all of Our costs and
expenses, including Attorney’s fees and costs, incurred in collecting this
unauthorized access fee from You.
If You are seeking information regarding any illegal
activities, please leave this Site immediately and do not attempt to use the
Services. You acknowledge that You are aware of the community standards in your
community, and You will only access the content on the Site and/or use the
Services if You believe that the content on the Site does not offend the
community standards prevalent in Your community.
You agree not to use the Services or access the Site if
doing so would violate the laws of Your state, province, or country.
Revisions to this
Agreement:
From time to time, We may revise this Agreement.  We reserve the right to do so, and You agree
that We have this unilateral right.  You
agree that all modifications or changes to this Agreement are in force and
enforceable immediately upon posting.
Any updated or edited version supersedes any prior versions immediately
upon posting, and the prior version is of no continuing legal effect unless the
revised version specifically refers to the prior version and keeps the prior
version or portions thereof in effect.
To the extent any amendment of this Agreement is deemed ineffective or
invalid by any court or arbitrator, the parties intend that the prior,
effective version of this Agreement be considered valid and enforceable to the
fullest extent.
We agree that if We change anything in this Agreement, We
will change the “last modified” date at the top of this Agreement so that it is
immediately obvious that We have updated the Agreement.  You agree to periodically re-visit this web
page, and to use the “refresh” button on Your browser when doing so.  You agree to note the date of the last
revision to this Agreement.  If the “last
modified” date remains unchanged from the last time You reviewed this Agreement,
then You may presume that nothing in the Agreement has been changed since the
last time You read it.  If the “last
modified” date has changed, then You can be certain that something in the
Agreement has been changed, and that you need to re-review it in order to
determine how Your rights and responsibilities may have been affected by the
revisions.
Waiver – If You fail to periodically review this Agreement
to determine if any of the terms have changed, You assume all responsibility
for your failure to do so and You agree that such failure amounts to Your
affirmative waiver of Your right to review the amended terms.  We are not responsible for Your neglect of
Your legal rights.
Incorporations by
Reference.  Although this Agreement represents the primary
terms and conditions of service for Our Site, additional guidelines and rules
are hereby incorporated by reference.
The document(s) which can be found on Our Site, and which are
specifically incorporated by reference, and are therefore part and parcel of
this Agreement are the following:
Our
Privacy Policy
EXPLANATION OF ACCESS
AND MEMBERSHIP
Access and limited
license.  All Users may access
certain public areas of the Site.  You
understand that all We are providing You is access to Our Services as We
provide them from time to time, and You understand and agree that We may cease
operating the Site at any time and without notice or damage to You.  You need to provide Your own access to the
Internet, and any Internet access or other fees that You incur to access Our
Site and use Our Services are Your sole responsibility.  We are not providing any hardware nor
software to You – and You need to purchase or license the necessary hardware
and software to access the Site and Services.
This Agreement covers all public and non-public areas of the Site.
Membership:
To access certain features of the Site and Services, You
must register as a Member of the Site.
Membership may not be transferred or sold to a third party.  Membership includes a single-user license to
access the Materials. You are not authorized to share any of Our Materials with
any person who does not have their own membership. If You do so, both You and
the unauthorized viewer/User are jointly and severally liable for any fees that
will be due if there is no Membership in place for the unauthorized User. You
are not permitted to distribute any content from Our Sites through peer-to-peer
networks or any other file sharing platforms.
The Site and its affiliates disclaim any and all liability arising
from fraudulent entry and use of the Site. If a User fraudulently obtains
access, the Site may terminate membership and/or access immediately and take
all necessary and appropriate actions under applicable federal, state, and
international laws.
Membership Fees – You agree to pay all
membership fees when due.  Current
membership packages and fees are disclosed during Registration at the specific
Site for which You have registered.  We reserve
the right to change the Site’s membership fees at any time, with or without
notice to You.
Refunds will be considered on a one by one basis as determined by the site operator
At the time of Registration, You must select a valid payment
method and choose how long You wish to be a Member of the Site.
We reserve the right to contract with a third party entity
to process all payments.  Such third
party entity may impose additional terms and conditions governing its payment
processing services.  You are responsible
for abiding by such stipulations, if applicable.  We disclaim any liability in relation to Your
violation of such stipulations.
You are responsible for any and all fees or penalties that
are associated with Your account.
Members are billed at the designated duration for unlimited content
access only during such duration. You understand that if You become a Member
with a “recurring” membership, We employ an automatic rebill procedure in order
to provide continuity of Service. You may cancel at anytime. For example if You
join the 30 day monthly membership, and cancel the same day, you will have
access for 30 days and will not be billed after the 30 days is up.
Non-recurring memberships do not require a cancellation.
Billing Errors – If You believe that
You have been erroneously billed, please notify Us of such error
immediately.  If You do not notify Us of
within thirty (30) days of the error having occurred, You will have deemed the
alleged error as acceptable for all purposes, including resolution of any
inquires made by or on behalf of Your banking institution.
You are responsible for any credit card charge backs,
dishonored checks, and any related fees that We incur with respect to Your
account. If You fail to reimburse Us for any credit card charge backs,
dishonored checks, or related fees within 30 days of Our initial demand for
reimbursement, You agree that You will pay Us $100 in additional liquidated
damages for each fee incurred.
Termination of Your
Membership or User Account.
You may cancel Your membership at any time by clicking the
Cancel link at the bottom of the Site or by following the cancellation
instructions found here: https://nubiles.net/page/support
Without limiting other remedies, We may immediately issue a
warning, temporarily suspend, indefinitely suspend, or terminate Your access
and use of the Site and Services at any time, with or without advance notice,
if:
We believe, in Our sole discretion, that You have breached
any material term of this Agreement or the document(s) it incorporates by
reference;
We are unable to verify or authenticate any information You
provide to Us;
We believe, in Our sole discretion, that Your actions may
cause legal liability for You, Our Users or Us; or
We decide to cease operations or to otherwise discontinue
any services or options provided by the Site or parts thereof.
You agree that neither the Site nor any third party acting
on Our behalf shall be liable to You for any termination of Your access to any
part of the Site, including but not limited to if the Site ceases operation.
You agree that if Your access is terminated by Us, You will
not attempt to regain access to the Site – using the same or different username
– without prior written consent from Us.
Stolen Cards and
Fraudulent Use of Credit Cards:  We take
credit card fraud very seriously. Discovery that any Member has used a stolen
or fraudulent credit card or other payment method will result in the
notification of the appropriate law enforcement agencies and termination of
such Member’s account.
To access the Site or some of the resources it has to offer,
You may be asked to provide certain registration details or other
information.  In order to verify Your
identity, some of this information may be personal, private or detailed.  In connection with completing the registration,
You agree to provide true, accurate, current and complete information about
Yourself as prompted by the registration (such information being the
"Registration Data"); and You further agree to maintain and promptly
update the Registration Data to keep it true, accurate, current and complete at
all times while You are a Member.  While
we use reasonable efforts to protect the personal information of others from
inadvertent release or misappropriation, We are not responsible for the
intentional or criminal acts of third parties such as hackers or “phishers.”
You must promptly inform Us of all changes, including, but
not limited to, changes in Your address and changes in Your credit card used in
connection with billing and/or payment for the Site and Services, if
applicable. If You provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not
current or incomplete, or if We or any of Our authorized agents have reasonable
grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or
incomplete, We have the right to suspend or terminate Your account and refuse
any and all current or future use of the Site and Services, as well as
subjecting You to criminal and civil liability. If applicable, You are
responsible for any credit card charge backs, dishonored checks and any related
fees that Site incurs with respect to Your account.
You are entirely responsible for any and all activities
conducted through Your account.  You
agree to notify Us immediately of any unauthorized use of Your password or
accounts as well as of any other breach of security.
“Your Content” includes any information, text, images,
video, or other content or media uploaded or otherwise provided by You for Us
to publish or otherwise make available on the Site or Services and which is not
Material otherwise provided by Us.  You
agree that Your Content will comply with all provisions set forth in this
Agreement.
Subject to Your acceptance of this Agreement, We grant You a
limited, nonexclusive, nontransferable personal license to access and use the
Site, Materials, and the Services contained therein. We provide the Materials
and Services on this Site for the personal, non-commercial use by Users of the
Site. Users of this Site are granted a single copy license to view Materials.
All Materials and Services available on the Site shall be
for private non-commercial use only, and all other uses are strictly
prohibited, unless consented to by Us.
If You are a business entity or commercial concern, Your presence on the
Site is not allowed unless it is expressly authorized in writing by Us. We
reserve the right to pursue vigorous legal action against unauthorized login by
business and commercial entities.
We reserve the right to limit the amount of Materials
viewed.  You agree to prevent any
unauthorized copying of the Site, or any of the Materials contained
therein.  Any unauthorized use of the
Site or any of the Materials contained therein terminates this limited license
effective immediately. This is a license to use and access the Site for its
intended purpose and is not a transfer of title.  You will not copy or redistribute any of the
content appearing on this Site.  We
reserve the right to terminate this license at any time if You breach or
violate any provision of this Agreement, in which case You will be obligated to
immediately destroy any information or Materials You have downloaded, printed
or otherwise copied from this Site.
Violators of this limited license may be prosecuted to the fullest
extent under the applicable law.
Service Interruption: From time to time due to technological factors,
scheduled software uploads and other factors beyond Our control, service may be
temporarily interrupted. From time to time certain features of the Site, such
as the Site’s email system, may not be available for use due to technological
and other factors. From time to time, access to the Site and the ability to log
into the Site may not be available due to technological and other factors. You
agree to hold Us harmless against any such interruption of service.
Agreement to Receive
Notifications and Other Communications: We reserve the right to send electronic mail
or other messages to You and to other Members.
You understand and agree that even unsolicited commercial email sent
from Us or Our affiliates is not SPAM as that term is defined under the
law.  The purpose of this communication
may include but is not limited to:
Inform You of any change to the status Your membership;
Provide information to You regarding products or services
offered by Our affiliates or partners; or
Inform You about any of Our related products or services.
SPECIAL CONSIDERATIONS
REGARDING MINORS
Age of Majority.  In order to use the Site or any Services
provided by the Company, You must have attained the age of majority in Your
jurisdiction.  You represent and warrant
You are at least eighteen (18) or twenty-one (21) years of age, depending on
the age of majority in Your jurisdiction, and that You have the legal capacity
to enter into this Agreement.  If You are
not at least eighteen (18) or twenty-one (21) years of age, depending on the
age of majority in Your jurisdiction, You must exit the Site immediately and
may not use or access the Site or use the Services in any manner.
We specifically disclaim any responsibility or liability for
any misrepresentations regarding a User’s age.
You represent and
warrant that You will not allow any minor access to this Site or Services.  Users
should implement parental control protections, such as computer hardware,
software, or filtering services, which may help Users to limit minors’ access
to harmful material.  You acknowledge
that if Your computer or mobile device can be accessed by a minor, that You
will take all precautions to keep Our Materials from being viewed by
minors.  You additionally acknowledge
that if You are a parent, it is Your responsibility, and not Ours, to keep any
age-restricted content from being displayed to Your children or wards.
WE HAVE A ZERO TOLERANCE
POLICY FOR CHILD PORNOGRAPHY AND A ZERO TOLERANCE POLICY REGARDING PEDOPHILES
OR ANY PEDOPHILIC ACTIVITY.
You understand that all
depictions of all persons on this Site and in all Materials produced or
published by Us are of persons over the age of eighteen (18) as of the date of
the production of the depiction.  We take
great measures to ensure that no underage individuals are depicted in any of
Our Materials.
If You seek any form of
child pornography (including so-called “virtual” child pornography), You must
exit this Site and cease using Our Services immediately.  We do not provide this kind of material and
We do not tolerate those who provide this kind of material nor do We tolerate
consumers of this kind of material.
In order to further Our
zero-tolerance policy, You agree that You will report any images, real or simulated,
that appear to depict minors on Our Site.
If You see any images or other depictions that are questionable, You
agree to report these images by emailing Us via webmaster@nubiles.net.
Include with Your report
any appropriate evidence, including the date and time of identification. All
reports will immediately be investigated and the appropriate action will be
taken.
We enthusiastically
cooperate with any law-enforcement agency investigating child pornography, and
comply with Title 18 U.S.C. 2258A relating to the mandatory reporting of actual
child pornography of which We become aware.
If You suspect other outside websites are participating in unlawful
activities involving minors, please report them to a child pornography
reporting service such as ASACP.org;
https://www.asacp.org/index.php?content=report
or the N.C.M.E.C.
Cybertip Hotline:
https://report.cybertip.org/.
IMAGES AND CONTENT
Our Site and Services contain images and content, including
but not limited to text, software, images, graphics, data, messages, or any
other information, and any other website owned, operated, licensed, or
controlled by Us (defined above as “Materials”).
You acknowledge and stipulate that all of the Materials
constitute expressive content that is fully protected by the First Amendment to
the United States Constitution.
You acknowledge and understand that some or all of the
Materials on Our Site and transmitted via Our Services may depict activity that
is restricted to adults, and may therefore be inappropriate for viewing by
minors.  You acknowledge that You are
aware of the nature of the Materials provided by or through the Site and that
You are not offended by such Materials, and that You access the Site and
Services freely, voluntarily, willingly, and for Your own personal enjoyment.
You understand that all of the information, data, text,
images, audio, graphics, messages, or any other content on the Site or
available via the Services, are the sole responsibility of the party from whom
the content originated.  This means that
You are entirely responsible for any and all content that You upload, post,
transmit, e-mail, message, or otherwise publish via Our Services (Your Content).  We are not always able to control the content
posted on the User profiles, forums, or User communications, and as such We do
not guarantee the accuracy, integrity, quality, or any other aspect of such
posted content.  You agree that by using
the Site and Services covered by this Agreement, You very well may be exposed
to content that You might find offensive, indecent, problematic, or otherwise
objectionable.  Under no circumstances
will we accept liability in any way for any content posted by, uploaded
by or transmitted by Our Users.
We are committed to making the use of Our Site a safe and
pleasant experience for Our Members. In order to do this, We reserve the right,
at Our sole discretion and with no obligation to do so, to periodically
monitor, either at random, or selectively, Member profiles, chat sessions, or
forum posts. This includes all communication sent or received through any
communication system offered via the Services.
We further reserve the right, at Our sole discretion and
with no obligation to do so, to delete any content violating the terms within
this Agreement. We may delete any content including pictures, messages, forum
posts, or profiles that are deemed in Our sole discretion to be illegal,
immoral, offensive, or in violation of the letter and spirit of this Agreement
and the purpose of the Site or any of its affiliates, if applicable.
Section 230 Notice: You acknowledge Your responsibility to prevent minors under Your care
from accessing harmful or inappropriate material.  You agree not to allow
minors to view any such content, and You agree to take responsible measures to
prevent them from doing so.  Numerous commercial online safety filters are
available which may help users limit minors' access to harmful or inappropriate material.   Pursuant to 47 U.S.C. §230(d), You are hereby
informed that You can research such services at websites such as: www.getnetwise.org or http://www.rtalabel.org/index.php?content=parents,
among others.  Please note that We make no representation or warranty
regarding any of the products or services referenced on such sites, and We
recommend that You conduct appropriate due diligence before purchasing or
installing any online filter.  You agree to take particular steps to
prevent minors from viewing Our Site or the content received via Our Services
if Your computer or mobile device can be accessed by a minor.  Finally,
You agree that if You are a parent or guardian of a minor child, it is Your
responsibility, not Ours, to keep any age-restricted content on Our Site or
Services from being displayed or accessed by Your children or wards.
Pursuant to the Communications Decency Act (“CDA”), 47
U.S.C. § 230(c)(1), and court
decisions interpreting the scope of the CDA, You acknowledge and understand
that We operate as the provider of an interactive computer service.
Thus, We are immune from, and cannot be held responsible for, claims
arising from the publication or transmission of Your content as well as the
content of other Users and third parties.
We do not create such content, and We are not responsible for the publication
of remarks or communications of third parties that may arguably rise to the
level of being actionable under federal or state laws including, but not
limited to, the publication of material that might be considered defamatory, or
violative of privacy or publicity rights.
Note, that federal law allows Us to remove or block any content found to
be offensive, defamatory, obscene or otherwise violative of Our policies,
without impacting Our status as the provider of an interactive computer
service.  Nothing contained in this
Agreement is intended to limit or alter the immunity from claims provided by
Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act, and no third parties are
intended to benefit from this Agreement between You and Us.
License To Use Your
Information and Content:  Absent any written
agreement executed by Us to the contrary, and with the exception of
personal financial and billing information, You hereby grant to Us the
perpetual, unlimited, royalty-free, worldwide, non-exclusive, irrevocable, transferable
license to run, display, copy, reproduce, publish, bundle, distribute, market,
create derivative works of, adapt, translate, transmit, arrange, modify,
sub-license, export, merge, transfer, loan, rent, lease, assign, share,
outsource, host, make available to any person or otherwise use, any text,
images, data, video or other information and content You provide on or through
this Site or which is sent to Us or others by text, e-mail or other
correspondence, for any purpose whatsoever.
This license shall include the right to copy and transfer Your entire
profile, or portions thereof, and all its content, including text, pictures,
photographs, personal description, forum posts and any contact information, to
any affiliate or related or partner sites of Ours  and to post such content on different pages
of the Site at Our sole discretion.  We
shall not be subject to any obligations of confidentiality regarding any such
information unless specifically agreed by Us in writing or required by law.
By uploading or entering any photographs, videos, text, or
any other content to Your profile or anywhere else on this Site, You hereby
swear that You own or control all intellectual property and publicity rights
with respect to the referenced content; and You hereby irrevocably grant a
non-exclusive right and license to Us to:
Reproduce, transmit, communicate, display, or distribute
Your submitted photographs and content, on or as part of Our Sites, on other
Internet sites, or elsewhere, for promotional or commercial purposes, by means
of any technology, whether now known or hereafter to become known;
Reproduce Your photographs and content in digital form of
display on the Internet (alone or in combination with other works, including,
but not limited to, text, data, images, photographs, illustrations, animation,
graphics, video, or audio segments, and hypertext links);
Adapt, modify, or alter Your photographs and content or
otherwise create derivative works based upon Your photographs and content; and
for all other reasonable promotional or commercial uses either as part of the
operation of Our Site, or as a promotion or operation of any derivative or
related businesses.
RESTRICTIONS AND
REGULATIONS GOVERNING USE OF OUR SITE AND SERVICES:
You agree that You will only use the Site and Services for
purposes expressly permitted and contemplated by this Agreement.  You may not use the Site and Services for any
other purposes, including commercial purposes, without Our express prior
written consent.
Without Our express prior written authorization, You may
not:
Duplicate any part of Our Site or the Materials contained
therein or received via the Services (except as expressly provided elsewhere in
this Agreement);
Create any derivative works based on Our Site or any of the
Materials contained therein or received via the Services, and You agree and
stipulate that any and all derivative works are NOT “fair use”;
Use Our Site or Services, or any of the Materials contained
therein, for any public display, public performance, sale or rental, and You
hereby agree and stipulate that any and all such uses are NOT “fair use”;
Re-distribute Our Site or any of the Materials contained
therein or received through the Services, and You hereby agree and stipulate
that any and all such uses are NOT “fair use”;
Remove any copyright or other proprietary notices from Our
Site or any of the Materials contained therein;
Frame or utilize any framing techniques in connection with
Our Site or any of the Materials contained therein;
Use any meta-tags, pay-per-click advertising, or any other
“hidden text” using Our Site’s name or marks, and You hereby stipulate that any
use of the Site’s name or marks, or any other marks owned by Us is an
infringement upon Our trademark rights, and You stipulate to liquidated damages
of five thousand dollars ($5,000) per such infringement, plus You agree to pay
any and all fees incurred in the recovery of this amount, including attorney’s
fees and all associated costs;
“Deep-link” to any page of Our Site (including the
homepage), or avoid agreement to the Site’s Terms & Conditions; You may
only link to the main entry page;
Circumvent any encryption or other security tools used
anywhere on the Site or in conjunction with the Services (including the theft
of user names and passwords or using another person’s user name and password in
order to gain access to a restricted area of the Site);
Use any data mining, site scrapers, bots, or similar data
gathering and extraction tools on the Site or in conjunction with the Services;
Sell, rent, lease, license, sublicense, transfer,
distribute, re-transmit, time-share, use as a service bureau or otherwise
assign to any third party the Materials or Services or any of Your rights to
access and use the Materials or Services as granted specifically by this
Agreement; or
Use Our Services to transmit content to any other User or
person that may be viewed as defamatory, vulgar, threatening, unlawful,
abusive, tortious, invasive of that person’s privacy, or racially, ethnically,
or otherwise objectionable;
Use Our Services to impersonate any other User or person;
Attempt to disguise Your identity as the originator of any
content You transmit through Our Services;
Transmit any content which may be deemed as unsolicited or
commercial advertising, including but not limited to sending spam, promotional
material, and any other form of solicitation, including soliciting Members to
join or acquire membership at any other website;
Use the Services in connection with unlawful contests,
lotteries, or gambling; pyramid schemes, chain letters, junk email, spamming or
any duplicative or unsolicited messages (commercial or otherwise);
Request or send money, or any other form of financial
assistance, from or to any Member that You encounter on this Site, with the
sole exception of transactions as authorized within the appropriate forum on
the Site;
Defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise violate
the legal rights (such as rights of privacy and publicity) of others;
Publish, post, upload, distribute, traffic or disseminate
any defamatory, obscene, or otherwise unlawful content, such as child
pornography;
Publish, post, upload, distribute or disseminate any topic,
name, material or information that incites discrimination, hate or violence
towards one person or a group because of their belonging to a race, a religion
or a nation;
Upload, or otherwise make available files or products that
contain images, photographs, software or other material protected by intellectual
property laws, including, by way of example, and not as limitation, copyright
or trademark laws (or by rights of privacy or publicity) unless You own or
control the rights thereto or have received all necessary consents to do same;
Use any material or information, including images or
photographs, which are made available through the Services in any manner that
infringes any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, or other proprietary
right of any party;
Upload files that contain viruses, Trojan horses, worms,
time bombs, cancelbots, corrupted files, or any other similar software or
programs that may damage the operation of another’s property;
Download any file posted by another user of the Site and
Services that You know, or reasonably should know, cannot be legally
distributed in such manner;
Falsify or delete any author attributions, legal or other
proper notices or proprietary designations or labels of the origin or source of
software or other material contained in a file that is uploaded;
Restrict or inhibit any other User from using and enjoying
the Services;
Harvest or otherwise collect information about others,
including e-mail addresses or other personally-identifiable information;
Violate any applicable laws, policies, or regulations;
Create a false identity, including misrepresented real age,
location, country of residence, country of origin, religion, height, weight,
and any other item of personal description, for the purpose of misleading
others. Any fraudulent, deceptive or unfair transactions or trade practices are
strictly forbidden.
Restrictions on User Posted Media.  With the exception of allowing
You to link to or post Our Material in certain areas of Our discussion forum, We
do not permit Members to upload or publish visual media, including images,
video and other depictions, which contain any nudity (including display of the
genitals, buttocks and/or the female breast) or sexual activity (including any
form of masturbation, penetration, bestiality, or sado/masochistic behavior).   All persons depicted in Your Content, which
is not provided by Us, images or video must be at least eighteen (18) years of
age when the depiction was created.
We reserve the right to review
and/or reject any content created and/or posted by Members and We may delete
any profiles, forum posts or chat room correspondence without warning, although
the Site undertakes no obligation to monitor User content or take any such
actions.  We encourage Our Members to
report any violations of these restrictions by other Members.  Uploading prohibited depictions violates this
Agreement, and may result in suspension or cancellation of Your account.
You agree to cooperate with Us in causing any unauthorized
use to cease immediately.  You are solely
responsible for submitting any material that violates any United States or international laws
even if a claim arises after Your service is terminated, and by doing so, Your
actions shall constitute a material breach of this Agreement and the Site shall
terminate all of Your rights under this Agreement.  Nothing contained in this Agreement shall
obligate Us to monitor or investigate any use of Our Services by Our Users or
other third parties, other than as required by applicable law.
Interference.  Except where expressly permitted by law or by
Us, You may not translate, reverse-engineer, decompile, disassemble, or make
derivative works from any of Our Materials or any other materials from Our Site.  User hereby agrees not to use any automatic
device or manual process to monitor or reproduce the Site or Materials, and
will not use any device, software, computer code, or virus to interfere or
attempt to disrupt or damage the Site or any communications on it.  If You do not adhere to this provision of
this Agreement, You hereby stipulate to and agree to pay liquidated damages of
five thousand dollars ($5,000) plus any and all fees associated with recovery
of these damages, including attorney’s fees and costs.
STIPULATED LIQUIDATED
DAMAGES:
In various provisions in this Agreement, We have outlined
liquidated damages amounts to be applied as penalties against You if You
violate these specific provisions.  You
specifically agree to pay these amounts.
In agreeing to pay liquidated damages, You acknowledge that this amount
is not a penalty, that the actual damages are uncertain and difficult to
ascertain, but that this amount represents the parties’ good faith attempt to
calculate an appropriate compensation based on anticipated actual damages.
For any breach of a portion of this Agreement that does not
specifically state a liquidated damages amount, You hereby agree that any
breach of this Agreement shall result in liquidated damages of one hundred
dollars ($100) per occurrence.  You specifically
agree to pay this one hundred dollars ($100) in liquidated damages.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY:
You expressly agree that
use of the Site and Services, or any of the Materials contained therein is at
Your own and sole risk. You also understand and agree that any material and/or
data downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of the Site and Services
or any of the Materials contained therein is done at Your own discretion and
risk and that You will be solely responsible for any damage to Your computer
system or loss of data that results from the download of such material and/or
data.
The Site and Services,
and all materials contained therein, are provided “as is” without warranty of
any kind, either express or implied, including but not limited to, any implied
warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, or
non-infringement.
We make no
representations or warranties that the Site and Services, or any Materials
contained therein, will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error free; nor do
We make any representations or warranties as to the quality, suitability,
truth, usefulness, accuracy, or completeness of the Site and Services or any of
the materials contained therein.
You understand that We
cannot and do not guarantee or warrant that files available for downloading
from the Internet will be free of viruses, worms, Trojan horses, or other code
that may manifest contaminating or destructive properties. We do not assume any
responsibility or risk for Your use of the Internet.
We make no warranty
regarding any goods or services purchased or obtained through the Site and/or
Services or any transaction entered into through the Site and/or Services, and
We are not responsible for any use of confidential or private information by
sellers or third parties.
The warranties and
representations set forth in this Agreement are the only warranties and
representations with respect to this Agreement, and are in lieu of any and all
other warranties, written or oral, express or implied, that may arise either by
agreement between the parties or by operation of law, including warranties of
merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.  None of these warranties and representations
will extend to any third person.
DISCLAIMER AND INDEMNIFICATION:
The provision of any services which are in violation of any
laws is strictly prohibited. If We determine that You or any User has provided
or intends to provide any services or material in violation of any law, Your
ability to use the Site and Services will be terminated immediately without any
reimbursement of any payment You may have made to Us. We have every right to
voluntarily cooperate with law enforcement or private aggrieved parties that We
may be legally compelled to do so.  We do
hereby disclaim any liability for damages that may arise from any User
providing any material or services for any purpose that violates any law. You
do hereby agree to defend, indemnify and hold Us harmless from any liability
that may arise for Us should You violate any law derived from Your actions
both, on and off-line.
You also agree to defend and indemnify Us should any third
party be harmed by Your illegal actions or should We be obligated to defend any
claims including, without limitation, any criminal action brought by any party.
Our Site and Services contains material that may be
offensive to third parties. You agree to indemnify and hold Us harmless from
any liability that may arise from someone viewing such material and You agree
to immediately cease review of the Site and use of the Services should You find
them offensive.
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Company,
its officers, directors, shareholders, employees, independent contractors,
telecommunication providers, and agents, from and against any and all claims,
actions, loss, liabilities, expenses, costs, or demands, including without
limitation legal and accounting fees, for all damages directly, indirectly,
and/or consequentially resulting or allegedly resulting from Your, or You under
another person’s authority including without limitation to governmental
agencies, use, misuse, or inability to use the Site, Services, or any of the
Materials contained therein, or Your breach of any of this Agreement.  We shall promptly notify You by electronic
mail of any such claim or suit, and cooperate fully (at Your expense) in the
defense of such claim or suit. We reserve the right to participate in the
defense of such claim or defense at Our own expense, and choose Our own legal
counsel, but are not obligated to do so.
This Site is for
Amusement Purposes.
You understand and accept that Our Site and Services is an entertainment and recreational service.
Any User accessing Our Site in an effort to engage in or
facilitate illegal or tortious activities shall have their Membership and/or
access to the Site and the Services subject to immediate cancellation, and may
be reported to the appropriate law enforcement agency.
You understand and accept that if You attempt to contact
other Members on the Site, all activities or interaction resulting therefrom is
solely on Your own volition.  You
understand and accept that no communications done on the Site between You and
other Members is private.  You hereby specifically release Us and all
other Members from any liability for invasion of privacy, defamation,
publicity, false light, and related torts, in the event that Your
communications or profile are made public.  Nothing contained in this
section is intended to limit the scope of releases and/or indemnification
contained elsewhere in this Agreement.
We do not endorse, confirm, support, verify or validate the
accuracy or the reliability of any of the information posted by Members on this
Site. This includes but is not limited to all text, images and profile
data.  We conduct no background check or
criminal history evaluation of Our Members before or after they register as a
Member of Our Site.  You are encouraged
to thoroughly inspect the credentials and background of any person You have contact
or communicate with via Our Site or Services.
You explicitly, expressly, and totally understand and agree
that We assume no liability or responsibility, financial, or otherwise for the
truthfulness, accuracy, intent, motives, or behavior of anyone on this Site or
any of its affiliate sites. You have contact or communicate with Members on
this Site, and on any affiliate sites if applicable, at Your own risk.  People use the Internet for various motives
and intentions. It is Your responsibility and solely Your responsibility to
verify the accuracy, truthfulness, good intentions, and motives of anyone that
You have contact or communicate with as a result of Your activities on this
Site.  We are not responsible and are not
liable for any aspect, legal or otherwise, of any conversations, contact, or
other information exchanged between Members online or offline.
When interacting with
Members of this Site, USE COMMON SENSE!
Do not provide any personal information to individuals who can misuse
that information to Your detriment.
While the Site and Services may provide a venue for the exchange of
information, ideas, they do not act as a guarantor of the accuracy of such
information or activity, and all Users/Members are encouraged to approach the
veracity of any communications or contact occurring as a result of the Site and
Services with a healthy skepticism.
Fraud and Scam Warning: The Site has no way of
determining the validity of any communication that is transmitted via the Site
or Services, or the validity of the person behind such communications.  You expressly understand and agree that if
any other Member that You are in communication with as a result of Your
activities on the Site requests money from You for travel assistance, medical
assistance, subsistence or for any other reason, it is almost certainly a scam
or a fraudulent scheme and You are at a very high risk of being defrauded..
You hereby discharge, acquit, and otherwise release Company,
its parent company, its agents, employees, officers, directors, shareholders,
attorneys, and affiliates, from any and all allegations, counts, charges,
debts, causes of action, and claims relating in any way to the use of, or
activities relating to the use of the Site and Services including, but not
limited to claims relating to the following:
Accomplice liability, conspiracy, aiding and abetting,
sexual harassment, negligence, gross negligence, reckless conduct, alienation
of affections (to the extent recognized in any jurisdiction), intentional
infliction of emotional distress, intentional interference with contract or
advantageous business relationship, defamation, privacy, publicity,
intellectual property, misrepresentation, any financial loss not due to the
fault of the Site, missed meetings, unmet expectations, false identities,
fraudulent acts by others, invasion of privacy, release of personal
information, failed transactions, purchases or functionality of the Site,
unavailability of the Site, its functions and/or services and any other
technical failure that may result in inaccessibility to the Site, or any claim
based on Vicarious Liability for Torts committed by individuals met on or
through the Site and Services, including but not limited to fraud, theft or
misuse of personal information, assault, battery, stalking, rape, theft, cheating,
perjury, manslaughter, or murder.
The above list is intended to be illustrative only, and not
exhaustive of the types or categories of claims released by You.  This release is intended by the parties to be
interpreted broadly in favor of Us, and thus any ambiguity shall be interpreted
in a manner providing release of the broadest claims.   This release is intended to be a full
release of claims, and the parties acknowledge the legally binding nature of
this provision, and the nature of the rights given up in connection therewith.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY:
In no event shall We (or Our licensors, agents,
suppliers, resellers, service providers, or any other subscribers or suppliers)
be liable to You, or any other third party for any direct, special, indirect,
incidental, consequential, exemplary, or punitive damages, including without
limitation, damages for loss of profits, loss of information, business
interruption, revenue, or goodwill, which may arise from any person’s use,
misuse, or inability to use the Site, Services, or any of the materials
contained therein, even if We have been advised of the probability of such
damages. This is for any matter arising out of or relating to this Agreement,
whether such liability is asserted on the basis of contract, tort or otherwise,
even if We have been advised of the possibility of such damages.
In no event shall Our maximum
total aggregate liability hereunder for direct damages exceed the total fees
actually paid by You for use of the Site or Services for a period of no more
than one (1) month from the accrual of the applicable cause or causes of action
or ten dollars ($10.00), whichever is greater.
Because some jurisdictions prohibit the exclusion or limitation of liability
for consequential or incidental damages, the above limitation may not apply to
You.
LINKS AND LINKING:
Some websites which are linked to or from the Site are owned
and operated by third parties. Because We have no control over such websites
and resources, You acknowledge and agree that We are not responsible or liable
for the availability of such external
websites or resources, and do not screen or endorse them, and are not
responsible or liable for any content, advertising, services, products, or
other materials on or available from such websites or resources.
You further acknowledge and agree that We shall not be
responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or
alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such
third-party content, goods or services available on or through any such website
or resource.  If You decide to access any
such third party website, You do so entirely at Your own risk and subject to
any terms and conditions and privacy policies posted therein.
You further acknowledge that use of any website controlled,
owned or operated by third parties is governed by the terms and conditions of
use for those websites, and not by this Agreement or Our Privacy Policy, which
is incorporated into this Agreement by reference.
Links to external websites (including external websites that
are framed by the Site) or inclusions of advertisements do not necessarily
constitute an endorsement by Us of such websites or the content, products,
advertising, or other materials presented on such Site, but are for Your
convenience.
You hereby agree to hold Us harmless from any and all
damages and liability that may result from the use of links that may appear on
the Site or via the Services. We reserve the right to terminate any link or
linking program at anytime.
TRADEMARK INFORMATION:
The name of the Site is considered a service mark owned by
Us.  We aggressively defend Our
intellectual property rights.
Nubilefiilms™, is a registered
trademarks owned and/or licensed by Us.
Other manufacturers’ product and service names referenced
herein may be trademarks and service marks of their respective companies and
are the exclusive property of such respective owners, and may not be used
publicly without the express written consent of the owners and/or holders of
such trademarks and service marks.
None of the marks, logos, domains, and trademarks that You
find on the Site and Services may not be used publicly except with express
written permission from Us, and may not be used in any manner that is likely to
cause confusion among consumers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits
Us.
COPYRIGHT INFORMATION:
The Materials accessible from the Site, Services, and any
other web site owned, operated, licensed, or controlled by Us are Our
proprietary information and valuable intellectual property and We retain all
right, title, and interest in the Materials.
The Materials may not be copied, distributed, republished,
modified, uploaded, posted, or transmitted in any way without Our prior written
consent, except that You may print out a copy of the Materials solely for Your
personal use.  In doing so, You may not
remove or alter, or cause to be removed or altered, any copyright, trademark,
trade name, service mark, or any other proprietary notice or legend appearing
on any of the Materials.
Modification or use of the Materials except as expressly
provided in this Agreement violates Our intellectual property rights.
Neither title nor intellectual property rights are
transferred to You by access to the Site and Services.
All Materials included on the Site, such as text, graphics,
photographs, video and audio clips, music, soundtracks, button icons, streaming
data, animation, images, downloadable materials, data compilations and software
is the property of Company or its content suppliers and is protected by United
States and international copyright laws. The compilation of all Materials on
the Site is the exclusive property of Company or its content suppliers and
protected by United States
and international copyright laws, as well as other laws and regulations.
COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT NOTIFICATION PROCEDURES
We respect the intellectual property of others, and We have
adopted the following Notice and Takedown Policy relating to claims of
copyright infringement regarding content found on Our Site.
Notice
of Claimed Infringement:  If You believe that Your
work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please
provide Our designated copyright infringement counsel (identified below) with
the following information:
an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized
to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or other intellectual property
interest;
description of the copyrighted work or other intellectual
property that You claim has been infringed;
a description of where the material that You claim is
infringing is located on the Site (preferably including specific url’s
associated with the material);
Your address, telephone number, and email address;
a statement by You that You have a good faith belief that
the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the
law; and
a statement by You, made under penalty of perjury, that the
above information in Your Notice is accurate and that You are the copyright or
intellectual property owner or authorized to act on the copyright or
intellectual property owner’s behalf.
You
may send Your Notice of Claimed Infringement to:
Lawrence G. Walters, Esq.
Walters Law Group
195 W. Pine Ave.
Longwood, FL 32750
Fax:    (407) 774-6151
Email:
Notice [at] DMCANotice [dot] com
NOTE: Please do not send other inquires or information
to this address.  Absent prior express
permission, our copyright counsel is not authorized to accept or waive service
of formal legal process, and any agency relationship beyond that required to
accept noticed regarding copyright infringement is expressly disclaimed.
DEFAMATION & INVASIVE MATERIAL
POLICY
We provide an interactive computer service, and thus We have
no liability for User-posted content due to Section 230 of the CDA.  Nevertheless, We recognize that despite this
protection, there may occasionally be content posted by Our Users that is
unappreciated by the subject of the User-posted content.  It is not Our intention to cause anguish to
any person nor harm to any entity, nor to allow through inaction such harm to
occur.  Accordingly, it is Our policy to
respond respectfully to any complaints about User-posted content, or about
content that We might have provided.
If You feel damaged by any User-posted content, or content
provided by Us, We will, in Our discretion, take reasonable measures to comply
with any reasonable requests.  Therefore,
We have instituted this policy.
You agree that if You have any complaint about any content
on Our Site, including (but not limited to) a complaint or claim of defamation
(libel or slander), invasion of privacy, false light, trademark infringement,
right of publicity claims, or any related or similar tort (from which We are
otherwise immune from liability), that You will provide notice to Us by mail or
fax to:
Lawrence G. Walters, Esq.
Walters Law Group
195 W. Pine
Ave.
Longwood, FL 32750
Fax: (407) 774-6151
You agree that We shall have ten (10) business days after
RECEIPT of said notice to evaluate Your concerns.
After evaluating Your concern(s), We will either inform You
that We do not believe Your concern is valid, or We will request Your
preference regarding an opportunity to cure Your concern(s).  This cure may, in Our discretion, include one
of the following:
We may offer to delete the offending material.
We may offer to modify the offending material.
We may offer You the opportunity to publish a rebuttal to
the offending material.
We may engage You and seek any other alternative resolution
that will mitigate Your damaged legal interests – whether or not We are legally
required to do so.
We may provide You with some or all identifying information
We may have about the actual culprit (if the content was User-posted), but We
are under no obligation to do so, and expressly reserve the right not to.
You acknowledge and agree that upon transmission of Your
complaint to Us, You will be considered to have engaged in settlement
discussions with Us, and neither party will initiate formal legal action while
non-adversarial resolution is in progress.
You agree that You will not file suit unless and until We issue a
statement to You that We have taken Our final action, and that no further action
will be taken without adversarial proceedings.
At that point, You may proceed with arbitration as provided for under
this Agreement.
You acknowledge that once You accept any of Our offers of
non-adversarial resolution, that You irrevocably waive any and all possible
claims for any allegedly offending material on Our Site and that if You do
bring any action against Us that You hereby stipulate that You will bear Your
own costs and fees incurred in the action, regardless of the outcome of that
action, and that You stipulate that Your damages will be limited to one dollar
($1), and no more, and that You hereby acknowledge that such amount of one
dollar ($1) is sufficient and adequate.
You understand that no part of this Agreement obligates Us
to go beyond that required by law, and this Agreement is in place for Your
convenience.  If We believe that Your
requests are unreasonable, We reserve every right to terminate discussions with
or file suit against You to recover any legal fees incurred due to harassing or
unreasonable requests.  Nothing contained
in this section shall obligate Us to undertake any specific action with regard
to a given complaint, and We reserve all rights relating to resolution of
disputes of this nature.
EXPORT CONTROL:
You understand and acknowledge that the software elements of
the Materials on the Site may be subject to regulation by agencies of the
United States Government, including the United States Department of Commerce,
which prohibits export or diversion of software and other goods to certain
countries and third parties.  Diversion
of such Materials contrary to United
States’ or international law is
prohibited.
You will not assist or participate in any such diversion or
other violation of applicable laws and regulations.
You warrant that You will not license or otherwise permit
anyone not approved to receive controlled commodities under applicable laws and
regulations and that You will abide by such laws and regulations.
You agree that none of the Materials are being or will be
acquired for, shipped, transferred, or re-exported, directly or indirectly, to
proscribed or embargoed countries or their nationals or be used for proscribed
activities.
NO AGENCY RELATIONSHIP:
Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to constitute, create, imply,
give effect to, or otherwise recognize a partnership, employment, joint
venture, or formal business entity of any kind; and the rights and obligations
of the parties shall be limited to those expressly set forth herein.
NOTICE:
Notice.  Any notice required to be given under this
Agreement may be provided by email to a functioning email address of the party
to be noticed, by a general posting on the Site, or personal delivery by
commercial carrier such as Federal Express. Notices by customers to Us shall be
given by electronic messages unless otherwise specified in the Agreement.
Change of Address.  Either party may change the address to which
notice is to be sent by written notice to the other party pursuant to this
provision of the Agreement.
When Notice is
Effective.  Notices shall be deemed
effective upon delivery.  Notices delivered by overnight carrier (e.g.,
United States Express Mail or Federal Express) shall be deemed delivered on the
business day following mailing.  Notices mailed by United States Mail,
postage prepaid, registered or certified with return receipt requested, shall
be deemed delivered five (5) days after mailing.  Notices delivered by any
other method shall be deemed given upon receipt.  Notices by email and facsimile
transmission, with confirmation from the transmitting machine that the
transmission was completed, are acceptable under this Agreement provided that
they are delivered one (1) hour after transmission if sent during the
recipient's business hours, or 9:00 a.m. (recipient's time) the next business
day.  Either party may, by giving the other Party appropriate written
notice, change the designated address, fax number and/or recipient for any
notice or courtesy copy, hereunder.
Refused, Unclaimed, or Undeliverable
Notice.  Any correctly addressed
notice that is refused, unclaimed, or undeliverable, because of an act or
omission of the party to be notified shall be deemed effective as of the first
date that said notice was refused or deemed undeliverable by the postal
authorities, messenger, facsimile machine, email server, or overnight delivery
service.
COMMUNICATIONS NOT PRIVATE:
We do not provide any facility for sending or receiving
private or confidential electronic communications. All messages transmitted to
Us shall be deemed to be readily accessible to the general public. Visitors
should not use this Site or Services to transmit any communication for which
the sender intends only the sender and the intended recipient(s) to read.  Notice is hereby given that all messages and
other content entered into this Site or Services can and may be read by the
agents and operators of the Site or Services, regardless of whether they are
the intended recipients of such messages.
FORCE MAJEURE:
We shall not be responsible for any failure to perform due
to unforeseen circumstances or to causes beyond Our reasonable control,
including but not limited to: acts of God, such as fire, flood, earthquakes,
hurricanes, tropical storms or other natural disasters; war, riot, arson,
embargoes, acts of civil or military authority, or terrorism; fiber cuts;
strikes, or shortages in transportation, facilities, fuel, energy, labor or
materials; failure of the telecommunications or information services
infrastructure; hacking, SPAM, or any failure of a computer, server or
software, for so long as such event continues to delay the Site’s or Services’
performance.
JURISDICTION/DISPUTES:
Governing Law.  This Agreement and all matters arising out of,
or otherwise relating to, this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the
state of Florida,
excluding its conflict of law provisions.
The sum of this paragraph is
that any and all litigation permitted under this Agreement must be, without
exception, initiated in Orange County,
Florida.
All parties to this Agreement
agree that all litigation permitted under this Agreement shall be tried and/or
litigated exclusively in the state and federal courts located in Orange County, Florida.
The parties agree to exclusive jurisdiction in, and only in, Orange
County, Florida.
The parties agree to exclusive venue in, and only in, Orange County,
Florida.
The parties additionally agree
that this choice of venue and forum is mandatory and not permissive in nature,
thereby precluding any possibility of litigation between the parties with
respect to, or arising out of, this Agreement in a jurisdiction other than that
specified in this paragraph.
All parties hereby waive any right
to assert the doctrine of forum
non-conveniens or similar doctrines, or to object to venue with respect to
any litigation permitted under this Agreement
All parties stipulate that the
state and federal courts located in Orange
County, Florida shall
have personal jurisdiction over them for the purpose of any litigation
permitted under this Agreement that is not otherwise subject to the arbitration
provisions, infra.
Each party hereby authorizes and
accepts service of process sufficient for personal jurisdiction in any action
against it, as contemplated by this paragraph by registered or certified mail,
Federal Express, proof of delivery or return receipt requested, to the parties
address for the giving of notices as set forth in this Agreement.
Any final judgment rendered
against a party in any action or proceeding shall be conclusive as to the
subject of such final judgment and may be enforced in other jurisdictions in
any manner provided by law if such enforcement becomes necessary.
Right to Injunctive
Relief.  Both parties acknowledge
that remedies at law may be inadequate to provide an aggrieved party with full
compensation in the event of the other party’s breach, and that in any
litigation permitted under this Agreement, an aggrieved party shall therefore
be entitled to seek injunctive relief, in addition to seeking all other
remedies available at law or in equity.
ARBITRATION PROVISIONS:
If there is a dispute between the parties arising out of or
otherwise relating to this Agreement, the parties shall meet and negotiate in
good faith to attempt to resolve the dispute. If the parties are unable to
resolve the dispute through direct negotiations, then, except as otherwise
provided herein, either party must submit the issue to binding arbitration in
accordance with the then-existing Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American
Arbitration Association.  Arbitral Claims
shall include, but are not limited to, contract and tort claims of all kinds,
and all claims based on any federal, state or local law, statute, or regulation,
excepting only claims by Us under applicable worker’s compensation law,
unemployment insurance claims, intellectual property claims, actions for
injunctions, attachment, garnishment, and other equitable relief.  The arbitration shall be conducted in Orange
County, Florida
and conducted by a single arbitrator, knowledgeable in Internet and e-Commerce
disputes.  The arbitrator shall be
willing to execute an oath of neutrality.
The Arbitrator shall have no authority to award any punitive
or exemplary damages; certify a class action; add any parties; vary or ignore
the provisions of this Agreement; and shall be bound by governing and
applicable law. The arbitrator shall render a written opinion setting forth all
material facts and the basis of his or her decision within thirty (30) days of
the conclusion of the arbitration proceeding.
THE PARTIES HEREBY WAIVE ANY RIGHTS THEY MAY HAVE TO TRIAL BY JURY IN
REGARD TO ARBITRAL CLAIMS.
No waiver of right to
arbitration -- There
shall be no waiver of the right to arbitration unless such waiver is provided
affirmatively and in writing by the waiving party to the other party.  There shall be no implied waiver of this
right to arbitration.  No acts, including
the filing of litigation, shall be construed as a waiver or a repudiation of
the right to arbitrate.
The First Amendment
applies to arbitration proceedings -- Any arbitration tribunal shall consider the
First Amendment to the United States Constitution to be in force and effect
between the parties.  Both parties
stipulate to the applicability of the First Amendment’s protection of free
speech, expression, and association, and both parties stipulate that case law
interpreting the First Amendment shall be admissible and considered to be
binding authority upon the Arbitrator.
MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS:
Assignment.  The rights and liabilities of the parties hereto
will bind and inure to the benefit of their respective assignees, successors,
executors, and administrators, as the case may be.
Severability.  If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction
or an arbitrator finds any provision of this Agreement, or any portion thereof,
to be unenforceable, that provision will be enforced to the maximum extent
permissible and the remainder of this Agreement will continue in full force and
effect.
Complaints – California
Residents:  The Complaint Assistance
Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the Department of Consumer Affairs
may be contacted at: https://www.dca.ca.gov/consumers/complaints/index.shtml.
No Waiver.  No waiver or action made by Us shall be deemed a
waiver of any subsequent default of the same provision of this Agreement.  If any term, clause or provision hereof is
held invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, such
invalidity shall not affect the validity or operation of any other term, clause
or provision and such invalid term, clause or provision shall be deemed to be
severed from this Agreement.
Headings.  All headings are solely for the convenience of
reference and shall not affect the meaning, construction or effect of this
Agreement.
Complete Agreement.  This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement
between the parties with respect to Your access and use of the Site, Services
and the Materials contained therein, and Your use of the Site and Services, and
supersede and replace all prior understandings or agreements, written or oral,
regarding such subject matter.
Other
Jurisdictions.  We make no
representation that the Site, Services or any of the Materials contained
therein are appropriate or available for use in other locations, and access to
them from territories where their content may be illegal or is otherwise
prohibited. Those who choose to access the Site and Services from such
locations do on their own initiative and are solely responsible for determining
compliance with all applicable local laws.
This
document prepared by: Walters Law Group; www.FirstAmendment.com.  All Rights Reserved. © Walters Law Group
(2012).
Nothing more follows.
Become a Member!
×
Sorry, this feature is for members only!
Join now to get all the great features!
No thanks...
Sign me up!
Placeholder
No Message.