http://www.kisschance.com/terms.php
Kiss Chance
Terms of Service
Kiss Chance allows users to publish
multimedia data for others to view. It also allows users to communicate
with each other. You must be an adult to participate
By posting a picture or video to our service,
you give us permission to use that material on this website. You also confirm
that you are displayed on the picture and own all rights to it.
Posting/messaging/distributing any illegal
information or material is forbidden and will be prosecuted to the laws
fullest extent.
Please report all copyright violations
to
us immediately.
You may not use this service to promote
any commercial website.
URLs or other internet adresses are not
allowed in pictures or descriptions!
Your picture must not include poses or
actions that the majority of users would find offensive, such as display
of urine or excrements, extreme bondage scenes or other rather unusual
sexual activities.
Users posting pictures of anyone, but
themselves or their current partner (with his/her permission!) will lose
their account for this site without refund.
Your email address must be kept up to
date at all times and must have acceptable response times. If we need
to contact you on an important matter and your email bounces or we do
not recieve a reply within 72 hours, your account will be deleted without
refund. (An exception to this rule would be real life matters, like vacation
or sickness, preventing you from checking your email.)
You may not pretend to be affiliated with
this sites staff unless you are an appointed administrator.
All pictures on this site are property of the appropriate users. While we try to avoid displaying potentially offensive or copyrighted material, our influence on these pictures is limited and we cannot take any responsibility for that content.
Privacy Statement
None of your data whatsoever will ever
be disclosed to third parties outside the functionalities of this site.
We reserve the right to send you information about changes or updates to this site. If you selected to be notified on new messages in your profile, you will also receive an e-mail for every message you receive in your inbox on this site.
To further protect your privacy we do
not ask you for any personal information (real name, address, telephone).
Please understand that through letting anonymous users post their own
content on this website we have a responsibility for that content and
require one valid contact information, which is your email address.
Our billing partners will require more
information. Their data is completely seperate from ours, so the information
you supply there can not be referenced to any information you volunteer
on this site. Please see their privacy statements for further details.
About us |
Terms of Service |
Impressum |
Report a Bug |
Dating Meter
© 2001-2011 Kiss Chance Swinger Dating Singapore
Find Swingers
Cool Swingers
Hot Swingers
Rate Swingers
My Messages
My Profile
Feature Shop
Fun Stuff
Forum
Cam Chat
Outdoor Sex
Support / FAQ
User:
Pass:
Forgot your password?
Users: 97857Today: 4