http://www.webcamsex7.com/terms/
Real Live Amateur Webcam Sex Shows
Status:
Anonymous
You have:
0 Tokens
(Get More)
CHAT ROOMS
BROADCAST YOURSELF
TAGS
LOG IN
SIGN UP
Terms & Conditions
Effective Date: September 26, 2016
Last Modified: June 3, 2020
Adults only.
We have placed this detail over and above all of our other terms because it is the most important (although
it is also referenced below). The Www.webcamsex7.com platform is only open to consenting adults looking
to express themselves in the form of streaming video and messaging. We have zero tolerance for any minors on
the Www.webcamsex7.com platform, whether such individuals are actually minors or pretending to be minors
perhaps
in a misguided attempt at role-play. Moreover, we have zero tolerance for any image of any minor being
uploaded to our platform for any reason. Please be advised that we reserve the right to and do report each
and every suspected minor to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children and any and all other
law enforcement agencies we feel appropriate. If you believe that a minor is using the site, we strongly
request and encourage you to report each and every user you encounter which you believe or suspect to be
under the age of 18. All reports are reviewed as quickly as we can. If you are a minor, you
must immediately leave this site now. You are not legally permitted on Chaturbate for any reason, and if we
find you on this site, we will report you to law enforcement as noted above. We will not reactivate you for
any reason ever.
With respect to all other matters, as we operate an online platform and we are not in the business of
producing or presenting cam broadcasts, we only adopt what we feel are necessary to comply with law,
community standards and for the safety of our users.
The Platform
The Platform (as defined below) is an online platform providing social networking capabilities including both
a text and video chat service whereby individuals accessing the Platform (each a "Community Member") may create and share
with other Community Members online audio, video, interactive, and live content which may include, at the
providing Community Member’s election, content of an adult nature. Community Members, whether or not their
account is capable of receiving tokens, are free to broadcast their live streaming video through the
Platform, subject to the minimal restrictions set forth in these Terms, which restrictions have been put in
place to comply with applicable law, community standards, and for the safety of the Community Members.
Subject to safety and legality required rules, Community Members may produce and broadcast (or not
broadcast) as and when they determine and set their own rules for other Community Members viewing their
broadcasts. Community Members are also free to use other video streaming platforms either at different times
or at the same time as such Community Members use our Platform, subject to the provision below that
Community Members may not, through the Platform, promote or advertise any entity, product, service, or
website that delivers live-streaming content.
INTRODUCTION AND DESCRIPTION OF SERVICE
When you access the Platform, you understand that you may see graphic depictions of nudity,
exposed genitals and persons engaged in explicit sexual activity consisting of people of different
genders, people of the same gender, as well as sexual acts involving more than 2 individuals. By
accessing and/or using the Platform, you expressly acknowledge that you wish to see such materials.
By accessing the interactive video chat social networking platform located
at Www.webcamsex7.com (collectively the "Platform")
these terms and conditions (these "Terms") form the binding agreement
between you ("you") and Multi Media,
LLC (the "Company") regarding your use
of the Platform. If you do not agree to be bound by these Terms, you must immediately exit the
Platform and not access the Platform again for any reason. There is no fee to access the
Platform and view content to access some functions of the Platform, but Community Members will be
required to create an Account (defined below).
Community Members who are eligible to receive tokens in their account, from other Community Members are
referred to in these Terms as an "Independent Broadcaster(s)".
In these Terms, the use of phrases such as "we" "our" "us" or other appropriate first-person
terms refer to the Company. The use of the terms "you" or "your" refers, as the context may
require, to you the Community Member or Independent Broadcaster accessing or utilizing the Platform. By
accessing and/or using the Platform, you agree to be bound by the Terms.
NO ACCESS BY MINORS AND NO EXPLOITATION OF CHILDREN
This Platform is for Adults Only. In order to access and use the Platform, you must be
at least 18 years old or the age of majority in your jurisdiction, whichever is older (the "Age of Majority"). IF YOU ARE
NOT OF THE AGE OF MAJORITY, YOU MUST IMMEDIATELY LEAVE THE PLATFORM. By accessing and/or using
the Platform you agree that you have reached the Age of Majority and acknowledge that we have the sole
and absolute right to terminate your Account if we believe you are in violation of this requirement. If
we believe you are in violation of this Age of Majority requirement, we will report you to law
enforcement.
Law Enforcement Reporting. We reserve the right to and do report suspected violations
of the Platform's minimum age requirement to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children
("NCMEC") and any and all law enforcement and other organizations we may feel appropriate, in our sole
discretion. If you believe that a minor has accessed the Platform, you should immediately report it to
us at [email protected] For more information regarding this policy and our zero-tolerance stance on
minors using or in any way appearing on the Platform, please contact us at [email protected]
No Child Pornography. For the purpose of these Terms, "Child Pornography" includes, but is not
limited to (i) any materials showing a person under the Age of Majority in a state of undress, or
engaged in any suggestive or sexual acts of any kind; (ii) any materials that simulate the foregoing,
such as dolls, animated films or shorts, adults made to look like children or suggest that they are
below the Age of Majority; and, (iii) discussion of child pornography or child exploitation. Child
Pornography and the exploitation of children is a serious crime. All Community Members are
strictly prohibited from using the Platform to distribute, access, or solicit Child Pornography or
engage in any conduct or discussion exploitative of a person below the Age of Majority, including by way
of role play. If you see anything on the Platform that violates this provision or seems
questionable, report it immediately to us at [email protected] We will immediately investigate any
claim and take the appropriate action. IF YOU ARE SEEKING OR HAVE AN INTEREST IN ANY TYPE OF
PEDOPHILIC OR PEDERASTIC CONTENT, YOU MUST IMMEDIATELY LEAVE THIS SITE. YOU WILL BE BANNED FOR EVEN
DISCUSSING SUCH ACTIVITY OR ENGAGING IN INAPPROPRIATE ROLE PLAY. FURTHER YOU WILL ALSO
BE BANNED FROM THE PLATFORM AND REPORTED TO NCMEC AND/OR LAW ENFORCEMENT FOR DISCUSSING OR ARRANGING TO
DISCUSS MINORS ON ANOTHER PLATFORM. SIMPLY PUT, PEOPLE WITH INTERESTS IN CHILDREN, INCLUDING EVEN JUST
ROLE PLAY, ARE NOT WELCOME TO USE THE PLATFORM AND WILL BE DEALT WITH IN THE HARSHEST MANNER
POSSIBLE.
Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act. The Platform is a Community
Member-driven interactive platform with content provided by Independent Broadcasters, and pursuant to
Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act, we are immune from suit for materials published through
the Platform by Community Members. As such, we are not liable for content published by Community
Members. As we operate an online platform and we are not in the business of producing or presenting cam
broadcasts, we have endeavored to keep our rules to a minimum imposing only those we feel are necessary
for the safety of Community Members, to comply with applicable law, and the continued operation of the
Platform.
YOUR ACCOUNT AND GENERAL TERMS APPLICABLE TO ALL USERS
Member Account and Password. In order to access the non-public portions of the
Platform, you must create an account (your "Account"). In creating an Account, you
will be prompted to create a username and password and, if you wish to become an Independent
Broadcaster, you will be required to enter certain personally identifiable information. In order to take
advantage of some of the pay features available through the Platform, you will be prompted to input a
payment method. As noted in our Privacy Policy, this information is received and held by a third-party
payment processor who, subject to their terms, will store your payment information for future use
through the Platform. You may not choose a username that may falsely represent you as someone else or a
name that may otherwise be in violation of the rights of any other individual or entity. We reserve the
right to disallow the use of usernames or cancel, at any time, the membership of any Community Member
who uses their selected username in violation of these Terms or in any other way we deem inappropriate
in our sole discretion. You are solely responsible for any and all activities conducted and purchases
made through your Account. It is important to note that, while we do not require that you provide an
email address to create an Account, choosing not to provide an email address limits the support we can
provide in connection with your Account as we are unable to verify you are the Account holder.
Shared Accounts. With respect to Accounts which have more than one age-verified
user, the person in control of the Account is deemed to be the person whose email address is
associated with the Account, unless there is payee information associated with the Account, in
which case the payee is deemed to be the person in control of the Account. Material changes to
Accounts may only be made at the request of the person deemed to be in control of the account.
Material changes include changes to the email address associated with the Account, changes to
payee information, and changes to two-factor authentication settings. You understand and agree
that the person deemed to be in control of any such Account will have full access to and control
over all information associated with the Account, including all information collected on such
Account. For more information about information we collect, please see our Privacy Policy.
Studio Accounts. Individuals who wish to create a studio account (a "Studio Account") through the
Platform must comply with our rules for setting up a Studio Account. If these rules are complied
with, such Account will be considered a "Studio"
on the Platform. For all Accounts under a Studio, the Studio is deemed the owner of all Accounts
in such Studio Account ("Studio Sub-Accounts"). The
followers, images, and data associated with all Studio Sub-Accounts may not be transferred away
from or shared with another Account without the applicable Studio's consent, absent what we may
deem, in our sole and exclusive determination, to be extraordinary circumstances.
Security of your Account. You are solely responsible for maintaining the
confidentiality of your username and password and are fully responsible for all activities that occur
under your username and password, including without limitation any unauthorized access to the Platform
caused by you, including access which may violate applicable laws and/or subject you to criminal
prosecution. This will result in your immediate ban from the Platform and deactivation of your Account.
We will not release your password for security reasons. You agree to (i) immediately notify us of any
unauthorized use of your username or password or any other breach or suspected breach of security, and
(ii) ensure that you log out of your Account each time you stop interacting through the Platform. We
highly encourage all Community Members to turn on two-factor authentication to ensure the security of
their Account.
License to Access the Platform. You are granted a limited, non-exclusive license to
access and use the Platform for your own personal enjoyment. You may not, download, reproduce, sell,
rent, perform, or link to any content made available through the Platform, except as expressly permitted
by the Community Member and/or Independent Broadcaster, as appropriate, responsible for such content or
otherwise as permitted by the rules of the Platform.
Solicitations. Although we do not control Independent Broadcasters and other
users' use of the Platform, you may not use the Platform to promote or advertise any
third-party products, sites, or services that deliver live-streaming content. Although, of
course, Independent Broadcasters and other Community Members are free to cam on other sites,
you may not use the Platform to solicit any Community Member to utilize another product, site, or
service that delivers live-streaming content.
Billing. Community Members may elect to put money on deposit with the Platform which
will be converted to tokens which tokens may only be used through the Platform as the applicable
Community Member elects, including for use to tip Independent Broadcasters. By tipping tokens through
the Platform, you agree that all token tips are intended as a gratuity and all tips are final when sent.
In the event that we receive a complaint about a tip after it has been sent, we may, at our election and
with no obligation to do so, send the complaint to the other party for the other party's response
regarding the complaint. You are prohibited from providing "tips" for the performance of specific acts.
Requesting or demanding specific acts for tips may result in a ban from the Platform for all parties
involved. Independent Broadcasters are prohibited from requesting any type of off-Platform payments;
provided, however, the Platform may, from time to time, permit Independent Broadcasters to post links to
wish lists. Community Members who determine to stream and/or upload video or photo content but have not
provided age verification documentation (referred to herein as "Exhibitionists") are not Independent
Broadcasters and are not eligible to receive tips. Your chosen payment method will only be billed as you
specifically request. Unless otherwise specifically provided in writing, you will not be billed for the
same purchase on a recurring basis. By providing your payment information, you expressly consent to the
use of third-party payment processors to facilitate any and all transactions you may elect to make
through the Platform. It is your sole responsibility to make sure that your billing information is up to
date. If you believe that you have been erroneously billed, please notify us immediately of such error.
If we do not hear from you within 30 days after such billing error first appears on any account
statement, such fee will be deemed accepted by you for all purposes, including resolution of inquiries
made by your credit card issuer. You release us from all liabilities and claims of loss resulting from
any error or discrepancy that is not reported to us within 30 days of its publication. We reserve the
right to impose transaction limits on Community Members based upon a variety of factors including,
without limitation, length of membership to the Platform, location, change in access information, and
amount of refund requests. Please note that abuse of special offers, including creating multiple
accounts to take advantage of such offers, is a violation of these Terms. Community Members may withdraw
unused moneys on deposit with the Platform by contacting customer support, less amounts charged by third
parties in connection with the initial and refund transactions.
Videos and Images Offered by Community Members. Community Members, including
Independent Broadcasters, may create or otherwise make available video, photo, or other content
containing content and intellectual property that they own or have a license to use ("Member Content").
In making available Member Content, you agree that once a Community Member acquires that content in the
Community Member's Account on the Platform you have granted to that Community Member, and represent that
you have the right to grant, a perpetual, irrevocable license to access and view such content through
the Platform. With respect to any Member Content that you elect to acquire through the Platform you
acknowledge and agree as follows: (i) that we are neither the creator nor source of the Member Content;
(ii) that we simply offer a platform for Community Members to create and share Member Content with other
Community Members; (iii) the Community Member who posted the applicable Member Content is solely
responsible for any claims or liabilities associated with, arising from, or in any way relating to such
Member Content; (iv) your purchase or use of any Member Content is solely at your own risk; and (v) you
forever release the Company, its affiliates, successors, assigns, officers, employees, agents,
directors, shareholders and attorneys from any and all claims and liabilities associated with, arising
from, or in any way relating to Member Content. We have the absolute right to remove any Member Content
that we believe, in our sole discretion, may violate any law or these Terms. In the event that you
provide tokens to an Independent Broadcaster in connection with obtaining Member Content, you agree that
these tokens are provided as a gratuity notwithstanding any request from the applicable Independent
Broadcaster; and, you further understand that such tokens will not be refunded for any reason.
Private Shows. All Independent Broadcasters acknowledge and agree they are aware that
all private shows are recorded by default and such recordings are provided to the applicable Community
Member(s) who purchased such private shows; provided, however, that Independent Broadcasters can disable
this recording option at any time in account settings. Independent Broadcasters acknowledge and agree
that all recordings of private shows are considered Member Content and that upon delivery of the
recording to the purchasing Community Member(s), such Community Member(s) will have acquired from the
applicable Independent Broadcaster a perpetual, irrevocable license to view and access such recording
through the Platform.
Fan Clubs. Independent Broadcasters have the ability to create and administer a fan
club through the Platform provided that Independent Broadcasters' account is in good standing and
Company has not limited or removed the fan club functionality. Should an Independent Broadcaster elect
to start a fan club, the Independent Broadcaster will choose a monthly fee that other
Community Members must pay to be members of the Independent Broadcaster's fan club. You understand and
agree that in purchasing a membership to an Independent Broadcaster's fan club, such purchase will
automatically renew, and you will be automatically rebilled for such purchase, on a monthly basis until
such time as you cancel such fan club membership. Updates and what, if anything, is included in any such
membership will be in the sole control and determination of the applicable Independent Broadcaster. For
the avoidance of doubt, in the event that you are an Independent Broadcaster and offer a fan club, you
agree that you have the unrestricted right to offer and/or provide any content you may post to Community
Members who join your fan club is subject in all respects to these Terms and our policies. In the event
that one or more members of an Independent Broadcaster's fan club request a refund from us, or institute
a chargeback with our payment processor, we reserve the right to assess a chargeback fee to such
Independent Broadcaster's Account and/or suspend the Independent Broadcaster's ability to maintain a fan
club through the Platform. We reserve the right to rescind any Independent Broadcaster's permission to
maintain a fan club for any or no reason at all.
Warning Regarding Streaming Content. The Platform provides
functionality allowing Community Members to stream/broadcast using their webcams. It is possible that
other Community Members might, without your permission, unlawfully record, make copies of, store,
re-broadcast, distribute, publish or otherwise share your broadcast online or through other media forms.
You assume all risk for your broadcasts and hereby release and agree to indemnify and hold us harmless
us for all actions arising out of such activities, including without limitation invasion of privacy,
defamation, and/or intellectual property infringement. As noted in our Privacy Policy, all information
and content you determine to share or stream through the Platform, including in "private" and/or
password protected situations, is considered public information.
Use of Information on the Platform. As noted in our Privacy Policy, we cannot ensure
the security or privacy of information (including, without limitation, text, images, and videos) you
provide or share through the Platform. We are not responsible for, and cannot control, the use of any
information, by anyone, that you provide or make available to other parties through the Platform. Use
caution in deciding what personal information you share with others through the Platform. We cannot
assume any responsibility for the content of any message sent by any Community Member on the Platform.
You release us from any and all liability in connection with the content(s) of any communication(s) you
may receive from other users.
Public Information/Caution in Sharing Information. As noted in our Privacy Policy, all
information and/or content you choose to post and/or share through your profile on the Platform, through
chat (including private chat or "direct message"), and all content you stream or otherwise share through
the Platform is considered public information. You agree to limit the information you share through the
Platform keeping in mind we cannot control the use of such information by those with whom you share your
information.
On- or Off-Platform Interactions/Meetings. We do not recommend or condone any form of
interaction between Community Members outside of the Platform and, as disclosed elsewhere in these
Terms, your use of and interactions through the Platform are
done at your own risk. Use of the Platform to arrange face-to-face meetings for the purpose of engaging
in illegal activity is strictly prohibited and will subject your Account to immediate termination. If
you elect to legally interact with any Community Member outside of the Platform, you do so at your own
risk, and you acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible for any consequences of your election to
interact with anyone, whether in person or otherwise, outside of the Platform. We cannot and will not
intervene in any matters or disputes which take place outside of the Platform including with respect to
situations where we are provided third party screen captures or records as we cannot verify such screen
captures or records. In the event that you determine to communicate with another Community Member
outside of the Platform despite these cautions, you should, at a minimum, consider the following
precautions:
Anyone who is able to commit identity theft can also falsify a user profile.
There is no substitute for acting with caution when communicating with any stranger who wants to
meet you.
Never include your last name, email address, home address, phone number, place of work, or any
other identifying information in your user profile or initial email messages. Immediately stop
communicating with anyone who pressures you for personal or financial information or attempts in
any way to trick you into revealing it.
If you choose to have a face-to-face meeting with another user, always tell someone in your
family or a friend where you are going and when you will return. Never agree to be picked up at
your home. Always provide your own transportation to and from the meeting, and meet in a public
place with many people around.
All the money and gifts you send to other users, whether directly or indirectly, through the
Platform or outside of the Platform, is done at your own risk. We will not intervene or become
involved in any dispute between Community Members.
Contests. From time to time, we may permit certain contests for participation by
Community Members and Independent Broadcasters. The general rules for our contests are located in our
general contest rules in Appendix A to
these Terms which
appendix is incorporated by reference herein.
Your Privacy Rights. When you use the Platform, we collect and process certain
personally identifiable and other data about you. Our use of this information is governed by our Privacy & Cookies Policy, which is incorporated by reference
herein. You are encouraged to read this policy as it contains important information on how we collect
and use this information and your rights regarding the same. Additionally, the Platform utilizes cookies
and certain technology that tracks usage, performance and your geographic location which are more fully
described in our Privacy & Cookies Policy.
Termination.
By You. You may terminate your Account and/or any of your memberships at any
time by visiting our cancellation page or
contacting our customer support. You agree to be personally liable for any and all charges
incurred by your Account, username, and password until terminated as provided herein. If you are
an Independent Broadcaster and determine to terminate your Account, any tokens remaining in your
Account at the time of termination will be disbursed to the payment information on file for your
Account on our next payout date. If you are not an Independent Broadcaster and determine to
terminate your Account with money on deposit in your Account for use as tokens, such amounts can
be withdrawn by you subject to any third-party costs associated with processing your deposit and
withdrawal. Upon our processing of your request to terminate your Account, you will no longer
have access to the non-public areas of the Platform nor will you have access to any Member
Content in your Account.
By Us. We may, in our sole discretion, terminate or suspend your access to all
or part of the Platform at any time, with or without notice, for any reason or no reason at all,
including, without limitation, breach of this Agreement. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, any activity which we believe, in our sole discretion, to possibly be illegal,
fraudulent, abusive, or in violation of our community standards, or our rules, may be grounds
for termination of your access to all or part of the Platform at our sole discretion, and we
reserve the right to refer any such activity to any appropriate law enforcement agencies.
Effect of Termination. You accept that when you cancel your Account you will be
automatically locked out of the Platform, and will no longer be able to access your Account,
including any and all Member Content. You also agree and accept that upon termination of your
Account, we have no obligation to maintain or store any content, mail or other materials
connected to or in your Account and that such information may be irretrievable.
Representations by Community Members
You represent and warrant the following:
You are familiar with the laws in your area that may affect your legal right to access
or transmit erotica or adult-oriented material and, by your accessing the site, you are
representing and warranting that you are not prohibited by law from accessing or using
the Platform or transmitting in any way any adult-oriented material.
You are not a registered sex offender in any jurisdiction and have never been convicted
of any type of sexual crime against any person or animal.
You are voluntarily choosing to proceed with your use of the Platform because you want
to view, read, or hear various content, including, without limitation, content of an
explicit adult nature for your own personal enjoyment, information, and/or education.
You are familiar with the standards in your community regarding acceptance of
sexually-oriented materials, and the materials you expect to encounter through use of
the Platform are within your community standards. Should the content you encounter
through the Platform not meet your community standards, you will immediately cease use
of the Platform.
You have not notified any governmental agency, including the U.S. Postal Service, that
you do not wish to receive sexually oriented material
You will not violate any civil or other rights of any other Community Member or any
third party.
Any content that you upload or stream will be your original work and not infringe the
intellectual property rights of any third-party.
You agree that:
You will follow all applicable laws governing your use of the Platform; and
You will not violate any provision of these Terms.
Community Member Indemnities. An indemnity is your obligation to cover us for certain
losses, whether monetary or otherwise relating to or arising out of certain actions by you. This section
creates an obligation on your part to protect us in these instances and is a material inducement on our
part to provide the Platform. You hereby agree to indemnify us for any and all claims and losses,
whether actual or threated, including without limitation, our reasonable attorneys' fees and costs, with
respect to any claim relating to or arising out of your use of the Platform that violates these Terms or
any applicable law. Again, if you do not agree to these Terms, you may not access or use the Platform
and should immediately exit the Platform.
CONTENT
Obligations Under 18 U.S.C. §2257. You should be
aware that, pursuant to United States federal law, any visual depictions that you post, share or perform
on or through the Platform which portray "actual sexually explicit conduct", "depictions of the genitals
or pubic area", or "simulated sexually explicit activity", as those terms are defined in 18
U.S.C. §2256(2)(A)(i)-(iv) and §2257A, require that you maintain the records listed
under 18 U.S.C. §2257, and any such postings must contain a "18 U.S.C. §2257
Record-Keeping Requirements Compliance Statement." Your failure to comply with the provisions of 18
U.S.C. §2257 may make you subject to criminal and civil prosecution for the violation of federal
law.
Content Submitted to the Platform. All materials submitted and/or
streamed by Community Members through the Platform, including Member Content, and created by such
Community Member ("Community Member Content") is and
shall remain the property of the Community Member or Independent Broadcaster who created it. Community
Member Content shall also include any chats, or other materials that are transmitted through the
Platform when you use the Platform. When you broadcast or upload Community Member Content to the
Platform, you hereby grant us a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, sublicensable and transferable
license to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, and perform the Community Member
Content in connection with delivering the Platform and for marketing and advertising the availability of
the Platform in any media format we choose. You also expressly provide that each Community Member shall
have a license to use the Community Member Content under the terms of Section III(c) of these Terms. You
will not submit content that you did not create, own, or to which you do not have the legal right to
submit. This restriction includes the submission of any third-party content. Community Member Content
will comply with these Terms and the Code of Conduct. All Community Member Content must also comply with
our "Content Submission Guidelines" in
our Code of Conduct located at Appendix C
and which are
incorporated by reference herein. You represent and warrant that all Community Member Content is your
content and does not infringe upon the intellectual property rights of any third-party. You will
indemnify and hold us harmless for any and all losses, damages or costs relating to or arising out
of a claim that your Community Member Content infringes the intellectual property rights of any
third-party.
Deleting Community Member Content. You may request that we delete Community Member
Content submitted by you by contacting us at [email protected] We may retain copies of the
Community Member Content but will not make them available through the Platform after we have processed
your request. Your license to us in any comments, texts, chats or other Community Member Content (used
in published advertising) is not revocable. As noted elsewhere in these Terms, your Community Member
Content, if acquired through the Platform by another Community Member, will be deleted from your Account
per your request; however, any Community Member Content acquired by other Community Members prior to the
date of your request for deletion of such Community Member Content will remain in the Accounts of such
Community Members. Moreover, you understand that, although we may delete Community Member Content, one
or more other Community Members may have copies of or notes regarding such content and we are unable to
delete such copies or notes.
No Endorsement for Community Member Content. We do not endorse or recommend, nor do we
have or assume any obligation to monitor any Community Member Content streamed or otherwise shared
through the Platform by any Community Member or Independent Broadcaster; and, we hereby disclaim any and
all liability with respect to Community Member Content. We do not permit any copyright infringing
activities or any Community Member Content that infringes on our intellectual property rights or those
of any party or third party. We will remove any Community Member Content where we are properly notified
of such infringement as set forth below. We may remove any such Community Member Content without any
notice. Our means of identifying Community Member Content that may infringe upon a third party's rights
or which is illegal or violates our code of conduct, is dependent on properly presented notifications
from third parties claiming that their rights have been violated. For Community Member Content which is
offensive or which you believe is illegal, notify us at [email protected] For infringing content,
please follow the procedures in paragraphs "f" and "g" below.
Repeat Infringer. We have and enforce a repeat infringer policy. We will terminate the
Accounts of any Community Member and/or Independent Broadcaster who is determined to be a repeat
infringer.
Infringement and the DMCA. We respect the creative efforts of Community Members and
non-community members and have no tolerance for anyone's use of a third party's intellectual property
without such third party's express permission. If you are a copyright owner and believe that your work
has been copied or in any way distributed or shared through someone's use of the Platform in a way that
constitutes copyright infringement, or your intellectual property rights have been otherwise violated,
please provide the Platform's Designated Copyright Agent the following information:
an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of
the copyright or other intellectual property interest;
description of the copyrighted work or other intellectual property that you claim has been
infringed;
a description of where on the Platform the material that you claim is infringing is located;
your address, telephone number, and email address;
a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by
the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
a statement by you made under penalty of perjury that the information in your Notice is accurate
and that you are the copyright or intellectual property owner or authorized to act on the
copyright or intellectual property owner's behalf.
Send your Notice of Claimed Infringement to:
Lawrence G. Walters, Esq.
195 W. Pine Avenue Longwood, FL 32750 Fax: (407) 774-6151 Email:
[email protected]
Do not send other inquires or information (other than Notices of Infringement) to our Designated
Agent. Any other inquiries should be sent to [email protected]
Infringement Counter-Notice. If your Community Member Content was removed (or access to
such Community Member Content was disabled), and your Community Member Content is not infringing, or if
you have the authorization from the copyright owner, the copyright owner's agent, or pursuant to the
law, to post and use the material in your Community Member Content, you may provide a counter-notice
containing the following information to the DMCA Agent listed above:
Your physical or electronic signature;
Identification of the Content that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the
location at which the Content appeared before it was removed or disabled;
A statement that you have a good faith belief that the Content was removed or disabled as a
result of mistake or a misidentification of the Content; and
Your name, address, telephone number, and e-mail address, a statement that you consent to the
jurisdiction of the federal court in Los Angeles, California, and a statement that you will
accept service of process from the person who provided notification of the alleged infringement.
If a counter-notice is received by the Copyright Agent, we may send a copy of the
counter-notice to the original complaining party informing that person that it may replace the
removed Content or cease disabling it in 10 business days. Unless the copyright owner files an
action seeking a court order against the Content provider, member or user, the removed Content
may be replaced, or access to it restored, in 10 to 14 business days or more after receipt of
the counter-notice, at our sole discretion.
CODE OF CONDUCT
Code of Conduct. You understand that we do not create or publish content. Instead, we
provide a platform to provide others with the ability to share their own content which they have all
rights and permissions to share. We work to implement only minimal rules intended to respect the rights
of others and comply with applicable law, and so that the Platform remains a safe location for Community
Members to express themselves. These community rules are guidelines for what is permissible through the
Platform and are subject to change. Please review our "Code of Conduct" located at Appendix
C which is hereby incorporated by reference and
made a part of these Terms.
PROMOTION OF THE PLATFORM
Registered users of the Platform may be eligible to participate in our affiliate advertising program and
potentially earn commissions based on the number and quality of registered user referred to the
Platform. For more information, please see Appendix
B, which
is hereby incorporated by reference and made a part of these Terms.
MISCELLANEOUS
Links to Other Sites. The Platform may contain links, posted by us or by one or more
Community Members, to other websites operated by independent third parties. These websites are not
operated by us and we are not responsible for any content or links they provide. Our linking to any
third-party sites is not an endorsement or certification as to the content, opinions expressed thereon
or safety or suitability of such site. When you access a link to another site, you are leaving the
Platform and accessing the third-party site at your own risk. Other sites are will have their own terms,
privacy policies and procedures and may contain malicious or destructive code, viruses, malware and
other tracking cookies. You should ensure that your device is adequately protected. WE SHALL NOT
BE LIABLE TO YOU IN ANY WAY FOR YOUR ACCESSING ANY THIRD PARTY LINKED SITES. Community members
may not post links (or references to links or third party sites generally) in their room subject or as
their location in their bio pages. We reserve the right to further restrict where links may be shared
and to which third party websites you may link or reference.
Proprietary Information. Elements of the Platform contain proprietary or confidential
information that belongs to us. We assert full copyright protection in the Platform, including all of
the design and code embodied therein. Any information shared or posted by us or by Community Members may
be protected whether or not it is identified as proprietary to us or to the sharing Community Member.
You will not modify, copy, or distribute any information on the Platform without the express written
permission of the owner of such information and may not use any automated means to scrape, download or
otherwise collect any data or content from the Platform including, without limitation, robots/bots,
crawlers, or data mining tools.
Disclaimer of Warranties. The Platform is provided on an "as is" and "as available"
basis. We do not warrant that the Platform will be uninterrupted or error-free. There may be delays,
omissions, and interruptions in the availability of the Platform. WHERE PERMITTED BY LAW, YOU
ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER, EITHER EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE; NOR DOES THE SITE MAKE ANY WARRANTY AS TO THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE
USE OF THE SERVICES OR AS TO THE ACCURACY OR RELIABILITY OF ANY INFORMATION OBTAINED THROUGH THE
SERVICES OR THAT DEFECTS IN ANY SOFTWARE, HARDWARE OR THE SERVICES WILL BE CORRECTED. YOU UNDERSTAND AND
AGREE THAT ANY USE YOU MAKE OF ANY MATERIAL AND/OR DATA DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE
OF THE SERVICE IS AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK, AND THAT YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY
DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OF SUCH MATERIAL AND/OR
DATA. We do not represent or endorse the accuracy or reliability of any advice, opinion, statement or
other information displayed, uploaded or distributed through the Platform by us or by any Community
Member or any other person or entity. You acknowledge that any reliance upon any such opinion, advice,
statement or information shall be at your sole risk. The site may contain errors, omissions or other
outdated information. We reserve the right to correct these errors. If you have any questions, or
believe you have encountered any type of error, please contact us at [email protected]
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. WHEN PERMITTED BY LAW, WE AND OUR AFFILIATED COMPANIES WILL NOT BE
RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY LOST PROFITS, REVENUES, LOSS OF DATA, FINANCIAL LOSSES, SPECIAL, INDIRECT
CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, EXCEPT WHERE CAUSED BY OUR GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL
MISCONDUCT. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, OUR LIABILITY TO YOU WILL NOT EXCEED, IN THE
AGGREGATE, THE LESS OF ANY UNUSED PORTION OF THE VIRTUAL MONEY YOU PURCHASED (BUT ONLY IF WE
DISCONTINUE THE USE OF VIRTUAL CURRENCY, OR IF YOU VOLUNTARILY CANCELLED YOUR ACCOUNT), OR THE SUM
OF $250 USD. IN ALL INSTANCES, WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE THAT IS NOT REASONABLY
FORESEEABLE.
Complaints. To resolve or report a complaint regarding the Platform or other Community
Members, send an email detailing your complaint to [email protected].
In appropriate circumstances, we will take immediate action in order to help resolve the problem. You
agree that in attempting to resolve any complaint you send to us we may, in our sole and exclusive
determination, share your complaint in part or in whole with other individuals involved and/or otherwise
implicated in the complaint.
Choice of Law. You agree that these Terms are governed by the laws of the State of
California, without regard to its choice of law provisions.
Arbitration. You hereby agree that, if we become involved in any dispute relating to or
arising out of your use of the Platform, any such claims, including any private attorney-general
representative claims, will be resolved by binding individual arbitration and not in court. There is no
judge or jury in arbitration proceedings, and awards made by an arbitrator are not generally appealable
in court except in rare circumstances. Arbitrators can, however, award damages on an individual basis
identical to what can be awarded by a judge. An arbitrator hearing a claim is obligated to follow these
Terms as a judge in a regular court proceeding would be. The United States Federal Arbitration Act and
United States federal arbitration law apply to these Terms. To commence an arbitration proceeding, you
must send a notice to us at [email protected] The arbitration will be conducted by the American
Arbitration Association (AAA) under its rules, including the Supplementary Procedures for
Consumer-Related Disputes, and the Federal Arbitration Act. The AAA rules are available at www.adr.org
or by calling 1-800-778-7879. Payment and fees for the arbitration are governed by the AAA rules. We
will reimburse the arbitration filing fees for claims less than $1,000 except where the claims are ruled
to be frivolous. The arbitration will be held in Los Angeles County, California. Neither party will be
entitled to an award of its attorneys' fees or costs incurred in arbitration, except where the court has
ruled that the other party's claim is frivolous.
Regardless of where you reside, to the fullest extent permitted by law, you expressly agree that
class action lawsuits, class-wide arbitrations, private attorney-general actions, and any other
proceeding where someone acts in a representative capacity are not allowed, nor is combining
individual proceedings without the consent of all parties.
Entire Agreement. These terms plus any policies referenced herein or on the site
represent the entire agreement between you and us. To the extent that there is a conflict between these
Terms and any other policy, these Terms will control except where expressly stated to the contrary.
Severability. These Terms are severable. If any provision or portion of these Terms is
held to be invalid or otherwise unenforceable, such provision or portion shall be interpreted to fulfill
its intended purpose to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, or if legally impossible, such
provision or portion shall be ineffective only to the extent of such invalidity, and the remainder of
these Terms will continue in full force and effect. If any provision or portion of these Terms may be
construed in two or more ways, one of which would render the provision invalid or otherwise voidable or
unenforceable and another of which would render the provision valid and enforceable, such provision will
have the meaning that renders it valid and enforceable.
[ BACK TO TOP ]
Free Cams
Featured Cams
Female Cams
Male Cams
Couple Cams
Trans Cams
Free Cams by Age
Teen Cams (18+)
18 to 21 Cams
20 to 30 Cams
30 to 50 Cams
Mature Cams (50+)
Free Cams by Region
North American Cams
Other Region Cams
Euro Russian Cams
Asian Cams
South American Cams
Free Cams by Status
Exhibitionist Cams
HD Cams
Private Shows
New Cams
Private Shows
6 Tokens per Minute
12 Tokens per Minute
18 Tokens per Minute
30 Tokens per Minute
60 Tokens per Minute
90 Tokens per Minute
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Support
Feedback
Security Center
Law Enforcement
Billing
Disable Account
Apps
Contest
Affiliate Program
18 U.S.C. 2257 Record Keeping Requirements Compliance Statement
© Copyright Www.webcamsex7.com 2011 - 2020. All Rights Reserved. 121
Whitelabel powered by Chaturbate.com