http://www.bdsm.ch/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy DatingLeads B.V.
During the processing of personal data bdsm.ch works conform the requirements of the applicable data protection legislation, like the General Data Protection Regulation. This means we:
clearly specify our purposes before we process personal data, by using this Privacy Statement;
limit our collection of personal data to only the personal data needed for legitimate purposes;
first ask for explicit permission to process your personal data in cases where your permission is required;
take appropriate security measures to protect your personal data and we demand the same from parties who process personal data on our behalf;
respect your right to access, correct or delete your personal data held by us.
DatingLeads B.V. is the party responsible for all data processing. In this privacy statement, we will explain what kind of personal data we collect and for which purposes within our bdsm.ch. We recommend that you read it carefully.
If you have any questions regarding the processing of personal data, you can find the contactdetails of DatingLeads B.V. at the end of this privacy statement.
This privacy statement was last modified on 01-03-2018.
Contact Form and newsletter
You can use our contact form to ask questions or make any request.
For this purpose, we use your email address and nickname.We need this data because of our agreement with you. We store this information until we are sure that you are satisfied with our response.
We offer a newsletter with which we want to inform interested parties about our products and / or services. Each newsletter contains a link with which you can unsubscribe. You must give permission for this.
Statistics and profiling
We keep statistics on the use of our users. These statistics help us to, for example, only show you information that is relevant to you. We may combine personal data to get to know more about you. We will of course respect your privacy at all times. If you do not want us to do these statistics, please let us know.
For this purpose, we use your nickname, birth date, gender, email address and ip address.We do this on the basis of your consent. We store this information for three months.
Providing to Third Parties
We collaborate with other organisations, that may receive your personal data.
We share data with the following parties for marketing purposes:
Of these parties, Mixpanel inc. is established outside the EU.
Buy Credits
Via bdsm.ch you can buy credits to use certain functionalities. We use your personal data to complete the transaction and to register the credits.
For this purpose, we use your ip address and payment details.We need this data because of our agreement with you. We store this information until your order has been completed. Certain types of personal data will be retained for a longer period with regards to the legal tax retention. (the legal retention period).
Providing to Third Parties
We collaborate with other organisations, that may receive your personal data.
To handle your order, we work together with:
Our Payment provider;
In-app purchases
Via bdsm.ch you can buy virtual objects which can be used in the app, for which your personal data are necessary to handle and register your orders.
For this purpose, we use your payment details, email address, nickname and ip address.We need this data because of our agreement with you. We store this information until your order has been completed. Certain types of personal data will be retained for a longer period with regards to the legal tax retention. (the legal retention period).
Providing to Third Parties
We collaborate with other organisations, that may receive your personal data.
To handle your order, we work together with:
Our Payment Provider
Acces to Portal
Within our portal, you can access a management environment where you can set, specify and change settings. We will keep track of your activities for proof.
For this purpose, we use your email address, name and address details, nickname, birth date and ip address.We need this data because of our agreement with you. We store this information for six months after our services to you have ended.
Providing to Third Parties
We collaborate with other organisations, that may receive your personal data.
Registration
Certain features of our service require you to register beforehand. You will have to provide some information about yourself and choose a username and password for the account that we will set up for you.
For this purpose, we use your birth date, nickname, phone number, name and address details, email address and ip address. We need this data because of our agreement with you. We store this information for six months after you closed your account.
We will retain this data so that you do not have to re-enter it every time you visit our website, and in order to contact you in connection with the execution of the agreement, invoicing and payment, and to provide an overview of the products and services you have purchased from us.
Providing to Third Parties
We collaborate with other organisations, that may receive your personal data.
Promotion
Other than the advertisements on the website, we can inform you about new products or services:
by e-mail;
You can object at all times against this promotional communication. Every e-mail contains a cancellation link. On social media, you can block us or use the cancellation option. You can also inform us through your account. Further, you can inform us through the portal.
Location Data
If necessary, we may collect your location data (GPS). If that is the case, you will be asked to grant consent beforehand.
This location data and other data can also be stored and processed by the provider of the navigation/mapping software, such as Google Maps, but the data could also be used by, for example, Google or Apple itself. We have no control over their actions. We recommend that you read the applicable privacy statement of the provider in question.
Publication
By registering at bdsm.ch we will publicate the following data:
Name;
Age;
Genderl
Picture
Your description
You have total control over which information you publicate and can delete this information at any time.
Providing Data to Third Parties
Except for the parties mentioned above, we do not under any circumstance provide your personal data to other companies or organisations, unless we are required to do so by law (for example, when the police demands access to personal data in case of a suspected crime).
Statistics
We keep statistics on the use of our users.
Cookies
bdsm.ch makes use of cookies. Cookies are small files in which we can store information, so that you do not have to fill in that information again. We can also use them to see whether you are visiting us again.
The first time you visit our , we will show you a notification explaining our cookies and ask for your permission for the use of these cookies.
You can disable the use of cookies through your browser setting, but some parts of our website may not work properly as a result of that.
We made arrangements with other parties who place cookies through our website. Nevertheless, we cannot fully control what they are doing with their cookies, so please read their privacy statements as well.
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to track visitors on our website and to get reports about how visitors use the website. We accepted the data processing agreement from Google. We don't allow Google to use information obtained by Analytics for other Google services, and we don't anonymize the IP-adresses.
Security
We take security measures to reduce misuse of and unauthorized access to personal data. We take responsibility in the security of your personal data. We renew our security measures to ensure safe storage of personal data and keep track what might go wrong.
Changes to this Privacy Statement
We reserve the right to modify this statement. We recommend that you consult this statement on a regular basis, so that you remain informed of any changes.
Inspection and Modification of your Data
You can always contact us if you have any questions regarding our privacy policy or wish to review, modify or delete your personal data.
You have the following rights:
Right of access: you have the right to see what kind of personal data we processed about you;
Right of rectification: you have the right to rectify any personal data we have processed about you, if this information is (partially) wrong;
Right to complain: you have the right to file a complain against the processing of your personal data by us, or against direct marketing;
Right to be forgotten: you can file a request with us to remove any personal data we processed of you;
Right to data portability: if technically possible, you have the right to ask us to transfer your processed personal data to a third party;
Right to restriction of processing: you can file a request with us to (temporarily) restrict the processing of your personal data.
If you exercise any of the rights mentioned above, we will ask to identify yourself with a valid ID, to conform it is your personal data. It is important that you hide your social security number and photo.
We will usually comply to your request within 30 days. This term can be extended if the request is proven to be complex or tied to a specific right. You will be notified about a possible extension of this term.
Complaints
If you think that we are not helping you in the right way, you have the right to lodge a complaint at the authority. For The Netherlands, this is the Autoriteit Persoonsgegevens.
Contact Details
DatingLeads B.V. 's-Hertogenbosch, Diavottenweg 40, 5222 BH. Chamber of Commerce 64928543, VAT: NL8559.07.526.B01, algemeen@datingklantenservice.nl
BDSM chat kontakt
Kostenlos anmelden für BDSM chat kontakt online!
BDSM Sexchat
Anmelden BDSM
Chat suchen
Bondage sex
Dominasuche
Domina schweiz
Fetischlady
sexanzeiger
Omasex
Sexchat
Sexchat BDSM
Bondage kontakte
Kinky
BDSM Chat
BDSM Sexanzeiger
BDSM Sklavin
Herrin sucht
Sadomaso chat
Kostenlos anmelden BDSM.ch
Auf BDSM.ch findest du SM chat ladies und geile Kontakte.
bdsm.ch © 2012 - 2020 |
Sitemap |
Preise |
FAQ |
Privacy policy |
AGB |
Contact
| Impressum
Diese Website verwendet Entertainmentprofile, physischer Kontakt mit diesen Profilen ist nicht möglich.