http://24ktsound.com/wp/privacy-policy/
Corporate and Special Event Video Production
Home
About
Video Services
Business and Organizations
Is Your Website Doing What You Think It Is?
Why Businesses Need Video: Parts 1 – 4
How to Book Your Business Video
Explainer Videos
Video Marketing
How Good is Video on My Website?
Amateur Videos Can Work Against You
Weddings
How to Book your Wedding/Special Event Video
How to Find a Good Videographer
Social Events, Celebrations and Life Histories
Shows and Performances
Wayfarers Chapel
Video Gallery
Business, Organizations, Non-Profits
Weddings
Social Events and Celebrations
Shows & Performances
Wayfarers Chapel
Testimonials
Business Related
Wedding & Special Events
Shows & Performances
Contact
(310) 547- 4702
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the 24KT Sound and Video website. On some pages, you can provide information for us to contact you.  The types of personal information collected at these pages may be: Name, Address, Email address, Phone number.
The Way We Use Information:
We use the information you provide about yourself when contacting us only to communicate with you.  We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete an order or project.
We never use or share any personally identifiable information provided to us online.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Our Commitment to Children’s Privacy:
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information on our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
No personally identifiable information is maintain online in a database on our website. You may contact us by phone with any questions at (310) 547-4702. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at (310) 547-4702 or send us an email to marc@24ktsound.com
Home
About
Video Services
Video Gallery
Testimonials
Contact
© Copyright 24KT Sound & Video 2020
- Sitemap - Privacy Policy