http://34.73.84.150/privacy-statement/
Search
Privacy Statement
You are here:
Home
Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
Updated: September 10, 2020
Introduction
Credit Technologies, Inc. is committed to protecting your privacy. This privacy statement explains data collection and use practices of the Credit Technologies, Inc., BestQualify.com and Mortgage Preflight sites (the “Sites”); it does not apply to other online or offline Credit Technologies, Inc. sites, products or services. By accessing these Sites, you are consenting to the information collection and use practices described in this privacy statement.
Related services and offerings with links from this web site, including partner sites, have their own privacy statements which can be viewed by clicking on the corresponding links within each respective web site.
Collection of Personal Information
We will explicitly ask you when we need information that personally identifies you (personal information) or allows us to contact you to provide a service or carry out a transaction that you have requested such as receiving information about Credit Technologies, Inc. products and services, ordering e-mail newsletters, joining a limited-access site or service, signing up for an event or training, or when downloading and/or registering Credit Technologies, Inc. products. The personal information we collect may include your name, title, company or organization name, work e-mail, work phone, work or home address, information about your job function, and information about your company.
The Sites may collect certain information about your visit, such as the name of the Internet service provider and the Internet Protocol (IP) address through which you access the Internet; the date and time you access the Sites; the pages that you access while at the Sites and the Internet address of the Web Sites from which you linked directly to our Sites. This information is used to help improve the Sites, analyze trends and administer the Sites. Our Sites may at times also collect information about your hardware and software in order to provide a requested service.
Use of Personal Information
The personal information collected on these Sites will be used to operate the Sites and to provide the service(s) or carry out the transaction(s) you have requested or authorized.  Credit Technologies, Inc. does not participate in the sale of consumer data commonly referred to as trigger leads.
In support of these uses, Credit Technologies, Inc. may use personal information to provide you with more effective customer service, to improve the Sites and any related Credit Technologies, Inc. products or services, and to make the Sites easier to use by eliminating the need for you to repeatedly enter the same information or by customizing the Sites to your particular preference or interests. In order to offer you a more consistent experience in your interactions with Credit Technologies, Inc., information collected by Credit Technologies, Inc. may be combined with information collected by other Credit Technologies, Inc. services.
We may use your personal information including your email address to provide you with important information about the products or services that you are using, including critical updates and compliance notifications. Due to the critical nature of these updates, you are not able unsubscribe. Additionally, we may send you information about other Credit Technologies, Inc. products and services.
Credit Technologies, Inc. may disclose personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
Conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Credit Technologies, Inc. or the Sites;
Protect and defend the rights or property of Credit Technologies, Inc. and our family of Web sites; or
Act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of Credit Technologies, Inc. employees or agents, users of Credit Technologies, Inc. products or services, or members of the public.
Security of Personal Information
Credit Technologies, Inc. is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access including data encryption, Firewall and Biometric systems. When we transmit any sensitive personal information (such as a credit card number) over the Internet, we protect it using encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Security Compliance Statement
Credit Technologies, Inc. treats all non-public personal information as confidential and uses this information solely in the provision of services to its clients. Credit Technologies, Inc. maintains administrative, physical and technical safeguards that comply with the Gramm Leach Bliley Act. In addition, Credit Technologies, Inc. maintains safeguards that meet or exceed other Federal and state requirements to protect and preserve the confidentiality of all information received by or provided to Credit Technologies, Inc.
Protection of Children's Personal Information
Credit Technologies, Inc., BestQualify.com and Mortgage Preflight are general audience sites and do not knowingly collect any personal information from children.
Use of Cookies
We use may use cookies on these Sites to personalize user experiences. A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you and can only be read by a Web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. For example, if you personalize a web page, or navigate within a site, a cookie helps the site to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of delivering relevant content, eases site navigation, and so on. When you return to the Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the site’s features that you customized.
We may occasionally opt to share aggregated site statistics with partner companies, but do not allow other companies to place cookies on our sites unless there is a temporary, overriding customer value (such as merging into Credit Technologies, Inc. a site that relies on third-party cookies).
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of this or other Web sites you visit.
Use of Web Beacons
Credit Technologies, Inc. Web pages may contain electronic images known as Web beacons – sometimes also called single-pixel gifs – that allow Credit Technologies, Inc. to count users who have visited those pages and to deliver co-branded services. Credit Technologies, Inc. may include Web beacons in promotional e-mail messages or newsletters in order to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon.
Some of these Web beacons may be placed by third party service providers to help determine the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns or email communications. These Web beacons may be used by these service providers to place a persistent cookie on your computer. Doing this allows the service provider to recognize your computer each time you visit certain pages or emails and compile anonymous information in relation to those page views. Credit Technologies, Inc. prohibits Web beacons from being used to collect or access your personal information.
Use of Client Login Features
The Client Login portion of these Sites uses unique user information to identify and provide secure sign-in for certain users. In order to sign into this portion of the Site, authorized users will be asked to type the login name and password provided to them by Credit Technologies, Inc. employees and/or their agents. For additional information about or assistance with Client Login features and usage, please contact your Credit Technologies, Inc. sales, technical or administrative representative.
Enforcement of this Privacy Statement
If you have questions regarding this statement, please contact Credit Technologies, Inc. at the postal and/or email address below.
Changes to this Statement
We may occasionally update this privacy statement. When we do, we will also revise the “updated” date at the top of this Privacy page and may also send you a notification directly. We encourage you to periodically review this privacy statement to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. Your continued use of the service constitutes your agreement to this privacy statement and any updates.
Contact Information
Credit Technologies, Inc. welcomes your comments regarding this privacy statement. If you believe that Credit Technologies, Inc. has not adhered to this privacy statement, please contact us electronically or via postal mail at the addresses provided below, and we will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
Credit Technologies, Inc.
Attn: Privacy Officer
50481 W Pontiac Trail
Wixom, MI 48393
Help@CreditTechnologies.com
248.313.1000
Scroll