https://abbeyvilleprinting.co.uk/conditions-of-use/
Conditions of use
Conditions of using our website
1.This website promotes the business referred to on it. In these conditions, we will refer to this business as the ‘Advertiser’.
2.A wide range of intellectual property rights are used in and relating to this website, including:
the trade marks and logos of the Advertiser;
the design, text, graphics and other content of the web pages on this website, together with all the web addresses associated with those web pages; and
all the software used in relation to this website.
3.The Advertiser is either the owner or the authorised licensee of these intellectual property rights.
About these conditions
4.If you access or use any part of this website you agree to these conditions. If you do not want to agree to these conditions, do not access or use this website.
5.We may change these conditions at any time without giving you notice. Please check these conditions from time to time for any changes. By continuing to use the website you agree to all the changes we make to these conditions.
Using this website
6.We collect and use information in line with our Privacy Policy. By using this website, you agree to the way in which we collect and use your information.
7.You cannot use this website:
for any unlawful purpose;
to send spam;
to harm, threaten, abuse or harass another person, or in a way that invades someone’s privacy or is (in our reasonable opinion) offensive or is unacceptable or damaging to us, our customers or suppliers;
to create, check, confirm, update or amend your own or someone else’s databases, records, directories, customer lists, mailing or prospecting lists;
to tamper with, update or change any part of the website;
in a way that affects how it is run;
in a way that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionably large burden on us or our suppliers’ communications and technical systems as determined by us; or
using any automated means to monitor or copy the website or its content, or to interfere with or attempt to interfere with how the website works.
Disclaimers
8.You use the website at your own risk.
9.You should not rely on the website for advice.
10.As far as the relevant laws allow, we do not guarantee that:
there will be no problems with how you use the website; or
the computer or server you use to log on to the website is free of viruses or other harmful programs.
Limits to our liability
11.There is no limit to what we and the people who provide our services will be liable for if someone dies or is injured because of our negligence or because we have committed fraud.
12.Under no circumstances will the Advertiser, the owner or operator of this website, or any of their group companies, employees, officers or agents, or any other organisation involved in creating, producing, maintaining or distributing the website be liable for any loss of:
profits;
business or business opportunities;
savings you expect to make;
goodwill;
use of, or corruption to information; or
information.
13.If we do not keep to these conditions, they will only be liable for losses you have suffered as a direct result. We are not liable to you for any other losses whether such losses are because we have not kept to our obligations or contract, because of something we have done or not done in negligence, due to defamatory statements or liability for a product or otherwise as a result of:
using or relying on the website;
not being able to use the website;
any mistake, fault, failure to do something, missing information, or virus on the website or if it does not work properly because of incidents outside of our control such as (but not limited to) interruptions to communication and networks and circumstances beyond our control;
theft, destruction of information or someone getting access to our records, programs or services without our permission;
goods, products, services or information received through or advertised on any website which we link to from this website; or
any information, data, message or other material which you email, post, upload, reproduce, send, or otherwise distribute or receive using the website.
The whole agreement
14.These conditions make up the whole agreement between you and us in how you use the website. If a court decides that a condition is not valid, the rest of the conditions will still apply.
The law
15.The laws of England and Wales apply to your use of the website and these conditions. We control the website from within the United Kingdom. However, you can get access to the website from other places around the world. Although, these places may have different laws from the laws of England and Wales, by using the website you agree that the laws of England and Wales will apply to everything relating to you using the website and you agree to keep to these laws. We have the right to take you to court in the country you live in.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website.OkDeclinePrivacy policy
Revoke cookies