https://abitibico.com/en/privacy-policy
Scott - Bluewater - Impex
0
Scott - Bluewater - Impex
0
Checkout
About us
Who We Are
Our
purpose
Online store
Fishing boats
Canoes
Kayaks
Spare parts
Warranty
Construction
Owner's manual
Adventures
Ambassadors
Contact Us
Dealers
Test drive
Contact Us
Career
Stay in the loop
Subscribe to our newsletter
Medias
Download Scott Brochure
Download Scott hunting and fishings product
Download Bluewater Brochure
Download Impex Brochure
Télécharger la brochure Scott chasse et pêche
Find your dealer
By accessing this website, you accept, without qualification, the terms and conditions contained below. abitibi&co. may at any time, without notice, revise these terms and conditions and the content of this website generally, by updating this posting. You agree to be bound by such revisions, and should periodically revisit this page to review the current terms and conditions.Although the contents of this website are believed to be reliable when posted, abitibi&co. cannot guarantee this information to be current, accurate or complete. Content is provided "as is" without warranties or conditions of any kind, express or implied. Your use of this website is at your own risk. Neither abitibi&co. nor any other party involved in creating, producing, or delivering the website is liable for any errors or omissions in the context of the website nor for any direct, special, incidental, consequential, indirect, or punitive damages arising out of your use of the website or the information contained herein. abitibi&co. assumes no responsibility and shall not be liable for any damages to, or viruses that may infect your computer equipment or other property as a result of your use of the website or your downloading of any materials from the website.COPYRIGHT AND TRADEMARKSAll contents of this website are the exclusive property of abitibi&co. or, as applicable, parties from whom abitibi&co. has licensed such content, and are protected under the copyright and trademark laws of Canada and other countries. All rights reserved. The information on this website may not be copied (except for personal use where indicated), reproduced or distributed in any form or by any means whether electronic, mechanical, printed, photocopied, recorded or otherwise, for any other purpose in whole or in part without the prior written permission of abitibi&co. Any infringement of abitibi&co. rights will result in appropriate legal action.MISCELLANEOUSThese terms and conditions and any subsequent revisions shall be governed by and interpreted according to the laws of Ontario and laws of Canada, as may be applicable. The information included on this website does not give a complete profile of abitibi&co.If you have any questions about our website, please email us at: info@abitibico.caPRIVACY POLICYAt abitibi&co. we are committed to protecting your privacy, and support a general policy of openness about how we collect, use and disclose your personal information.The purpose of this Privacy Statement is to inform you about abitibi&co. practices relating to the collection, use and disclosure of personal information through access to or use of our websites. By using our website, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information (as defined below) in accordance with the following terms and conditions. Please note that this Privacy Statement does not govern the privacy policies and procedures of abitibi&co.PERSONAL INFORMATIONFor the purpose of this Privacy Statement, "personal information" means information about an identifiable individual.Personal information shall include but is not limited to: (1) contact information such as name, residential address, postal code, e-mail address and non-business telephone number; (2) proof of identity such as a signature; (3) financial, and billing information such as a credit card number and expiration date; (4) demographic information such as age, gender, education and occupation; (5) and, publicity information such as personal photographs.COLLECTION AND USE OF CUSTOMER INFORMATIONCUSTOMER FEEDBACKabitibi&co. collects customer personal information when a customer contacts abitibi&co. directly to make inquiries or to provide feedback with respect to abitibi&co. or abitibi&co. products. Personal information collected from a customer includes but is not limited to: name, email address, non-business telephone number, and the date and time of the customer's visit to the abitibi&co. A customer must consent to abitibi&co. contacting them regarding any inquiry or feedback submitted to abitibi&co. using the online customer feedback form. Failure to provide necessary information may prevent abitibi&co. from fully addressing any customer feedback or inquiry.WHEN WE DISCLOSE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONExcept with your consent, we will not sell, license, trade or rent your personal information to or with others.We may share personal information with third parties engaged to assist us in providing services to you or to carry out one or more of the purposes described above. These service providers are prohibited from using your personal information for any purpose other than to provide this assistance and are required to protect personal information collected by them on behalf of abitibi&co. or disclosed to them by abitibi&co. and to comply with the general privacy principles described in this Privacy Statement.abitibi&co. reserves the right to disclose personal information to a third party if a law, regulation, search warrant, subpoena or court order legally requires or authorizes us to do so.abitibi&co. also reserves the right to disclose and/or transfer personal information to a third party in the event of a proposed or actual purchase, sale (including a liquidation, realization, foreclosure or repossession), lease, merger, amalgamation or any other type of acquisition, disposal, transfer, conveyance or financing of all or any portion of or of any abitibi&co. of the business or assets or shares of abitibi&co. or a division thereof in order for you to continue to receive the same products and services from the third party.KNOWLEDGE AND CONSENTabitibi&co. collects personal information about you only when you voluntarily provide it. By using our website, you signify your consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this Policy Statement. In certain circumstances, consent may be sought after the information has been collected but before use (for example, when we want to use information for a purpose not previously identified).The form of consent that we seek, including whether it is express or implied, will largely depend on the sensitivity of the personal information and the reasonable expectations of the individual in the circumstances.We will not, as a condition of the supply of a product or service, require you to consent to the collection, use or disclosure of information beyond that required to fulfill the explicitly specified and legitimate purposes for which the information is being provided.HOW WE PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONabitibi&co. makes commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that personal information collected from you is protected against loss, theft and unauthorized access. This protection applies in relation to information stored in both electronic and hard copy form. Access to your personal information is restricted to selected employees or representatives. In addition, abitibi&co. employs generally accepted information security techniques, such as firewalls, and access control procedures, to protect personal information against loss and unauthorized access.LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITESThis website may offer links to other third party websites. You should be aware that operators of linked websites may also collect your personal information (including information generated through the use of cookies) when you link to their websites. abitibi&co. is not responsible for how such third parties collect, use or disclose your personal information, so it is important to familiarize yourself with their privacy policies before providing them with your personal information.RETENTION AND STORAGE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONabitibi&co. retains your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected and to comply with applicable laws, and your consent to such purposes(s) remains valid after termination of our relationship with you.For the purposes set out in this Privacy Statement, abitibi&co. or a service provider may process and store your personal information outside of the province in which you reside and/or outside of Canada, and under the laws of those other jurisdictions, in certain circumstances courts, law enforcement agencies or regulatory agencies in those other provinces or foreign jurisdictions may be entitled to access your personal information.CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY STATEMENTabitibi&co. reserves the right to modify this Privacy Statement at anytime without notice to reflect changes in legal or regulatory obligations or changes in the manner in which we deal with personal information. The Privacy Statement posted at any time or from time to time via this website shall be deemed to be the Privacy Statement then in effect.CONTACTING USIf you have any questions or concerns about abitibi&co.'s Privacy Statement and/or practices, please email us at info@abitibico.ca
© 2020 - abitibi & co.
Products
Site map
Privacy Policy
Contact Us