https://ablonline.com/privacy-2/
Skip to content
Contact Us at (419) 536-5200
Your Privacy is our Priority
As an investor rights advocate for more than two decades it comes as no surprise that your privacy at Alan B. Lancz & Associates, Inc., is one of our leading priorities.We collect personal information to open your account(s), to process your transactions and to help us provide a better level of service. We do not sell your personal information to anyone. We protect the security and confidentiality of the personal information we collect.Our relationship with you is our most important asset. We understand that you have entrusted us with your private financial information, and we do everything we can to maintain that trust.We do not sell your personal or account information to anyone; such information can be separated into the following categories:Personal Information – This information may include, among other things, your name, address, phone number, social security number, marital status, spousal information if married, your occupation and employer, your tax bracket, name, address, and social security number of your beneficiaries, personal financial information that you provide to us on new account applications or other forms, or any additional information that you wish to share with your Financial Advisor.Information Regarding Your Account History – As part of establishing a business relationship with you, we collect and maintain information regarding your investment transactions and other activities that occur here at ABL, Inc.. This includes items such as your account balance, payments, withdrawals, account activity, and correspondence with you.Credit and Securities Industry Background Information – We may obtain a consumer or securities industry report about you upon the opening of your account from a reputable consumer reporting agency. These reports are used to verify your information, for general risk management decisions, or for any other legitimate business purpose.Trust and Estate Information – If you make use of our trust or estate planning services, personal and financial documents such as trust agreements, wills, and tax records may be collected.We do not disclose personal information to third parties for marketing purposes and would disclose such only via the following limited exceptions:We disclose personal information to companies that facilitate our business relationship with you (i.e. brokerage firms that we implement trades with on your behalf) or as requested by you (i.e. your CPA or tax attorney).We may disclose or report personal information in limited circumstances where we believe in good faith the disclosure is required or permitted under law, for example, to cooperate with regulators or law enforcement authorities, resolve consumer disputes, perform credit/authentication checks, or for institutional risk control.How Does ABL, Inc. Protect the Confidentiality of Your Personal Information?The sharing of information with these entities is essential for us to fully service our clients and to satisfy our legal and regulatory obligations. All of these entities have legal or other obligations with respect to the use and disclosure of your information. In addition, some of these entities may have and provide to you their own privacy policies. If our policy on disclosing information ever changes, we will promptly notify you in writing.We restrict access to nonpublic personal information about you to those employees at ABL, Inc. on a need to know basis for that information. Our employees are bound by a code of ethics requiring confidential treatment of customer information and are subject to disciplinary action if they fail to follow this code.We also maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal and industry standards to guard your nonpublic personal information. For example, we limit computer and file access to select associates of the firm and deny access to unauthorized personnel.We continue to evaluate our efforts to protect personal information and make every effort to keep your personal information accurate and up to date.If you identify any inaccuracy in your personal information, or you need to make a change to that information, please contact us so that we may promptly update our records.We will provide notice of changes in our information-sharing practices.If, at any time in the future, it is necessary to disclose any of your personal information in a way that is inconsistent with this policy, we will give you advance notice of the proposed change so that you will have the opportunity to opt-out of such disclosure.If you have any questions or concerns, please contact us by e-mail at privacy@ablonline.com or call us at (419) 536-5200.
Alan B. Lancz & Associates, Inc. is an independent nationally recognized Registered Investment Advisor with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Alternative Investments and other securities may be offered through Crescent Securities Group Inc. an Independent Registered Broker/Dealer (Member FINRA/SIPC). Alan B. Lancz & Associates, Inc. and Crescent Securities
Group, Inc. are unaffiliated entities. This site and the content herein are subject to certain disclosures. Please see "Disclosure"and "Terms of Service".
In The News
About Us
Why Choose ABL?
FAQ
Internships
John Templeton Interview
Services
Money Management
Sound Investing
ESG and Socially Responsible Investing
My ABL
Contact Us
Get our latest strategic insights delivered to your email box. Name *FirstLastEmail *EmailSubmit
Close