https://aboutfacecorp.com/privacy-statement/
Introducing ARCHIE™ | The Customer Experience Subscription
INVESTIGATORS ONLY | Shoppers & Panelists Login
Client Login
Introducing ARCHIE™
Shoppers & Panelists Login
Client Login
Privacy Statement & service guarantee
Privacy Statement
AboutFace has created this privacy statement to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. This statement sets forth our information gathering and dissemination practices for www.aboutfacecorp.com.
What We Collect and WhereOur sites use several different forms that our customers can use to request information, products and services. From these forms, we collect the following information:
Visitors’ contact information (like e-mail addresses)
Unique identifiers (like customer numbers)
IP addresses
How Secure is the Information We Collect?AboutFace™ makes every effort to follow industry standard security measures to prevent the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. All financial information is encrypted during transmission, and our company databases are accessible only to internal employees.
What Do We Use This Information For?
Contact InformationWe use your contact information to send you information that you requested about our company and to get in touch with you when necessary. You will be given this choice at the points where we request your information. For other ways to contact us, please see our Contact Us page.
IP addressesWe use your unique network address (IP address) to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site.
CookiesWe use cookies to keep track of your shopping cart and purchases during the time you view www.aboutfacecorp.com. We also use them to recognize return visitors and to track our promotions. We gather this information for internal use only and will never authorize the release of this information with anyone outside AboutFace™.
Linked SitesThis site contains links to external Web Sites. AboutFace™ is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these Web sites.
Service Guarantee
As the most awarded company in the industry, AboutFace has been setting and exceeding quality standards from the very beginning. We have developed quality processes, to protect our clients, in all aspects of our secret shopper services.
What you can expect:
100% of all secret shopper applicants are screened by our quality control team
Shoppers must complete a certification through our Supplier Connection
Shoppers are then segmented and pre-qualified for assignments based on client needs
Proof-of-Visits, like receipts or collateral, are required for all evaluations
Each evaluation is reviewed by a dedicated quality control team member
Team members must earn high rankings to receive additional work
100% of all secret shoppers receive feedback by our quality team membersLess than 1% of the time clients find issues. At that time, they can enter the issue into the Obsessive Care Pipeline. We will provide a resolution according to the Service Guarantee, as stated:If any evaluation does not yield “useful” information, AboutFace will provide the Client with an additional evaluation the following month or round at no charge as long as the Client first informs us within 30 days of the shopping date. The Service Guarantee cannot be enforced if the Client does not “like” the information; instead, the information must be lacking in detail or too vague to glean anything “significant”.AboutFace will research the request and provide detailed information regarding the inquiry for resolution.Bottom line, we stand behind our work 100%.
Mystery shopping or a mystery consumer or secret shopper, is a tool used externally by market research companies, watchdog organizations, or internally by companies themselves to measure quality of service, or compliance with regulation, or to gather specific information about products and services. The mystery consumer’s specific identity and purpose is generally not known by the establishment being evaluated.
AboutFace provides the research, technology, guidance and exclusive services, leaders need to gain strategic advantage over their competition.
EASY ACCESS TO ABOUTFACE
678.989.2290
877.770.8585 (Toll Free)
For Sales Inquiries, email bizdev@aboutfacecorp.com
Client Login
GIG CENTRAL
Become A Mystery ShopperINVESTIGATOR LOGIN:  Shoppers & PanelistsBecome An Editor or Scheduler
SCAM Alerts
Report and Review SCAM Notices
TAKE ACTION
Quick Links
ABOUT US
INDUSTRIES WE SERVE
SOLUTIONS
CONTACT
GIG CENTRAL
related
PAIGEHARTSFIELD.COM
Featured products & services
ARCHIE:  CX SUBSCRIPTION
CUSTOMER FORENSIX™
SECRET SHOPPING PROGRAMS
ADVANCED CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE STRATEGY (ACES)
CX RESEARCH SERVICES
COMPLIANCE PROGRAMS
EXCLUSIVE SERVICES
With over two decades of experience, AboutFace has been delivering consumer insights and engagement strategies for global brands on their journeys to create customer-centric cultures.
5579-B Chamblee Dunwoody Road, Suite 204Atlanta, GA 30338
Quick Links
About us
Industries we serve
Solutions
Contact
Gig Central
RELATED
PAIGEHARTSFIELD.COM
Featured products & services
ARCHIE: CX Subscription
Customer FORENSIX™
Secret Shopping Porgrams
Advanced Customer Experience Strategy (ACES)
CX Research Services
Compliance Programs
Exclusive Services
With over two decades of experience, AboutFace has been delivering consumer insights and engagement strategies for global brands on their journeys to create customer-centric cultures.
5579-B Chamblee Dunwoody Road, Suite 204Atlanta, GA 30338
COPYRIGHT © 2020 ABOUTFACE |   ALL RIGHTS RESERVED   |   PRIVACY STATEMENT