https://abrisatechnologies.com/privacy-policy/
Coating Solutions
Capabilities Overview
Optical Coatings Capabilities
CleanVue™ PRO Oleo/Hydrophobic Coating
Anti-Reflective (AR) Coatings
Indium Tin Oxide (ITO & IMITO)
Heat Control
UV Filters
Dichroics & Color Correction Filters
Beam Splitters
Mirrors and Metals
Wavelength Selection Filters
IR Filters
Neutral Density Filters & Dark Mirrors
Glass Products
High Ion-Exchange (HIE™) Chemically Strengthened Aluminosilicate Thin Glass
AGC Dragontrail™ Chemically Strengthened Glass
Corning® Gorilla® Glass Supplier
SCHOTT Xensation®
Borosilicate Glass
SCHOTT Borofloat® 33 Multi-Functional Float Glass
SCHOTT D 263® T eco Ultra-Thin Glass
SCHOTT Duran® Lab Glass (Tubed)
SCHOTT Supremax® Rolled Borosilicate
Glass / Ceramic
SCHOTT Pyran® Fire Rated Ceramic Glass
SCHOTT Robax® Transparent Ceramic Glass
Specialty Glass
Ultra-Thin SCHOTT AS 87 eco Aluminosilicate Glass
Low Reflection & Non Glare Glass
AGC EN-A1 Alkali Free Boro-Aluminosilicate Glass
Dead Front Panel Glass
Semi-Transparent Mirrors
Corning® Eagle XG
Laminated Glass
SCHOTT Superwhite B 270® Flat Glass
X-Ray Glass
Weld Shield
White Flashed Opal
Soda-Lime Glass
Anti-Glare Reducing Etched Glass
Clear & Tinted
Grey Glass
Heat Absorbing Float Glass
Low-E Glass
Low Iron
Patterned Glass
Quartz / Fused Silica
Corning® 7980
GE 124
Glass Fabrication
Glass Cutting
Glass Edging
Glass Screen Printing
Glass Chemical Strengthening
Glass Machining
Glass Cleaning
Glass Metrology
Glass Packaging
Home
About Us
Product Quick List
FOLLOW US ON:
Contact Us
News & Events
Markets & Applications
Privacy Policy
Resource Center
Tech Notes & Application Notes
Glossary of Terms
Spec Sheets
Guide to Glass
Custom Glass Fabrication Capability Brochure
Specialty Glass Technical Capability Brochure
Thin Film Coatings Technical Capability Brochure
Fabrication Facts
Coatings Corner
Privacy Policy
Abrisa Technologies, (the “Company”) respects your personal privacy and is committed to adhering to federal and state privacy laws and industry guidelines in order to protect you and your identity.
This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) describes how we handle the personal information of users of the Company’s web site (the “Web Site”).
Please be sure to read this entire Privacy Policy before using, submitting, or uploading information and material to the Web Site.
If you are unwilling to accept the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy, we ask that you do not use the Web Site.
By using the Web Site, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
When you submit information via the Web Site, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
After reading this Privacy Policy, which is incorporated into and is a part of the Company’s Terms of Use, you will know:
What information the Company collects from you
How the Company may use and disclose information obtained through the Web Site
What about information you post
What about third party services you access through the Web Site
What choices you have about how the Company treats your information
How the Company protects your privacy
What the Company does about children using the Web Site
How you can contact the Company
The Company reserves the right to occasionally update this Privacy Policy. At such time, the Company will also revise the “last updated” date at the end of the Privacy Policy. For material changes to this Privacy Policy, the Company will notify you by placing prominent notice on the Web Site. We recommend that you periodically review this Privacy Policy.
1.	INFORMATION THE COMPANY COLLECTS FROM YOU
Active Information Collection
Like many other service providers and web site operators, we actively collect information from our visitors both by asking specific questions through the Web Site and by permitting you to communicate with us directly via e mail.
Some of the information that you submit during the registration process may be personally identifiable (that is, information that can be uniquely identified with you, such as your name, address, phone number, e-mail address, etc.).
Also, if the Company sells products directly through the Web Site, when you place an order, you may be required to provide financial information.
When you use the Web Site, we will not collect any personally identifiable information about you unless you provide it to us voluntarily.
During the registration process you will be asked for both personal and demographic information, most of which is required in order to complete the registration.
We will inform you which information is optional.
If you opt not to register with the Web Site, you can still visit the Web Site, but you will not be able to post messages on the forums or chat areas or make a purchase.
We also collect personal information when you enter into any promotions, sign up for newsletters and other e-mails or participate in any of our polls.
For purposes such as improving personalization of our services, we may receive information about you from other sources. Like the information you provide to us, we do not share this information with anyone except authorized third parties in connection with providing you with our services.
Passive Information Collection
As you navigate through a web site, certain information can be passively collected (that is, gathered without you actively providing the information) using various technologies, such as navigational data collection.
For example, when using the Web Site, we and/or our service providers may track IP addresses, use session and persistent cookies and assign Internet tags.
Our system may also automatically gather information about the areas you visit on the Web Site and collect operational information about the technology you use, such as your browser, operating systems, Internet Protocol address, system and application software, peripherals, Internet service providers and the domain name of the web site from which you linked to the Web Site.
In addition, when you view the Web Site, we may store some information on your computer.
This information will be in the form of a cookie or similar file and will help us in many ways.
Most Internet browsers enable you to erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block all cookies or receive a warning before a cookie is stored.
However, if you choose to block cookies, you may not be able to access and use the Web Site in its entirety.
The Company does not collect personally identifiable information automatically, but we may tie information collected automatically to your previously submitted personally identifiable information.
If you select the “remember me” function which will keep you signed onto the Web Site automatically, an encrypted hash string that can only be decoded by the Company’s servers will be used to identify users.
The Company reserves the right to use electronic images known as web beacons—also referred to as single-pixel gifs—that permit the Company to count users who have visited those pages and for other related statistics (e.g., recording the popularity of certain web site content and verifying system and server integrity). Web beacons are not used to access your personal information on the Web Site; they are solely used to compile aggregated statistics concerning the use of the Web Site. Web beacons collect only a limited set of information including a cookie number, the time and date of a page view and a description of the page on which the web beacon resides.
We passively collect information to understand what areas of the Web Site are most popular, which areas may require improvement and what technologies are being used by our visitors.
This information helps us to update and improve the Web Site.
We also use this information for security purposes, to detect and to block security breaches and to provide you with a safe online environment.
2.	HOW THE COMPANY MAY USE AND DISCLOSE INFORMATION OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEB SITE
Except as otherwise stated, we may use information collected to improve the Web Site, to customize the Web Site to your preferences, to communicate information to you, for our marketing and research purposes and for any other purpose specified.
In addition, we may make full use of all information acquired through the Web Site that is not in personally identifiable form.
Your contact information (e.g., e-mail addresses, phone number) will only be used for the purposes for which you supplied it to us (e.g., responding to your comments or requests for information, sending requested newsletters, etc.).
If you provide personally identifiable information to the Web Site, we may combine such information with other actively collected information unless we specify otherwise at the point of collection.
We may disclose personally identifiable information you provide via the Web Site to third parties, but only:
to contractors we use to support our business (such as technical support, web analytics and financial institutions), in which case we will require such third parties to agree to use it for the same purposes;
in the event of a sale, merger, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization, assignment or other transfer of the Company or the business of the Web Site to which the information relates, in which case we will require any such buyer to agree to treat it in accordance with this Privacy Policy and use it for the same purposes;
to respond to law enforcement requests, where required by applicable laws, court orders, or government regulations, or where the Company has reason to believe infringing material has been posted on the Web Site; and
in situations involving threats to the physical safety of any person.
The Company does not otherwise distribute to third parties your personally identifiable information.
The Company, however, will have no liability for disclosure of information obtained due to errors in transmission or the unauthorized intervention of third parties.
The Company may provide aggregate statistics about its customers, sales, online traffic patterns and related information to reputable third parties, but these statistics will not include any personally identifying information.
3.	WHAT ABOUT INFORMATION YOU POST
If you post personal information online that is accessible to the public, that information becomes publicly available and can be collected and used by others and redistributed through the Internet and other media channels. You may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return. We recommend caution when giving out personal information to others in these public online forums.
4.	WHAT ABOUT THIRD PARTY SERVICES YOU ACCESS THROUGH THE WEB SITE
There may be links on the Web Site provided to other web sites and/or resources over which the Company has no control.
These links are provided solely as a convenience to users and should not be construed as an affiliation with or endorsement by the Company. You access and use such other web sites, including the content, items or services on those web sites, solely at your own risk.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of third parties that the Company does not own or control.
You should always review the privacy policies of these companies.
The Company makes no representations or warranties with respect to the content, ownership or legality of any such linked web sites or services.
5.	CHOICES YOU HAVE ABOUT HOW THE COMPANY USES YOUR INFORMATION
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us.
We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
You may also send us an e-mail message at webmaster@abrisatechnologies.com to request access to, correct or delete any personal information that you have provided to us.
Should you elect to have all of your information deleted, we will also delete your user account.
However, copies of your information may remain in back up storage for some time after your deletion.
6. 	HOW THE COMPANY PROTECTS YOUR INFORMATION
We work hard to protect your personal information.
We use both technical and procedural methods to maintain the integrity and security of our databases.
But you should keep in mind that no Internet transmission is ever completely secure or error-free.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you.
Never share your password with anyone else, notify us promptly if you believe your password security has been breached, and remember to log off of the Web Site before you leave your computer.
7.	WHAT THE COMPANY DOES ABOUT CHILDREN USING THE WEB SITE
The Web Site is not intended for children under the age of 13.
We will not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from visitors under the age of 13.
We encourage parents to talk to their children about their use of the Internet and the information they disclose online.
If a child has provided us with personally identifiable information, a parent or guardian of that child may contact us via e-mail at webmaster@abrisatechnologies.com if they would like this information deleted from our records.
We will use reasonable efforts to delete the child’s information from our databases.
8.	HOW YOU CAN CONTACT THE COMPANY
If you have submitted personally identifiable information through the Web Site or an interactive advertisement, or if someone else has submitted your personally identifiable information through the Web Site or an interactive advertisement, and you would like to have that information deleted from our marketing databases, please contact us via e-mail at webmaster@abrisatechnologies.com.
We will then use reasonable efforts to remove your personally identifiable information from our files.
You may also contract the Company to view your information.
The Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to supply you with this information and correct any factual inaccuracies in this information.
If you have any questions, comments or concerns about this Privacy Policy or the information practices of this Web Site, please contact us at webmaster@abrisatechnologies.com.
If this Privacy Policy changes; the revised policy will be posted on the Web Site.
Please check back periodically, and especially before you provide any personally identifiable information.
Changes will not apply retroactively to personal information that was collected before the changes to the Privacy Policy, except as may be required by law.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on November 23, 2010.
CH01/ 25633458.1
Request Info or Quote
Career Center
Sign up for our E-newsletter
Email:
Home | About Us | Markets & Applications | Products & Services | News & Events | Contact Us
Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Site Map | Terms of Sale | Send Comments About this Site to: Abrisa Technologies Webmaster
AbrisaTechnologies.com © 2010 Abrisa Technologies All Rights Reserved