https://academyleadership.com/privacy.asp
Our Philosophy
Our Team
Programs
First Time Leaders
Experienced Leaders
Executives and Teams
Customize Your Program
View All
Keynote Speaking
Resources
Books
Brochures & Whitepapers
Case Studies
Leadership Philosophy Samples
Newsletters
Contact Us
Academy Leadership Privacy Policy
Academy Leadership takes your privacy seriously. The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to describe how Academy Leadership may collect, use and disclose your Personally Identifiable Information.
What This Privacy Policy Covers
This Privacy Policy covers how Academy Leadership treats personal information that we gather when you are accessing or using our websites or services, or when you contact us in any manner, including information related to your past use of Academy Leadership products and services. We gather various types of information, including information that identifies you as an individual.
Information We Collect
Information You Provide to Us
Academy Leadership collects Personally Identifiable Information when you register for any Academy Leadership course, sign up for our newsletter, download literature, purchase products, or request information. Personally Identifiable information includes, but is not limited to, your name, address, email address, or phone number, and anything else that is not otherwise publicly available. This information is used to fulfill your requests for products and services, send monthly emails, and to contact you.
The information collected may include:
Name
Occupation
Organization
Industry
Email address
Telephone number
Billing Address
Shipping Address
Name and Title of Your Supervisor
Supervisor’s Phone Number
Supervisor’s Email Address
Information We Collect Automatically
When you visit any of our websites, we collect and retain certain information related to your device, such as your IP address, landing page, referring website, pages visited, and date and time that you visited our website.
This information is used to improve the performance of our sites and services.
Cookies
We use Google Analytics Cookies throughout our website. Google uses different types of cookies to run Google websites and Ad-related products. User Information collected by the cookies may be transmitted to and stored on Google servers anywhere in the world in accordance with Google privacy practices. To see an overview of privacy at Google and how this applies to these Google cookies, visit https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245. You may opt out of Google Analytics tracking by visiting https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/181881.
We also use Pardot Cookies to track your visit and improve your browsing experience. These cookies do not store personally identifying information, only a unique identifier, and can be removed at any time by deleting cookies from your browser.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
Academy Leadership does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or non-affiliated companies, except to provide products or services which you have requested.
We may share your information with third party vendors, consultants and other service providers who we employ to perform tasks on our behalf. These companies include our payment processing providers (e.g., PayPal), event management system (e.g. Cvent), website analytics companies (e.g., Google Analytics), CRM service providers (e.g., Salesforce), email service providers (e.g. Pardot), and others.
If Academy Leadership has received your Personal Information in the United States and subsequently transfers that information to a third party agent or service provider for processing, Academy Leadership shall remain responsible for ensuring that such third party agent or service provider processes your Personal Information to the standard required. Unless we tell you differently and you consent, our agents do not have any right to use the Personal Information we share with them beyond what is necessary to assist us.
Confidentiality and Security
We employ appropriate security measures to protect your information from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction. .
We have physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to protect your personal information against loss, theft, and misuse. We limit access of your personal information to employees who need to come into contact with that information in order to provide products or services to you, or to do their jobs.
Email Communications
We communicate critical event information via email for all of our courses. If you have registered for a course, please do not opt out of receiving email communications or you may miss pertinent information.
You may opt-out of receiving promotional email communications from us at any time by following the unsubscribe instructions located at the bottom of the email or by clicking here.
Information Access, Correction and Deletion
You may request access to the personal information we have on you at any time by contacting us at privacy@academyleadership.com. In order to comply with your request, we may ask you a few questions to verify your identity.
You may request that your personal information be updated, corrected or deleted at any time by sending a request to privacy@academyleadership.com.
You may decline to share certain Personal Data with us, in which case we may not be able to provide you with some of the features and functionality of our products or services.
All requests will be honored and responded to within 48 business hours.
Data Retention
We only retain the Personal Data collected from a client or visitor for as long as their account is active or as long as we need it to fulfill the purposes for which we have initially collected it. We will retain and use information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements as follows:
Credit Card information is never retained.
Order history information is retained for a period of 5 years.
The basic information provided during completion of any of our web surveys (e.g. Energize2LeadTM) will be retained until you delete your account or request to have your account deleted.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
Academy Leadership
500 Ocean Drive, Suite E12D
Juno Beach, FL 33408
610.783.0630
privacy@academyleadership.com
Legal Disclosure
The law requires that we may be required to share your personal information and non-personal information pursuant to judicial or governmental subpoenas, warrants or orders. If we are required to do so, we will obey the law. In addition, notwithstanding any term to the contrary in this Privacy Policy, we reserve the right to use and disclose your personal and non-personal information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, or as otherwise required by law.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Academy Leadership may update this policy at any time. As such, clients and visitors are encouraged to periodically review this page for any updates or changes.
This Page was last updated on May 24, 2018
LEARN MORE
Our Facilitator Team
Programs
Leadership Philosophy
CONNECT
Contact Academy Leadership
Request a Speaker
Become a Franchisee
RESOURCES
Books
Leadership Philosophy
Newsletter Articles
Sign-Up
Open Enrollment Registration
Custom Leadership Programs
Newsletter Sign-up
LOGIN
Energize2Lead™ Login
Franchisee Login
Privacy Policy | Sitemap
Copyright ©
Academy Leadership ®. All rights reserved.