http://accessworldwide.net/privacy-policy/
Track
Login
Menu
AllAccess Portal
Forgot Username/Password
×
Track Your Package
×
<--!
Forgot Username/Password
-->
Home
Shipping
Mailing
Why Us
About
Partners
Services
Global Report
Show Savings
Blog
Contact Us
Track
Login
Privacy Policy
Last update: July 9, 2019
At Access Worldwide, Inc. (“Access Worldwide”), we are committed to respecting and protecting your privacy. We do so in compliance with applicable United States federal and state laws. Access Worldwide has implemented technical, administrative and physical measures to safeguard any consumer personal information that we may collect.
This Privacy Policy:
describes the type of personal information we collect about consumers, how we may use such information, and with whom we may share such information,
describes measures we take to protect consumers’ personal information, and
tells you how you can:
access, or request us to change or delete, certain personal information we maintain about you,
withdraw consent you gave us previously,
ask us to stop sending you certain communications, and
request us to answer your questions about our privacy practices.
This Privacy Policy applies only to Access Worldwide, Inc. It does not apply to any affiliate of Access Worldwide, Inc., to any shipper that Access Worldwide, Inc. may engage for shipment of packages, or to any other third party. This Privacy Policy does not apply to personal information collected about Access Worldwide’s employees or applicants for employment.
Should you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us as described in the “How to Contact Us” section of this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy covers the following topics:
Personal Information We Collect
How We Use the Personal Information We Collect
Cookies
Information We Share
Data Retention
How We Protect Your Personal Information
Your Options Regarding Your Personal Information
How to Contact Us
Updates to this Privacy Policy
Personal Information We Collect
What We Collect and How We Collect It
The types of personal information about consumers that we collect depends on the services you receive from us or engage us to provide. Personal information about consumers we collect may include (and that we have collected in the last twelve months includes):
Individual and business contact information (identifiers such as a real name, company name, physical or postal address, telephone or fax number, email address, and account name)
Shipping information (such as contact information for the sender, the recipient, or a consignee or neighbor, including real name, company name, physical address, telephone number and email address) and information about the content of shipments to the extent it is possible to link such content to an identifiable person
Physical location data, such as GPS, map and similar data or images of physical locations
Information that allows us to verify the identity of a person
Information that allows us to perform services, fulfill orders, or perform the terms of a contract
Information provided in response to surveys or marketing communications
Signatures
Names, addresses, telephone numbers and email addresses of persons to whom we are requested to provide information
Username, password, and other credentials used to login to Access Worldwide’s website portal and/or access Access Worldwide’s services
Information that you provide to us for the purpose of registering with us, accessing services available on our website, and/or subscribing to our blog and/or email notifications
Social media handles, content and other data posted on our official social media pages or elsewhere on the Internet (such as websites on which customer reviews may be posted, and other public locations)
Payment information (such as identification numbers, bank account information and invoicing address)
Tax identification number, in circumstances in which you provide to us, or ask us to provide, products or services for which a tax identification number is required
On our website, in email communications, or in advertisements we may place on other websites, we may use automated means, such as cookies, pixels, web beacons and similar tools (“Cookies”), to collect information. Certain third parties may also use Cookies on our website. For more details about Cookies, please see the “Cookies” section of this Privacy Policy.
Where we collect information from you, if you decline to provide us with such requested information, you may not be able to use certain functions or features of our website, and you may not be able to purchase or access our services or certain offers and content, whether via our website or otherwise.
Some of the personal information we collect may come from third parties, such as businesses that perform services or provide products to us, including analytics or marketing services providers, as well as public databases.
Parents, Guardians and Children
Access Worldwide’s website is intended for visitors who are at least 18 years of age and the age of majority in their jurisdiction of residence. Access Worldwide does not knowingly solicit information from, or market products or services to, children. If you do not meet the age requirements set forth above, please do not enter your personal information on this website.
Third-Party Applications and Websites
Access Worldwide may make available on its website third-party applications such as content linking or sharing facilities, or links to third-party websites. Access Worldwide does not control such third-party applications or websites. Information collected by or through such applications or third-party websites is subject to the privacy policies of the third parties that provide those applications or websites, and we are not responsible for those parties’ information practices. We encourage you to review the relevant third party’s privacy policies regarding information they collect by or through their applications or websites.
How We Use the Personal Information We Collect
We may collect, use, transfer or disclose your personal information (A) in order to perform our contractual obligations to our customers, (B) for legitimate business interests such as marketing and improvement of our services, (C) to comply with legal obligations, and (D) to protect your and others’ vital interests. More specifically, we may collect, use, transfer or disclosure your personal information to:
Personalize the experience of those who use our website or view our advertisements and allow us to deliver the type of content and product or service offerings in which you are most interested
Communicate with our customers and fulfill customer orders and our contractual obligations
Make shipping arrangements with package and mail shippers
Monitor and track shipments and send tracking updates
Provide other services that our customers request, such as order fulfillment, mailing services, and shipping/mailing data management
Provide customer support
Communicate with you about your questions, comments and inquiries
Establish and manage your accounts (including online accounts) with Access Worldwide
Provide information about governmental, weather and other events and actions affecting mail and package shipping or our operations
Communicate with you about offers, promotions and products and services that we think might be of interest to you
Enable you to access, receive and post on our blog and social media accounts and otherwise interact with us via social media or our website
Send marketing information
Process claims we receive related to our services
Operate, assess and improve our business and business practices, such as ensuring the security and functionality of our computer networks and systems and backing up and recovering data; invoicing, collecting, and performing other financial functions; product and services development; evaluating our sales and marketing efforts and analyzing marketing data; improving our website and customer portal; and enhancing customer service
Identify and protect against fraud and other illegal activities
Comply with applicable legal requirements, including reporting requirements, and our own policies, and monitor our compliance efforts
Pursue, exercise and defend legal claims and rights
For some of our customers, we provide order fulfillment, mailing, and shipping/mailing data management services. In order for us to perform those services, those customers may share with us personal information about their customers. We process that information based on our agreements with those customers.
Your personal information may be processed and maintained by our service providers in countries other than the one in which it was collected.
Information Collected Via Cookies
For details about how we use information collected via Cookies, please see the “Cookies” section of this Privacy Policy.
Cookies
The information in this “Cookies” section of our Privacy Policy is intended to provide you with information about automated means, such as cookies, pixels, web beacons and similar tools (“Cookies”) used on our website or in our email communications to collect information. This “Cookies” section:
describes the type of personal and device information we collect via Cookies on our website or in our email communications,
describes the specific Cookies used to collect information, what information they collect, and the purpose for their collection of information, and
describes how we use information collected via Cookies.
The information in this “Cookies” section applies to Access Worldwide’s website and to email communications sent by Access Worldwide.
Except for information collected by strictly necessary Cookies to enable display and navigation of our website on your device, information that we collect from you on our website (a) is only provided voluntarily or (b) is collected automatically by Cookies after you consent to the use of Cookies. However, if you decline to provide us with such requested information, such as by disabling Cookies, you may not be able to use certain functions or features of our website, and you may not be able to purchase or access our services or certain offers and content, via our website.
Information We Collect Via Cookies
On our websites and in some of our email communications, we use Cookies (i.e., automated means, such as cookies and pixels) to collect information. The information collected in this way may include your device’s unique identifier, IP address (static or dynamic), geographical location (geolocation data), device and browser type, language, and settings, operating system, domain server, referring and exit pages and URLs, pages you visit while on our website, actions you take, and when activity occurs. A “cookie” is a small text file that a website sends to your computer, mobile phone or other device connected to the Internet when you visit the website. The cookie allows the website to recognize your browser when you visit that site again, and it may also store user preferences and other information and settings. A “pixel” (sometimes called a “pixel tag,” “clear GIF,” or “web beacon”) is a type of technology that, when placed on a website or in an email, allows tracking of a certain activity, such as opening an email or viewing a website.
When on our website, information may also be collected about your device. This information may include your type of computer or device, operating system and version (iOS, Android, Windows), carrier and country location, and similar information, as well as any of the following: Universally unique ID (UUID), advertising identifier (IDFA), MAC address, hardware and processor information (e.g., processor/storage chip and speed), and network type (Wi-Fi, 4G, LTE, etc.).
Some of this data is collected by third-party analytics tools and advertising networks, or other third-party providers of apps, tools, widgets, and plug-ins. We and those third parties may collect information about you over time and across our and third-party websites.
Some of the data collected is necessary in order for our website to function properly for you as the viewer. Other data collected helps us understand usage patterns on our website. Some data collected may be used to help us target advertising to potential customers, or may be linked to other data we collect to develop contact information about potential or actual customers. Third parties that provide analytics tools, advertising networks, and other apps, tools, widgets, and plug-ins on our website, such as buttons that link to Facebook, Twitter or LinkedIn, also may use Cookies to collect information about how you interact with these features.
Information Collected by Third Parties Via Cookies
Third parties (such as, for example, Google AdWords Advertising) provide content linking or sharing facilities, analytics tools, advertising networks and other applications, tools, widgets, and plug-ins (“Third-Party Applications”) on our website, email communications and advertisements. These Third-Party Applications also may use Cookies to collect information about how you interact with these features. These Cookies are set when you visit our website, open or respond to our email communications, or view an advertisement we have placed on another website. Information collected via these Cookies may include information about who opens our email communications, which of our and others’ website pages you access, the frequency of such access, and your product and service preferences. Information collected through Third-Party Applications is collected directly by the parties that provide those Third-Party Applications. Access Worldwide does not control such Third-Party Applications. Information collected by or through such Third-Party Applications is subject to the privacy policies of the third parties that provide those Third-Party Applications. We encourage you to review the relevant third party’s privacy policies regarding information they collect by or through their Third-Party Applications. By using our website, you consent to the processing of data about you by such third parties in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
Cookies on Our Website
The Cookies (including those of third parties) that collect data on our website are described below, by category:
Strictly Necessary Cookies: These Cookies are necessary in order to give you the ability to navigate a website and use its features.
Cookie
Provider
Purpose
_dc_gtm_UA-#
accessworldwide.net
This cookie is associated with Google Tag Manager which we use to load scripts and code into our website pages.
Statistics Cookies: These Cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously.
Cookie
Provider
Purpose
_ga
Google Analytics
Distinguishes unique website users by assigning a randomly generated number as a client identifier. Used to calculate visitor, session and campaign data for site analytics reports.
_gid
Google Analytics
Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
collect
Google Analytics
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor’s device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
p.gif
typekit.net
Keeps track of special fonts used on the website for internal analysis. This cookie does not register any visitor data.
Targeting or Advertising: These Cookies are used to deliver advertising more relevant to you and your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as to help measure the effectiveness of an advertising campaign. They are usually placed by advertising networks with the website operator’s permission. The information these Cookies collect may not be anonymized.
Cookie
Provider
Purpose
ads/ga-audiences
google.com
Used by Google AdWords to re-engage visitors that are likely to convert to customers based on the visitor’s online behavior across websites.
fr
facebook.com
Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third-party advertisers.
_hjIncludedInSample
accessworldwide.net
Determines if the user’s navigation should be registered in a certain statistical place holder.
IDE
doubleclick.net
Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user’s actions after viewing or clicking on one of the advertisers’ ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user.
pagead/1p-user-list/#
google.com
Generated by Google pagead dynamic marketing to track events such as conversions or other meaningful user interactions.
test_cookie
doubleclick.net
Used to check if the user’s browser supports cookies.
tr
facebook.com
Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers.
How We Use Information Collected Via Cookies
We may use the information collected via Cookies to:
allow our website to function properly for you as the viewer,
understand usage patterns on our website,
identify our website users,
customize your visits to our website,
deliver advertising and other content tailored to your interests and suitable for your browser,
develop contact information about potential or actual customers, and in some cases, such information is linked to other data we collect for such purposes,
manage and improve our business,
measure the effectiveness of our marketing and communication efforts,
manage and improve our website and address technical problems.
Online Tracking
Your web browser may enable you to be notified when you receive certain kinds of Cookies or to disable or restrict certain kinds of Cookies. You should understand, however, that our website relies on Cookies to function properly and that without Cookies you may not be able to use all the features of our website.
Our website is configured to respond to “do not track” signals from browsers.
For information about how to opt-out of advertising network interest-based advertising, please visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
Information We Share
No Selling of Personal Information
We do not sell your personal information.
Sharing of Information
We do not share personal information about you except as described in this Privacy Notice.
We share personal information with third parties or affiliates as follows:
We share personal information with third parties who perform services on our behalf based on our instructions. None of these third parties is authorized by us to disclose or use such personal information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or comply with applicable laws, regulations and other legal requirements. Sharing with such third parties may include (and the personal information we have shared for a business purpose during the last twelve months includes) the following:
To perform our shipping and mailing services, we share shipping information with third parties such as national postal services (e.g., the U.S. Postal Service, La Poste (France), Japan Post, etc.) and private shipping companies and consignees.
For marketing purposes, we share personal information with third parties who send surveys to our customers. We do not share personal information with third parties or affiliates for marketing purposes, except as needed to send surveys to our customers.
We may also disclose personal information about you in order to comply with legal requirements or prevent harm. More specifically, we may disclose such information about you (A) if we are required to do so by law, regulation, court order, subpoena or other legal processes, (B) to comply with requests from law enforcement authorities and other government agencies, or (C) if we believe it is necessary to prevent harm to the rights, property or safety, or protect other vital interests, of Access Worldwide, our employees, users or the public, or in connection with an investigation of actual or suspected illegal activities, as permitted or required by applicable law.
Subject to applicable law, we reserve the right to transfer information we have about you in connection with a sale or transfer of all or any part of our business or assets (for example, if Access Worldwide were acquired or merged, or if it were reorganized, dissolved or liquidated). If such circumstances arise, you will be notified of them via email and/or other reasonable means (which may include a prominent notice on our website), as well as of any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
Information Collected by Third Parties
Information collected through third-party applications, websites and Cookies (such as information relating to your “liking” or posting a comment on our Facebook or Twitter page or posts, or information collected by third-party analytics tools and advertising networks) is collected directly by the parties that provide those applications, websites, and Cookies. We do not control third-party applications, websites, and Cookies. Information collected by or through third-party applications, websites or Cookies is subject to the privacy policies of the parties that provide those applications, websites and Cookies, and we are not responsible for those parties’ information practices. For more details about information collectecd via Cookies, please see the “Cookies” section of this Privacy Policy. We also encourage you to review the relevant third party’s privacy policies regarding information they collect by or through their applications, websites or Cookies.
California Shine the Light Law
As defined in California’s “Shine the Light Law,” California residents may annually request and obtain information that is shared with other businesses for their own direct marketing use within the prior calendar year. Access Worldwide does not share your personal information with other businesses for their own direct marketing use.
Data Retention
We retain and store your personal information only for as long as necessary for the purposes for which it was collected, or as required under applicable data retention policies or applicable law. Federal, state and local data retention laws and statutes of limitation may impose differing retention periods.
How We Protect Your Personal Information
We employ and maintain appropriate and commercially reasonable administrative, technical and physical measures to protect the personal information you provide to us against accidental, unlawful or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure or use. However, because the Internet is not a 100% secure environment and no security system or measures are impenetrable, we cannot ensure, warrant or guarantee the security of personal information. Please note that emails and other communications that you send to us, via our websites or otherwise, are not encrypted.
We take steps to limit access to our vehicles and facilities only to authorized individuals. Nevertheless, it may be possible for others to see information that is on the outside of a letter or package, such as on an address or shipping label.
Your Options Regarding Your Personal Information
As required by applicable law, you may exercise any of the following options regarding your personal information:
obtain a copy of certain personal information that we maintain about you,
update and correct inaccuracies in that information,
obtain information about the sources from which we collected that information and the purposes for which it was collected, and
obtain information about personal information about you that we share with third parties and about third parties with whom we share it.
request that the personal information we have about you be transmitted to you or another company,
on legitimate grounds, object to any uses or disclosures of your personal information,
where our processing of your personal information is done with your consent, withdraw your consent,
request that your personal information be deleted, and
request that we restrict the processing of your personal information.
Each of these actions may be done by contacting us as described in the “How to Contact Us” section of this Privacy Policy.
You may exercise these options free of charge unless the request is unfounded, excessive or otherwise unreasonable, such as because it is repetitive. We may also refuse to act or impose limitations on these options under some circumstances as permitted by applicable law. Before we take action in response to your exercise of these options, we may ask you to provide additional information to verify your identity or otherwise help us understand or respond to your request.
Marketing
You may choose to stop receiving our marketing emails by clicking the “unsubscribe” link in our marketing emails, or by selecting the “Email Unsubscribe” link below, or by contacting us as described in the “How to Contact Us” section of this Privacy Policy.
Email Unsubscribe: unsubscribe@accessworldwide.net
You may choose to stop receiving other marketing materials, surveys and our “Global Reports” newsletter. You may also request that Access Worldwide stop using your personal information for marketing purposes. You can do either of these things by contacting us as described in the “How to Contact Us” section of this Privacy Policy.
If you are a California resident, you have the right to ask us not to share your personal information with certain of our affiliates and other third parties for their marketing purposes. To do so, please contact us as described in the “How to Contact Us” section of this Privacy Policy.
Online Tracking:
Your web browser may enable you to be notified when you receive certain kinds of Cookies or to disable or restrict certain kinds of Cookies. You should understand, however, that our website relies on Cookies to function properly and that without Cookies you may not be able to use all the features of our website. For more details on the Cookies on our websites, please see the “Cookies” section of this Privacy Policy.
Our website is configured to respond to “do not track” signals from browsers.
For information about how to opt out of advertising network interest-based advertising, please visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
Non-Discrimination
Access Worldwide will not discriminate against you because you exercise any of your rights under applicable law, including, but not limited to, by
denying goods or services to you,
charging different prices or rates for goods or services, including through the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties,
providing a different level or quality of goods or services to you, or
suggesting that you will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services;
provided, that Access Worldwide may, under certain circumstances and subject to applicable law, charge consumers a different price or rate, or provide a different level or quality of goods or services to a consumer, if that difference is reasonably related to the value provided to the consumer by the consumer’s data.
If you have any questions about, or want to exercise, any of these options, please contact us as described in the “How to Contact Us” section of this Privacy Policy.
How to Contact Us
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy or about any of the options regarding your personal information that are described in this Privacy Policy, or if you want to exercise any of those options, please contact us as follows:
You may call us:
If you’re in the United States, call us toll-free at (877) 564-8581, or
If you’re outside the United States, call us at +1 (404) 675-0633 (not a toll-free number)
You may email us at privacy@accessworldwide.net,
You may submit your question or request to us at the following webpage: http://www.accessworldwide.net/contact/
You may write to us at:
Access Worldwide, Inc.
Attention: Vice President of Operations
76 Southwoods Parkway, Suite 110
Atlanta, Georgia 30354
U.S.A.
Or
If you wish specifically to be removed from our marketing email list, you may email us at unsubscribe@accessworldwide.net.
Updates to this Privacy Policy
Periodically, and without prior notice to you, we may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in our practices regarding personal information. We will post a prominent notice on our website to tell you if we have made any significant updates to our Privacy Policy, and we will indicate the date of the most recent update at the top of our Privacy Policy
Home
About
Blog
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Services
Why Us
© 2020 Access Worldwide | All rights reserved | Site by Syrup