https://accucarecanada.com/privacy-policy
Home > Privacy Policy
Our Commitment - Your Privacy
Your privacy is very important to us. To better protect your privacy the following explains the information we collect, how it is used, how it is safeguarded, and how to contact us if you have any concerns.
Providing information to our group is voluntary. However, providing a certain amount of information so that we can process your order, mail to the appropriate address, and accurately bill you is necessary. We accept all major credits cards to purchase products, and be assured that your credit card information is secured and is not maintained by us beyond the completion of the sale. Our group takes necessary steps to make sure that your contact information is complete and otherwise reliable with regard to its intended use.
What Information Is Collected
As part of the order process, the following information is collected from our patients :
Name
Shipping/Billing Address
Email Address
Telephone Number
Prescription Submitted
Promo Codes
Products Purchased
Payments processed online by our secure online payment processor (PayPal)
PayPal is a processing service that our group uses that enables you to pay with a credit card (on our secure website) without revealing your financial details. PayPal uses the latest in data encryption and anti-fraud technology to keep your information secure, reducing the risk of online fraud. PayPal has achieved PCI DSS compliance certification under various programs and standards. This underscores PayPal's commitment to security as well as the protection and integrity of customer data.
How Email Is Used
Email is used ( SSL/TLS secured ) to contact customers with regard to current or past orders, or to inform them by email or postal mail of special offers or new products.
Our Commitment To Your Security of Your Data
Your personal information is never shared with any outside party except for limited personal information that may be provided to your group health benefit insurance company (if you have group health benefits) for reconciliation of membership purpose only. Our group maintains physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect the confidentiality and security of information you transmit to us. To guard your information delivered to us electronically, our web sites use the latest SHA-2 SSL (Secure Sockets Layer). This technology encrypts your personal information so only we are able to decode it at our end. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your information, to the extent permitted by law and we do not guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to or from our web site, and you do so at your own risk.
Website Security using the Latest Technology
Hyper Text Transfer Protocol Secure (HTTPS) is the protocol over which data is Securely sent between your browser and our website that you are connected to. This means all communications between your browser and our website is encrypted. Our website also boasts a OV SSL Cetificate that utilizes 2048 bit encryption and SHA-2 hash algorithm which is the strongest on the market.
Contact Us
Should you have any questions or wish to contact our team for any reason, we can be reached at
T: 1.866.600.2761 toll Free
O: 204.237.1621
E: info@accucarecanada.com
© 2003 -2020. AccuCare Canada Inc. All Rights Reserved
Top
×
Yes
No