https://acculogic.com/privacy-statement/
Privacy Statement
Acculogic / Privacy Statement
Acculogic makes every effort to honor the preferences of our Web site users concerning the collection and use of personally identifiable information. This statement describes how Acculogic collects and uses personally identifying information of visitors to our Website.
This privacy statement covers the following sites operated by Acculogic: www.acculogic.com and other Acculogic sites that can be accessed through our main site. We encourage you to take the time to read this privacy statement and those of any Web site you visit.
What Information is Collected
In general, when you visit our Website and access information, you will remain anonymous.
For some services provided through our Website, we will ask you to register using online registration forms. A registration form will ask for information both about the company to be registered and the individual employees who will use our online services as representatives of the company. For some Web site services, you will be asked to provide a password and user identification. This information is collected to confirm eligibility for use of the online services, to establish the identity of the company and authorized users, to provide compliance with export control regulations and for business contact purposes.
In addition to information you provide, Acculogic may collect information about your use of our Website that will help Acculogic improve its online services, such as information regarding what pages you access on our sites, what URL you just came from and the URL you next go to, what browser you are using and your IP address. This information may be used to analyze trends and statistics and monitor link usage.
Acculogic uses cookies on some portions of its website. A cookie is an identifier that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer. Cookies enable us to provide you with a better experience by allowing us to understand what areas of the website are of interest to our visitors. Acculogic may also use cookies when you register to use one of our web-based services. In this situation, a cookie will store useful information that enables our Web site to remember you when you return to visit us. Acculogic can only read cookies from our website. If you choose to disable cookies in your browser, you can still access most of our website.
If you choose to post messages in message areas or to provide feedback or send an e-mail to us, we may keep a record of that posting or correspondence. The information you disclose in a public message area will naturally be available to and shared with other visitors to our Website.
How We Use Information
Acculogic may use your information for its own marketing purposes. This may include providing you with information targeted to your interests. We will give you the opportunity to elect not to receive direct-marketing materials from us. Acculogic does not sell any personally identifiable information.
When you place an order or make an offer to participate in a transaction opportunity, we will use your personally identifiable information to facilitate the transaction. Acculogic may also maintain transaction history information about our website users.
The primary use of your information is to enable Acculogic to deliver specific services or products you request or to complete a transaction initiated by you. During the course of completing a transaction initiated by you, Acculogic may provide your contact or other information to a trading partner or other parties to the transaction (e.g., bank transferring funds).
Acculogic may provide third parties with personal data received or processed on its website for generally accepted business purposes, such as the administration of this website, subject to this privacy statement, and as required by law or when we believe such disclosure is necessary in connection with a judicial proceeding, to comply with an applicable court order, subpoena, law or regulation, or to protect our property or assert our legal rights.
Again, the information you disclose in a public forum will naturally be public and available to other visitors to our website. To the extent you disclose your information to other parties, their use of the information will not be subject to this privacy statement.
Data Security
Acculogic uses industry standard efforts to safeguard the confidentiality of your personally identifiable information. Unfortunately, it is impossible to absolutely guarantee the security of data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network. Therefore, although we take reasonable measures to protect your information, Acculogic cannot ensure the security of any information you transmit to us or from online services and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we will use industry standard efforts to ensure its security on our systems.
If Acculogic provides links to third party sites, we encourage you to review the privacy policies posted on those third party sites you visit since we do not control those websites.
Copyright 2020 Acculogic Inc.
Back to Top
This site uses cookies to offer you a better browsing experience. By continuing to visit this site you agree to our use of cookies. Learn more.OK