https://aceinvestmentadvisory.com/refund-policy.php
Right Click and related options are disabled due to Privacy Concerns
Refund Policy
HOME
Refund Policy
Refund Policy
Ace Investment Advisory offers Three Days Money Back Guarantee to ensure our products and services. NO REFUNDS and CANCELLATIONS are accepted after three
days. Also no Partial Refund or Cancellation is allowed on any subscription(Monthly/Quarterly/Half Yearly or Yearly). Before deciding to subscribe to our services, please complete risk profile and kyc. We do not offer refunds on subscriptions that have already been taken.
Due to any technical reason, if payment is received twice for a single transaction, the one transaction amount will be refunded via same source within 07 to 10 working days.
For this reason, we strongly recommend that before payment, our visitors:
Read all information about our products, services and support given to our clients.
Complete risk profile and kyc.
Read all About Us
Read our Terms of Use.
Read our Privacy Policy.
Do not allow children or other unauthorized family members or friends to access your credit cards or your account at the payment site to ensure that no one pays for a Membership without your permission.By making a payment for Membership to our site, you acknowledge that you have read and agree to the above No Refund and no cancellation Policy.
WhatsApp Us!
×
Suitability Assessment
As per the SEBI Investment Advisor Regulation 2013, the IA shall have a reasonable basis for believing that a recommendation or transaction entered into:
(i) Meets the client’s investment objectives
(ii) Is such that the client is able to bear any related investment risks consistent with its investment objectives and risk tolerance
(iii) Is such that the client has the necessary experience and knowledge to understand the risks involved in the transaction.
After analyzing your risk profile, the services that are offered to you meets up all the above mentioned criteria and concludes the following:
You understand the risk involved in Stock market trading
The service/services offered to you is/are only after scrutinizing the risk profile and observing all the requirements which you have while making investment in stock market
You have willingly made the payment for the service/services keeping in check your financial standing and assessing the capacity to absorb losses, whenever incurred.
We request you to kindly comprehend the above mentioned suitability assessment and provide us your answer in affirmation or disagreement, as the case may be.
×
Book Free Trial,Now!-Free For One Day!
Select Services:
Select Services
Stock Cash Advise
Stock Future Advise
Stock Options Advise
Swing Trading Advise
Captcha:
Captcha:
I agree to all the Terms & Conditions and authorize AceInvestmentAdvisory to contact me.
Submit