https://aceinvestmentadvisory.com/terms-conditions.php
Right Click and related options are disabled due to Privacy Concerns
Terms & conditions
HOME
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
This section contains the Terms and Conditions of Use of this Web site. By accessing this Web site and any of its pages, you are agreeing to these Terms and Conditions. You also agree that Ace Investment Advisory can modify or alter the terms and conditions of the use of this service without any liability.
Ace Investment Advisory shall not be liable for any
misrepresentation, falsification, and deception or for any lack of
availability of services through the Web site, even if the same are
advertised for on the Web site.
No judgement or warranty or representation is made with respect to the
accuracy, timeliness, or suitability of the content of other services or sites
Ace Investment Advisory shall not be responsible
therefore
Ace Investment Advisory shall not be liable if the Customer downloads any
information from this Web site. Further,
Ace Investment Advisory shall not be liable if
the Customer makes a copy, modifies, uploads, downloads, other notices
or legends contained in any such information or otherwise distributes any
service or content from this Web site.
Ace Investment Advisory, owner/s and any employee/s of Ace Investment Advisory shall not be liable for any loss occured during its Free or Paid Advise given. Ace Investment Advisory do not give guarantee for any fixed profit on its free or paid services.
Ace Investment Advisory reserves the right at any time and from time to time to
modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Service (or any
part thereof) with or without notice at any time. You agree that
Ace Investment Advisory shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification,
suspension or discontinuance of the Service.
Registration: In order to use Ace Investment Advisory Services, you must have to
provide with certain personal information.
Privacy Policy: Registration Data and certain other information about
you are subject to www.aceinvestmentadvisory.com please read this policy
carefully.
The Stock Tips and Commodity Tips, views, blogs, comments etc. made
by the users and placed on the Site are their own independent views and
Company, its owners, management, share holders and employees are in
no way linked to these users, or have a vested or beneficial interest in any
of the user's tips etc.
These terms and conditions shall be applicable to any person
visiting/accessing the Web site.
In case of any disputes arising between Ace Investment Advisory & the client, all the matters shall be subject to Shimla Jurisdiction, Himachal Pradesh only.
Swapping services can be done once in a month.
Refund Policy
All sales are final. Ace Investment Advisory offers a free trial evaluation to ensure our products and services shall meet the client requirements without any paid subscription, thus we offer NO REFUNDS and CANCELLATIONS. Before deciding to subscribe to our services, please make sure to take our free trial, the evaluation version that we provide. We do not offer refunds on subscriptions that have already been taken. Also no Partial Refund or Cancellation is allowed on any subscription(Monthly/Quarterly/Half Yearly or Yearly).
Due to any technical reason, if payment is received twice for a single transaction, the one transaction amount will be refunded via same source within 07 to 10 working days.
For this reason, we strongly recommend that before payment, our visitors:
Read all information about our products, services and support given to our clients.
Evaluate the quality of our services by taking our free trial.
Read all About Us
Read our Terms of Use.
Read our Privacy Policy.
Do not allow children or other unauthorized family members or friends to access your credit cards or your account at the payment site to ensure that no one pays for a Membership without your permission.By making a payment for Membership to our site, you acknowledge that you have read and agree to the above No Refund and no cancellation Policy.
Privacy policy
Ace Investment Advisory (website "www.aceinvestmentadvisory.com") would like to thank you for visiting our Website. Respecting the Privacy and choices of our online Customers and Visitors is important for us. We hope that the information provided below will address any questions or concerns you may have about Privacy issues. From time to time, we may request your valuable feedback for the evaluation of the services that
Ace Investment Advisory provides and changes if you prefer any. We might invite you to actively participate in polls or surveys that may be posted on our website or mailed to you directly. Participation in survey or polls is completely voluntary.
VISIT
Generally, you may visit www.aceinvestmentadvisory.com anonymously and obtain information about our Company and products and services without providing any personal information, such as your phone number or postal or e-mail address.
PERSONAL INFORMATION
In a few sections of our Website, we ask you to provide information that will enable us to enhance your site visit or to follow up with you after your visit. It is completely optional for you to participate. For example, we request information from you when you:
Register with www.aceinvestmentadvisory.com for filing online registration forms (like free trial, taking benefits of live TV & Live Rate)
Transact on the Site
Subscribe to a newsletter or a mailing list.
In each of the above instances, we may ask for your name, e-mail address, telephone number, address and other personal information that is needed to register or subscribe you to services or offers.
USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
The personal information you provide will be kept confidential and used to support our customer relationship with you. We may use the information you provide to inform you of special offers, upgrades and other services that may be of interest to you.
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
We may from time to time update this Policy. When we do so, we will post notice of any revisions on this site. We encourage you to review our Privacy Policy whenever you visit our Web site.
Disclaimer policy
Our Company Disclaimer
Entering our site means that you have read, understood and agreed to everything that is written and implied in this disclaimer note. RESEARCH is published solely for informational purposes and must in no way be construed as investment advice for a specific individual. The information and views in this website & all the services we provide are believed to be reliable, but we do not accept any responsibility (or liability) for errors of fact or opinion. Users have the right to choose the product/s that suits them the most.
WhatsApp Us!
×
Suitability Assessment
As per the SEBI Investment Advisor Regulation 2013, the IA shall have a reasonable basis for believing that a recommendation or transaction entered into:
(i) Meets the client’s investment objectives
(ii) Is such that the client is able to bear any related investment risks consistent with its investment objectives and risk tolerance
(iii) Is such that the client has the necessary experience and knowledge to understand the risks involved in the transaction.
After analyzing your risk profile, the services that are offered to you meets up all the above mentioned criteria and concludes the following:
You understand the risk involved in Stock market trading
The service/services offered to you is/are only after scrutinizing the risk profile and observing all the requirements which you have while making investment in stock market
You have willingly made the payment for the service/services keeping in check your financial standing and assessing the capacity to absorb losses, whenever incurred.
We request you to kindly comprehend the above mentioned suitability assessment and provide us your answer in affirmation or disagreement, as the case may be.
×
Book Free Trial,Now!-Free For One Day!
Select Services:
Select Services
Stock Cash Advise
Stock Future Advise
Stock Options Advise
Swing Trading Advise
Captcha:
Captcha:
I agree to all the Terms & Conditions and authorize AceInvestmentAdvisory to contact me.
Submit