http://acgconveyors.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
(866)403-5232
Covid & You
American Conveyor Group, Inc., Privacy Policy
Sharing and Usage
We will never share, sell or rent individual personal information unless ordered by a court of law. Information submitted to us is only available to employees or parties managing this information for purposes of contacting you or sending you information based on your request.
Security
This website takes every precaution to protect our users’ information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line. American Conveyor Group, Inc. takes care to reinforce the importance of our website visitors’ security and privacy among our employees.
Opt-out
American Conveyor Group, Inc. provides users the opportunity to opt-in and opt-out of receiving communications from us. This is made available in all e-mail messages delivered from our company. Once a user opts-out, the user will no longer receive future communications.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post the changes on http://acgconveyors.com/ so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
Correct Your Information
You can correct any information we may have collected through our mailing list or forms on our web site by using the Contact Us form on this web site.
Third-Party Links
American Conveyor Group, Inc. links to multiple sites around the internet that we feel may be of interest to our customers. We are not responsible for the content on these sites nor are we responsible for how these sites collect user information or how the information is used.
Contact Us ACG Conveyors
2047 Hwy 96
Burns, Tennessee 37029
Phones:
(866) 403-5232 (toll free)
(615) 560-4020 (local)
(615) 560-4027 (fax)
sales@acgconveyors.com
Some information contained within this website originated from 3rd party manufacturers.We believed this information to be accurate. We accept no liability for inaccurate information.
Copyright 2016 © American Conveyor Group, Inc.
Home
Services
Ask the Experts
Request A Quote
In-Plant Consultation
Electrical Controls
Mechanical Installation
Products
24-Volt
eCommerce Conveyors
Accessories
Accumulation
Belt & Slider Bed
Best Flex Conveyor
CDLR
Custom Conveyors
Drag Chain
Gravity
Heavy Duty
Hinged Steel Belt
Incline
Live Roller
Low Profile
Magnetic
Overhead
Overhead Monorail
Portable
Rotary Table
Sortation
Spiral Conveyor
Stainless Steel Conveyors
Table-Top & Mat-Style
Vertical Lifts
Partners
Hytrol
Alba
Atlantis
Daifuku Webb
Dorner
Interroll
Modular Express
Omni Metalcraft
PACLINE
PFlow
Ryson
Titan
Online Store
Clients
About
News
Contact
(866)403-5232