https://acl.co.uk/privacy-policy.html
[Skip to Content]
Assembly Contracts Ltd
Contract Electronics Manufacture
Innovation . Design Development . Manufacture
Celebrating 30 years of excellence
Tel: 0161 947 8000
Sub menu
Home
Manufacturing Services
Surface Mount PCB Assembly
Product Testing & Inspection
Conventional Through-Hole Assembly
PCB Test & Inspection
PCB Prototyping
Conformal Coating, Potting & Encapsulation
Procurement & Supply Chain Management
Cable, Cabinet & Box Wiring Assemblies
Mechanical Assembly & Box Build
Supply Chain Partners
Other Services
After Sales Care Programs
Inventory Management. Shipping &
Logistics
End of Life Solutions
Design & Tech Support
Product Design Development & Technical Support
New Product Introduction
Quality & Accreditations
Quality Approvals
Policy Statements
Client Testimonials
QA Audit Testimonials
Approval Body Audits
Production IT Systems
&
Information Management
PCB Test & Inspection
Product Testing & Inspection
Design Development and Manufacturing Approvals
Training Accreditations
More Information
Company Profile
Our Team
Clients
Recruitment
Terms and Conditions
Cookies and Privacy Policy
Newsletters
Videos
Client Testimonials
Component Lead-times
Manufacturers
Contact Us
Cookies and Privacy Policy
1. Introduction
This privacy policy (Privacy Policy) sets out the ways in which Assembly Contracts Limited, registered in the United Kingdom (Company Number 02562701) may use your personal data.
In this Privacy Policy:
•	‘we’, ‘us’ or ‘our’ means the Assembly Contracts Ltd;
•	‘the site’ means the acl.co.uk website you are visiting or engaging with; and
•	‘you’ and ‘your’ means you, the person engaging with us, working for one of our suppliers or customers or visiting our site.
By subscribing to our news-letter, visiting our site or otherwise interacting with us, we will process your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
2. How you can contact us:
Address: FAO the Data Protection Officer, Assembly Contracts Limited, Roundthorn Ind Est, Ledson Road Manchester, M23 9Gp, United Kingdom.
Email: privacy@acl.co.uk
3. Information we may collect about you
•	Information you give us: We collect any information you provide to us when you contact us regarding our services we provide or subscribe to our mailing list. This information might include your name, your employer, email address, phone number, your social media / online presence and other information relevant to the services we provide.
•	Information we collect about you: We will collect any information contained in any correspondence between you and us via contact forms on websites and emails or telephone calls.
•	We may collect information about you visiting our website and how you use it. This may include your IP address, geographical location, device information, browser type, referral source, length of visit, operating system, number of page views and similar information. This information may be collected by a third-party website analytics service provider on our behalf and/or may be collected using cookies. For more information on cookies please refer to paragraph 6 below.
4. How we use information about you
We may use your information for the following purposes, depending on the relationship we have with you. Emailing our Company news letter from time to time and correspondence and phone calls necessary for the normal course of business between us & you.
You can find out more information on the privacy notice provided at the time you submit your data to us or in your contract with us (if applicable).
5. Who we might share your data with
We will not sure your data with anyone else.
6. Cookies
We use cookies to ensure that you get the most out of our site. Cookies are small text files which we store on the device you use to access the site. Cookies allow us to monitor your use of the software and simplify your use of the site. For example, a temporary cookie is also used to keep track of your “session”. Without that temporary cookie (which is not stored after you quit your browser) you would have to log on every time you access a new page.
If you do not wish for cookies to be installed on your device, you can change the settings on your browser or device to reject cookies. For more information about how to reject cookies using your internet browser settings please consult the “Help” section of your internet browser (or alternatively visit http://www.aboutcookies.org). Please note that, if you do set your Internet browser to reject cookies, you may not be able to access all of the functions of our websites.
7. How we look after your data and how long we keep it for
We use a variety of technological and operational security measures to protect your information against any unauthorised access to, unlawful use of, and modification and destruction of any personal data we store.
We will retain your information for as long as is necessary to provide you with the services that you have requested from us, or for as long as the law otherwise permits, unless we have an obligation to retain it for longer (for example a legal obligation).
Transmission of information over the internet can be insecure, and although we employ measures to protect your information from unauthorised access we cannot always guarantee the security of information sent over the internet.
8. Where we store your information
Where you are interacting with a us inside the EU, our servers are situated inside the European Economic Area (EEA) and all of the information that we collect about you will be stored on these servers.
In certain circumstances your information may be processed outside of the EEA such as our email provider. In such circumstances, we will take all steps necessary to ensure that any of your information is adequately protected and processed in accordance with this Privacy Policy and where necessary, we put in place relevant safeguards to ensure the safe processing of your data.
9. Your rights in relation to your Personal Data
You have the right to:
•	Request a copy of the personal data that we keep about you, by making a request in writing to the Data Protection Officer. Our Data Protection Officers details are provided on Page 1 of this policy. You can ask us to provide the data in a commonly used, machine readable format, and where we are able to; transmit this data to another organisation.
•	Contact the Data Protection Officer if you are concerned that any of the information we hold on you is incorrect, to have that data corrected.
•	Contact the Data Protection Officer to ask us to stop processing your data or withdraw consent where we are relying on consent as the legal basis for any processing of your data.
•	Contact the Data Protection Officer to request that we delete your personal data.
•	To lodge a complaint with the data protection authorities if you believe we have not complied with any applicable data protection law. In the UK, the relevant authority is the Information Commissioners Office, you can find their details at www.ico.org.uk
10. Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. Updated privacy policies will be updated on our website or provided to you at your request.
Terms and Conditions
Newsletters
Contact Us
About ACL
Download Brochure
30 years of excellence
Site Map
Cookies and Privacy Policy
Download Our Brochure (pdf) | Acrobat Reader
© ACL 2020
|
Terms and Conditions
Contact Us
PCB Assembly
Design Development
About Us
Quality Approvals
Systems Integration & Information Management
Like Us on Facebook
Follow us on YouTube