http://acommunitybank.com/index.cfm/privacy-policy
HomeProductsRatesServicesFinancial CalculatorsLinksCOVID 19CARES ACT - SBA PPPPrivacy PolicyDisclosuresID-TheftContact
Privacy Policy
More in this Section:
Disclosures
NOTICE OF YOUR FINANCIAL PRIVACY RIGHTS
FIRST STATE BANK
Farnam - Cambridge - Holbrook
Community Bank, a Division of First State Bank
Alma - Stamford
FIRST STATE INSURANCE
Arapahoe - Arnold - Cambridge - Gothenburg - Holbrook - Stamford Insurance
Agency - Stamford - Farnam Insurance Agency - Farnam
First State Bank recognizes respects and protects the personal privacy rights of all of our
customers. We realize that our customers entrust us with personal information and it is our policy
to maintain our customers' information in a confidential manner. We are committed to providing the
highest level of security and privacy regarding the collection and use of our customers' personal
information, as well as personal information of all consumers who visit our institution and
website.
First State Bank collects information you might consider to be private, such as account number(s),
social security number, income and net worth about you (non-public personal information) from the
following sources:
Information we receive from you on applications or other forms;
Information about your transactions with us, our affiliates or others; and
Information we receive from a consumer reporting agency.
First State Bank restricts access to your personal and account information to those employees who
need to know that information to provide products or services to you. We maintain physical,
electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with federal standards to guard your nonpublic
personal information.
First State Bank may disclose personal and account information about you to our Affiliates. An
affiliate is a company we own or control, or a company that owns or controls us. Ownership does not
mean complete ownership, but means owning enough to have control.
Since First State Bank values our customer relationship with you, we will not disclose your
personal and account information to other third parties, except as permitted by law, such as
reports to credit bureaus, IRS Reporting, responses to subpoenas, search warrants or summons.
If you decide to close your account(s) or become an inactive customer, we will follow the privacy
policies and practices as described in this notice.
Notify us of Inaccurate Information we report to Consumer Reporting Agencies. Please notify us if
we report any inaccurate information about your account(s) to a consumer reporting agency. Your
written notice describing the specific inaccuracy(ies) should be sent to us at the following
address: First State Bank – P.O. Box 96, Farnam, NE 69029
Privacy Policy
FACTS
What does First State Bank do with your personal information?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives
consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to
tell you how we collect, share and protect your personal information. Please read this
notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service
you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number and income
Account balances and payment history
Credit history and credit scores
When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described
in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share customers’ personal information to run their
everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can
share their customers’ personal information; the reasons First State Bank
chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal info
Does First State Bank Share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes:
such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders
and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes:
to offer our products and services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies:
No
We don't share
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes-
information about your transactions and experiences
Yes
No
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes-
information about your creditworthiness
No
We Don't Share
For non-affiliates to market to you:
No
We Don't Share
Questions?
Call 308-569-2311 or go to www.1ststatebank4me.com
What we do
How does First State Bank protect my personal
information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we
use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer
safeguards and secured files and buildings.
How does First State Bank collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you:
Open an account or deposit money
Pay your bills or apply for a loan
use your debit card
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus,
affiliates, or other companies.
Why can't I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only:
sharing for affiliates' everyday business purposes—information about your
credit worthiness
affiliates from using your information to market to you
sharing for non-affiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and
non-financial companies.
Our Affiliates include: First State Insurance, Farnam Insurance Agency, Stamford Insurance Agency, and Country Road Realty.
Non Affiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and
non-financial companies.
First State Bank does not share with non-affiliates.
Joint Marketing
A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market
financial products or services to you.
First State Bank does not participate in joint marketing.
To access this website your Internet Explorer needs to be updated.
To get the best possible experience and added internet security using our website, we require you to upgrade your current web browser or install another web browser. A list of the most popular web browsers can be found below.
Just click on the icons to get to the download page.
Please note: These links will navigate you away from our domain.
We are not responsible for and have no control over the content or subject matter of these external links.