https://acousticalsolutions.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Acoustical Solutions protects the identity of visitors to AcousticalSolutions.com by limiting the collection of personal information.
All personal data collected through AcousticalSolutions.com is used by Acoustical Solutions and its staff to process, manage and track site usage patterns and statistics, or to deliver services through the site; such information may also be used for market research.
Personal data will not be posted or published by Acoustical Solutions and, except as specified below in this privacy policy regarding anonymous aggregated data, or to provide services to you on behalf of Acoustical Solutions, it will not be provided to third-party providers without consent.
If you choose to provide personal data to us, you may receive the following types of e-mails from us:
Periodic e-mail newsletters highlighting new products.
Periodic special offers for additional Acoustical Solutions products and services.
Periodic special offers from Acoustical Solutions approved partners if you “opt-in” or give us your permission to send them.
When you provide personal data, you can let us know that you do not wish to receive special offers. Each offer will also have information available to allow you to “opt out” if you wish to discontinue receiving promotional offers.
Anonymous aggregated data may be provided to other companies we do business with for statistical or market research purposes. For example, we may report to advertisers that a certain percentage of our site’s users are adults between the ages of 25 and 35.
This site, AcousticalSolutions.com, may use the services of an advertising agency for the serving and/or targeting of ads, promotions and other marketing messages. To do this, the agency may collect anonymous data through the use of cookies or by other means.
Acoustical Solutions may also use other third-party providers to facilitate the delivery of the services described above, and these third-party providers may be supplied with or have access to personal data for the sole purpose of providing these services to you on behalf of Acoustical Solutions.
Acoustical Solutions may also disclose personal data in special legal circumstances. For instance, such information may be used where it is necessary to protect our copyright or intellectual property rights, or if the law requires us to do so.
Updating, Verifying and Deleting Personal Data
You may inform us of any changes in your Personal Data, and we will update or delete your Personal Data accordingly. To find out what Personal Data we hold on you or to have your Personal Data updated, amended or removed from our database, please send us an email. Any such data subject requests may be subject to a prescribed fee.
You can ask us at any time to stop or change the methods by which we may send you marketing materials. This can be done free of charge by emailing us.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will be posted on the Site so you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any time we decide to use Personal Data in a manner significantly different from that stated in this Privacy Policy, or otherwise disclosed to you at the time it was collected, we will notify you by email, and you will have a choice as to whether or not we use your information in the new manner.
Acceptance of Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions
By using this site, you signify your agreement to the terms and conditions of this AcousticalSolutions.com Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use this site. We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for any modifications. Your continued use of AcousticalSolutions.com following the posting of any changes to these terms shall mean that you have accepted those changes.
Security
Any personally identifying information collected through this site is stored on limited-access servers. We will maintain safeguards to protect these servers and the personal information they store.
Surveys
We may occasionally conduct online surveys. All surveys are voluntary and you may decline to participate.
Cookies
We use cookie technology and software logs to monitor the use of AcousticalSolutions.com and to gather non-personal information about visitors to the site. None of the information we gather in this way can be used to identify any individual who visits the site. These monitoring systems allow us to track general information about our visitors, such as the type of browsers (for example, Firefox, Chrome or Internet Explorer), the operating systems (for instance, Windows or Macintosh), or the Internet providers (for instance, Verizon) they use. This information is used for statistical and market research purposes to tailor content to usage patterns and to provide services requested by our customers.
Copyright
All of the content on AcousticalSolutions.com is copyrighted by Acoustical Solutions, LLC, 2420 Grenoble Rd Richmond, VA 23294, and it cannot be redistributed or used for commercial purposes.
Contacting Us
If you have questions about Acoustical Solutions or its products, visit our Contact Us Page to find e-mail addresses and other contact information for the appropriate department.