http://acquisitionadvisors.com/privacy-policy/
Acquisition Advisors | Privacy Policy | Advisor of Choice for Sellers and Buyers
Contact Us :: The Advisor of Choice for Sellers and Buyers of Profitable, Mid-Size U.S. Companies
Acquisition Advisors, Business Broker Oklahoma, Privacy Policy, Contact Us, Advisor for Sellers, Advisor for Buyers, Advisor of Choice for Sellers and Buyers of Profitable, Mid-Size U.S. Companies, tulsa acquisitions, acquisitions in oklahoma
48
page-template-default,page,page-id-48,ajax_leftright,page_not_loaded,,qode-title-hidden,qode-theme-ver-6.1,wpb-js-composer js-comp-ver-4.3.5,vc_responsive
PRIVACY POLICY
Last updated December 2020.
We take your concerns about privacy very seriously, and we make every reasonable effort to protect it. At Acquisition Advisors, we appreciate your privacy concerns and value our relationship with you.
This Privacy Notice describes the types of personal information we collect on thebusinessowner.com, acquisitionadvisors.com, usmanagementbuyout.com and okprivateequity.com how we use that information, measures we take to protect the security of the information and whom we may share it with.
Information We Collect and How We Use It
You may provide contact information such as your name, address, telephone number and email address through this site. This site uses analytic software to identify ways to improve the site. This may include the date and time you access our site.
Email Opt-Out
PRIVACY POLICY
Last updated December 2020.
Copyrighted Information
You should assume that everything you see or read on our site is copyrighted unless otherwise noted and may not be used except as provided in these Terms and Conditions or in the text on this site without the written permission of Acquisition Advisors.
Contact Us
To contact us or request information about Acquisition Advisors, you can email us, call us directly or complete a contact form from any of our sites. The contact form requests information so we may contact you, understand your company, respond to your inquiries and provide you with pertinent information. You will not be added to our email list unless you explicitly indicate that would wish to do so.
Nondisclosure of Your Information
We do not sell, rent, trade or otherwise disclose personal information about our site visitors, except as described here. We may share information with our affiliates and service providers that we retain to perform services on our behalf. These service providers are not authorized by us to use or disclose the information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf. But we may disclose information about you (i) if we are required to do so by law or legal process, (ii) in response to requests from law enforcement or other government officials, or (iii) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm.
If we transfer all or some of our business assets, we reserve the right to transfer information we have on file. In this case, we will use reasonable efforts to ensure that information is used in a manner consistent with this Privacy Notice.
Security
Our site uses administrative and technical safeguards to protect against unauthorized disclosure, use, alteration or destruction of information in our possession, including information you submit through this site.
Computer Fraud and Abuse Act
Unauthorized attempts to upload information and/or change information on this site are strictly prohibited and subject to prosecution under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and Title 18 U.S.C. Sec.1001 and 1030.
Updates to This Privacy Notice
We may update or change this Privacy Notice from time to time without prior notice to you. In case of significant changes to our Privacy Notice, we will post a note on the site and show when it was most recently updated.
How to Contact Us
If you would like to update your contact information or if you have any questions about our privacy practices, please contact us by phone or mail:
Acquisition Advisors
PO Box 700570, Tulsa Oklahoma 74170-0570
918-748-7995 tel | 203-347-4056 fax
info@acquisitionadvisors.com
Contact Us
Share