http://acta-pi.com/terms-conditions
Toggle navigation
Home
About Us
Blog
Services
Rates
Form
Contact Us
Make an Appointment
Terms & ConditionsInformation terms and conditions
Please read these Terms and Conditions ("Terms", "Terms and Conditions") carefully before using the acta-pi.com website (the "Service") operated by My site ("us", "we", or "our").
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Service. This Terms and Conditions agreement for My site is powered by TermsFeed.
Links To Other Web Sites
Our Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by My site.
My site has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that My site shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.
We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services that you visit.
Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Texas, United States, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have between us regarding the Service.
Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will try to provide at least 30 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, please stop using the Service.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.By email: info@acta-pi.com
DISCLAIMER & CERTIFICATIONS
By the client's acceptance of an Investigative Report, the client agrees to indemnify and hold harmless ACTA-PANNELL, its officers, employees and service providers from all errors, omissions and against any and all claims and liability resulting from the use of this report. ACTA-PANNELL and vendors utilized by ACTA-PANNELL in preparing this report, certify that during the course of the investigation, it maintained full compliance with the FCRA, GLB, DPPA and HIPAA. ACTA-PANNELL is Fully Licensed and Insured Private Investigation Agency License #C-1633 All of our agents are registered with the Texas Department of Safety Private Security Bureau.
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Contacts
Delete Confirmation
Really! you want to delete this?
No
Yes
ACTA PANNELL
×
...
Close