http://activemedia.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We want to be sure that you understand ActiveMedia's commitment to safeguarding your personal information. We don't cut corners when it comes to your privacy, and we treat your personal information as if it were our own.
ActiveMedia's Commitment to Privacy
Protecting your privacy is important to us and we recognize that your information must be used responsibly. The following statement will help you understand how ActiveMedia collects, uses, and safeguards your personal information.
Information Collection and Use
ActiveMedia is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information in any manner other than what is disclosed in this statement. Our website's contact form, quote request form, and other web forms require users to give us contact information such as name, email, city, state, country, etc. This information is used to contact the user in response to the request. This information will not be displayed on our website and it will never be saved or shared. After you download your files, both the .csv file and the Final Report file will be immediately deleted from our servers.
Cookies
Cookies are pieces of information that some websites transfer to the computer that is browsing that website. They are used for record-keeping purposes on many websites. The use of cookies makes Web-surfing easier by performing certain functions like saving passwords, generating lists of potential purchases, personal preferences regarding the use of the particular website, and they also make sure the user does not see the same ad repeatedly. Many people consider the use of cookies to be an industry standard. Our site uses cookies to enhance the user's experience by allowing us to recognize a user's return visit to our own website.
Browsers are usually set to accept cookies. However, if users would prefer not to receive cookies, they may alter the configuration of their browser to refuse cookies. If they choose to have their browser refuse cookies it is possible that some areas of our site will not function as effectively when viewed by the users.
Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track users' movements, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Sharing
ActiveMedia respects the privacy of our users. Information submitted by users will be held in confidence and not disclosed to any outside parties without consent.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that ActiveMedia is not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites. We encourage our users to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies only to information collected by this website.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our Homepage so that our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under which circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users via email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
Contacting the Website
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, you can contact us by clicking here.
Quote
Let's talk about what your business needs—request a quote today.There's no risk, and no obligation.
Phone: +1 650-353-2040
Toll-Free: +1 855-997-9195
Skype: ActiveMediaUSA
Free Consultation
Let's chat about how we can help your business. No risk, no obligation.
Phone: +1 650-353-2040
Toll-Free: +1 855-997-9195
Skype: ActiveMediaUSA