https://activesuspension.com/privacy-policy/
Product
FAQ’s
Resources
Blog
Video Gallery
Competitor Comparison
Warranty Registration
Testimonials
Customer Stories
Customer Gallery
Company
Find A Dealer
Contact
Call Us Today!800-398-5036
Buy Now
View Shopping Cart
Get on the down low – The Privacy Statement
By using this wonderful website lifted into existence by the experts behind Roadmaster Active Suspension, hereafter known as RoadmasterActiveSuspension.com, you agree to the terms of the privacy policy presented on this page. Please read the following policy to understand how your personal information will be treated as you use our services. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices.
RoadmasterActiveSuspension.com will contain links to other sites – that may or may not contain funny cat videos, product claims or other independent information. These include links to resources in related topics and third-party sites that offer other related products. If you visit another website through a link on our site, please consult the privacy policy of the website you are visiting. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other websites that you may visit. We wish we were because the world would be a better place. But alas, we just aren’t. So please browse and click responsibly.
Here For You
How We Track You “Cookies”
No, you don’t need to don your tinfoil hat. However after you login to RoadmasterActiveSuspension.com, we may place “cookies” on your personal computer in order to make sure you can access all areas of the site without issue.
To take a few steps back, we want to let you know what a “Cookie” is. “Cookies” are small identifiers sent from a web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive, similar to a license plate, that helps us to recognize you if you visit our website again. Also, our site uses cookies to track how you found our site.
Cookies are not designed to be used to get data from your hard drive, your e-mail or any other personal data about you. To protect your privacy, we do not use cookies to store or transmit any personal information about you on the Internet.
If anything about having us store anything on your computer is frightening to you or any small animals around you, you can reject cookies by changing your browser settings. Please note, however, that if you reject our cookies, it is possible that some web pages may not properly load, your access to certain information might be denied or you might have to enter information about yourself more than once.
What We Collect “Stuffs”
We collect the email addresses of consumers who communicate with us or through our authorized vendors via email.
Any information provided by consumers becomes our property once received by us and may be used and disclosed as permitted in this Policy.
Finally, we may use your personal information to send you email or postal communications regarding products or services offered by us or by third parties with whom we have relationships in which we think you may be interested. We do not share, sell, trade or rent your personal information to third parties for unknown reasons. You may at any time choose not to receive promotional emails from us by contacting us at info@RoadmasterActiveSuspension.com.
Notwithstanding (that’s a big word) the foregoing, we may continue to contact you for the purpose of communicating information relating to this Site, as well as to facilitate, complete, or confirm any transaction that you may enter into or responding to your inquiry or request. Kthnx.
How We Protect You “Security”
This site has reasonable security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
Doing Your Thing “Browsing”
If you browse through the Site without entering any personal data, we will gather and store certain information about your visit. This information does not identify you personally and cannot be linked back to you unless you decide at some point to identify yourself.
If you are only browsing, we collect the following information: IP address, the type of browser and operating system used to access our site, the date and time you access our site, the pages you visit (click-through), and if you linked to our website from another website, the address of that website as well as additional information related to your visit. We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server (yes, even our servers need some love every now and then), and to administer the Site.
You Break It, You Buy It “Acceptance”
By using this site, you signify your assent to the RoadmasterActiveSuspension.com Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our site. Your continued use of the RoadmasterActiveSuspension.com site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.
–
Hit Us Up!
The entire Roadmaster Active Suspension team wants our site to be your single destination for your truck suspension needs, so if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, or any other considerations about getting involved with this site, you can contact: info@RoadmasterActiveSuspension.com.
Please be aware that we may change our Privacy Policy from time to time. If we do, we will update this Privacy Policy at our website, so be sure to check back here frequently.
Last modified: March 3, 2017
Find The Right Kit For Your Vehicle
Reset
Did you know most of our kits can be installed easily within 60-90 minutes? Enter your information to find the correct kit for your truck!
Looking to purchase or install at an authorized dealer? Click here to find one near you!
Contact Us
800-398-5036
×
Keep Shopping