https://actorsfund.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Emergency Financial Assistance:
COVID-19 | Oregon Wildfires. RESOURCES: COVID-19 | BIPOC LGBTQIA+ social/emotional support.
Share this onTwitter FacebookInformation Collected from Donors
The Actors Fund ("The Fund”) collects and uses various information from donors that includes but is not limited to amount donated, address, telephone number, donor comments and email address. Tax laws in the United States require that the Fund retain contact information and the contribution level of donors on file.
The Actors Fund Websites
The Actors Fund owns and operates the websites at www.actorsfund.org; www.ahirc.org, www.eirac.org, www.lookingaheadprogram.org, www.actorsfundhome.org and www.unclaimedcoogan.org. These sites provide information, resources and data to users and are also intended to raise awareness of and funding for The Fund. The Fund collects personal information, as offered by the user, to those who register on The Actors Fund website. The Fund is the sole owner of the information collected and takes every precaution to protect our users' Personally Identifiable Information. Visitors to the sites are not required to provide Personally Identifiable Information in order to browse the valuable information included on the sites.
Use of Information
Personal information may be used by The Fund to communicate with you, register you to receive information, allow purchasing and shipping of memberships, tickets, and/or merchandise, and/or enable you to participate in and respond to invitations to special events. If you prefer not to receive these notices, please click on the button marked “To be removed from the mailing list, click here” at the bottom of any Actors Fund invitations or events e-mail.
We may occasionally make personal information available to select other organizations, including but not limited to agents working on our behalf, companies or organizations with whom we have a contractual relationship, or in connection with an asset transfer. We may also provide aggregated, non-identifiable data to these and other organizations. Although we may make reasonable inquiries to determine that such other organizations maintain privacy policies comparable to The Fund’s, we are not responsible for the enforcement of such policies. If you prefer that your information not be made available please contact us at info@actorsfund.org.
The Fund may use personal information to send updates and notices to donors and/or registered web users via e-mail or direct mail. The Fund may also use your personal information to contact you by email, mail or by telephone regarding special offers or updated information about The Fund. If you do not wish to be contacted and prefer to opt-out, please contact us at info@actorsfund.org.
The Fund will, in addition, use contact information to:
Distribute receipts for donations
Thank donors for their donations
Internal analysis and record keeping
Reporting to relevant U.S. and State agencies (these reports are not for public inspection)
Donors may be listed in The Fund’s Annual Report, unless the donor requests anonymity for their donation.
Financial Information
All access to donor financial information is strictly limited to professional staff who need to process this data. No such data are given to any person, organization or group who does not need to access those data.
Security Used To Protect Your Information
We take reasonable steps to maintain the security of donor and web user information via a variety of access controls, including electronic firewalls and data encryption. The Fund does not guarantee the security of such information.
Links
The Fund’s websites contain links to other sites. Please be aware that The Fund is not responsible for the content or the privacy practices of any other website including but not limited to those for which we provide links. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of every website that collects Personally Identifiable Information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by The Fund’s websites as noted earlier.
Changes to Our Policy
The Actors Fund’s Privacy Policy is intended to provide you with the safest and most secure experience possible. Since offerings and technologies change, we reserve the right to change, modify, add or remove portions of our Policy at any time without prior notice. Please periodically review our Policy for changes. If you have any questions, or would like further clarification, please e-mail us at info@actorsfund.org or contact The Actors Fund, 729 Seventh Avenue, 10th Floor, New York, NY 10019.