https://acucaregroup.com/privacy-statement/
Privacy Statement
Acucare Health Strategies, Inc. hereinafter referred to as “Acucare”, is strongly committed to its clients’ right to privacy. By submitting identifying data, a visitor to our web site is agreeing to Acucare’s use of such data as described in this privacy statement. Should you have any questions, please click here to contact our Privacy Officer.
We realize your information is valuable and we take all reasonable measures to protect your information while it is in our care. Information on our web site is gathered in two ways: (1) indirectly through our site’s technology; and (2) directly when you provide information on various pages of our web site.
Acucare collects identifiable information that is specifically and voluntarily provided by a visitor to our site. A visitor may choose to provide this information to register for certain areas of the site, inquire about a service, or apply for a job. When a visitor provides this type of identifiable information to us, we use it solely for the purposes for which it was intended. Our policy is not to share personally identifiable information with third parties, unless required by law, or unless explicitly requested to do so by a visitor. It is our policy to create a safe and enjoyable online experience for all visitors to our site. We use small text files called cookies to improve the overall site experience; however, these are not used to track individual visitors to our site. The use of cookies is now a standard operating procedure for most Web Sites, however, if you are uncomfortable with the use of cookies, please refer to your browser’s settings or options to opt-out of receiving them.
Acucare’s web site has areas where visitors can provide identifying information; therefore we have developed our Privacy Statement to inform our web site visitors of our policies and practices regarding such information.
Our commitment to the privacy protection of our visitors and clients, both online and offline, is continued through our involvement in US privacy initiatives to include, but not limited to BBBOnline, Online Privacy Alliance, and HIPAA.
About
Who We Are
Leadership
Careers
Contact Us
Services
Coding & OASIS
Billing Services
Revenue Management
Advisory Services
Contact Us
13921 Park Center Road, Suite 350
Herndon VA 20171
703.435.8304
Mon - Fri: 8:30AM - 5:30PM
Sat - Sun: Closed
Scroll to top