https://acustomservices.com/privacy.php
Privacy Policy | A Custom Heating And Air Conditioning
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyYour privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected. We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law. We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes. We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned. Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date. We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification. We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
Recent Articles3 Signs That Your Home’s Furnace Needs RepairsAs we start moving into the cold winter months, the strain of constant use on your furnace is only going to increase, and as it does, it’s important to recognize that the chances of your furnace breaking down or developing one or more serious issues are only going to increase. […]Read MoreWhy Does My AC Freeze Up On Me?Hello! In this month’s Home Tips edition, I’d like to talk about a common problem that we see in our valued clients’ homes on Chicago’s northwest side of town. Air conditioners in the area freeze very frequently in the summer time, so here’s a little bit of information about why and what you can do […]Read More
To learn more about the privacy policy our Chicago heating professionals follow, please call 773-539-8175 or complete our
Online Request Form
Company
©
A Custom Services Inc., All Rights Reserved
A Custom Services Inc.
5772 W. Higgins
Chicago, IL 60630
Phone: 773-539-8175
Follow Us
Facebook
Yahoo
Merchant Circle
Yelp
LinkedIn
Write Review
Quick Links
Google Places
Articles
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
View Full Site
Sitemap
Read Our
Customer Reviews
Service Areas
Chicago, ILElmwood Park, ILGlenview, ILHarwood Heights, ILJefferson Park, ILNiles, ILNorridge, ILOak Park, ILPark Ridge, ILRiver Forest, ILRiver Grove, ILWilmette, ILWinnetka, IL
And more