https://adept-industrial.com.au/privacy-policy/index.php
Menu
Home
3M
Abrasives
Coated Abrasive Papers
Cut-Off Wheels
Cubitron II Abrasives
Roloc Abrasive Discs
Scotch-Brite Abrasives
Adhesives
Aerosol Cleaners
Cylinder Adhesives
Hot Melt Adhesives
Instant Adhesives
Industrial Adhesives
(PUR) Adhesive Sealants
Spray Adhesives
Structural Epoxy Adhesives
Structural Acrylic Adhesives
Tapes
Adhesive Transfer Tapes
All Weather Flashing Tapes
Box Sealing Tapes
Bumpons & Resilient Rollstock
Double Coated Tapes
Double Sided Foam Tapes
Dual Lock Reclosable Fasteners
Extreme Sealing Tapes
Filament Tapes
Foil Tapes
Lane Marking Tapes
Masking Tapes
Protective Tapes
Scotch ATG Ahesives Systems
Specialty Film Tapes
VHB Foam Tapes
VHB RP Tapes
VHB GPH Range
Venture Clad Tapes
Commercial Care
Anti Slip Products
Personal Protection
Breathing
Respirators Disposable
Respirators Powered
Respirators Reusable Kits
Hearing
Safety Glasses
Safety Goggles
Lite Talk Communication
Fall Protection
Other Products
Laser Markable Labels
Scotch Hang Tabs
Social Distancing Signage
Electrical
3M Electrical Solutions Catalogue.pdf
3M Electrical Tapes Selection Guide.pdf
Traffic
3M DG Reflective Tapes
3M Stamark Tapes
Stylus
Stylus Tape Products
Single-Sided Foam Tapes
Husky
Poron - Bisco
Other Suppliers
Custom Printed Tapes
Die Cutting & Converting
Documentation & Videos
Brochures
Flyers
Data Sheets
Demonstration Videos
Promotions
Newsletters
Search
Tel: 1800 008 590
Privacy Policy
What this Privacy Policy Covers
This Privacy Policy covers Adept Industrial Solutions treatment of personally identifiable information that Adept Industrial Solutions lects when you are on the Adept Industrial Solutions site, and when you use Adept Industrial Solutions’ products and services.
This policy does not apply to the practices of other sites or to people that Adept Industrial Solutions does not employ or manage.
Information lection and Use
Personally identifiable information is information, such as your name, mail and street address, telephone, fax, e-mail address, that can be used to uniquely identify you.
Anonymous information is not personally identifiable information. Anonymous information is information about how you use our site (such as sites you visit and searches you do). Anonymous information also includes the domain names and/or the time of day the site was visited, and other non-personal information.
It is only when you complete a form or send a request for information that you will be asked to provide us with personally identifiable information.
Adept Industrial Solutions lects personally identifiable information when you register as an Adept Industrial Solutions Client, when you use certain Adept Industrial Solutions products or services, and when you enter promotions or surveys.
When you ask for information from us, Adept Industrial Solutions, will ask for your details including your name, address, telephone and fax and in the case of a non-account purchase your credit card details. Once you register with Adept Industrial Solutions and use our products and services, you are not anonymous to us.
When ordering directly from our website your Credit Card details are lected via our website hosting service using Secure Sockets Layers (SSL) technology. With SSL Credit Card information is securely encrypted as it travels across the Internet to Adept Industrial Solutions. The lock symbol on the user’s web bser will indicate when SSL is enabled.
We may conduct occasional online surveys and chat rooms to improve our service and to seek the opinions of our users. These surveys are entirely voluntary, and you may easily decline to participate.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
Adept Industrial Solutions will not sell or rent your personally identifiable information to anyone.
We automatically lect IP usage information when you visit our Web site. This information helps us evaluate how our visitors use and navigate our site on an aggregate basis, including the number and frequency of visitors to each Web page, and the length of their visits. We do not monitor usage on an individual basis.
Adept Industrial Solutions will only send personally identifiable information about you to other organisations or people when:
We have your consent to share the information
We need to share your information in order to provide the information or service you have requested.
We need to send the information to a third party that works on behalf of Adept Industrial Solutions to provide a product or service to you. Unless we tell you differently, these organisations do not have any right to use the personally identifiable information we provide to them beyond what is necessary to assist us.
Adept Industrial Solutions reserves the right to disclose and use personally identifiable information in special circumstances where it is necessary to enforce our Terms and Conditions of Use. We may also disclose or use your personal information when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires us to do so.
If a governmental agency, or a law enforcement agency, requests information in relation to the identities of our user, we will comply with the request. If we receive a request by a third party that is not a governmental agency (for example, a request in connection with civil litigation), we will contact the user whose identity has been requested using the contact information the user provided during the registration process. We will wait 10 working days after notifying the user before deciding whether to comply with the request by disclosing the identity of the user, unless the request requires us to disclose this information before then. If we cannot wait 10 days because of the deadline in the request, we will let the user know the deadline included in the request when we provide notice that we received it.
We will not share any anonymous information about your use of our site with third parties if we know that this information will be linked with your personally identifiable information obtained from another source, unless you have given us permission to do this.
We will not share with third parties any personally identifiable information about you that is of a medical, ethnic, financial or sexual nature which comes into our site through e-mails, chat rooms or surveys.
Cookies
Adept Industrial Solutions may set and access Adept Industrial Solutions cookies on your computer. This cookie is not linked to any personally identifiable information.
Cookies do not damage your computer.
Adept Industrial Solutions will only send personally identifiable information about you to other organisations or people when:
You can decide if you want to accept cookies by changing the settings on your computer. You can reset your bser to refuse all cookies or allow your bser to show you when a cookie is being sent.
Adept Industrial Solutions allows other organisations that are presenting advertisements on some of our pages to set and access their cookies on your computer. The way other organisations use their cookies is subject to their own privacy policies. Advertisers or other organisations do not have access to Adept Industrial Solutions cookies.
If you want to prevent a third-party ad server from sending and reading cookies on your computer, currently you must visit each ad network’s web site individually and opt out.
Banner Ads
Occasionally we may allow other organisations, called third-party ad servers or ad networks, to display advertisements within our web pages.
Because your web bser must request these advertising banners from the ad network web site, these organisations can send their own cookies to your cookie file, just as if you had requested a web page from the site.
Please note that if an advertiser asks Adept Industrial Solutions to show an advertisement and you respond to that ad, the advertiser or ad-server may reasonably conclude that you accept the terms and conditions of their Privacy Policy
Third Party Sites
No third-party sites are covered by our Privacy Policy, but we will make every effort to ensure that third party sites comply with our Privacy Policy
How to Opt-Out
You must provide registration information when making an inquiry of Adept Industrial Solutions. However, you may choose to “opt out” of receiving further e-mail contacts/newsletters from Adept Industrial Solutions by contacting us at admin@adept-industrial.com.au
Security
Any information you supply to Adept Industrial Solutions is protected for your privacy and security.
In certain areas Adept Industrial Solutions uses SSL encryption to protect data transmissions.
We operate a secure web site protected by industry standard firewall and password protection. We have security measures in place to attempt to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of any data you may provide us.
Only certain employees have access to the information you provide us.
If any confidential or personally identifiable information is accessed by a third party, whether by negligence or otherwise of Adept Industrial Solutions, its agents, contractors, related bodies corporate, affiliates or associated parties, to the extent permitted by law, are not liable to you or to any person claiming through you in any way for any loss, damage, costs, liability or other form of contribution.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Adept Industrial Solutions may edit this policy from time to time. We will post any changes here, so be sure to check back periodically. However, please be assured that these changes will not use the personal information you submitted to us under this Privacy Policy in a manner that is materially inconsistent with this Privacy Policy without your prior consent.
We constantly improve the information and tools used to store data that you may provide to us. Please refer to this page from time to time to see these new features.
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. All changes will be posted to this page.
Comments or Suggestions
If you have questions or suggestions send an e-mail admin@adept-industrial.com.auIf you feel that your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed, you should contact the Federal Privacy Commissioner.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on: 19th February 2019.