https://adescenter.com/legal-notice/
Legal Notice
Please note that ADES Center is not a government agency or affiliated with any insurance agency in Florida. We are an independent school based in Tampa, FL that is licensed by the State of Florida to offer traffic school courses. In addition to traffic school classes, we also offer language classes. The disclaimer below explains how we use and protect any information that you share with us on our website. We understand that privacy is important. Please contact us if you have any questions about how we handle your data.
a.?Personal Information?? submitting personal information, such as name, address, email, or phone number, is voluntary. Below, please find an overview of ways information is collected and how the information is used.
b.?Online Forms?? Any additional information you chose to submit is up to your discretion. Please note that data you submit via online forms on our website is stored in a database on a 3rd party server. The server is owned by Survey Monkey, which manages the Wufoo form processing service.
c.?Non-personal Information?? Certain aggregate and non-personal information is collected whenever an individual visits this site. This type of information does not correlate to a single, identifiable visitor to the site. It provides general data such as the number of visits and the pages that were accessed. This information enables us to provide better content and is collected through either ?cookie? technology or with ?web beacons.?
d.?Cookies?? are the bits of text that are recorded on your computer?s hard drive when certain websites are visited. On our end, cookies relay information such as whether or not the individual has visited the site before, what features hold the greatest interest, and preferences. Cookies also enhance the functioning of the website. For example, flash cookies store data beyond simple text, but cannot access or remember information such as email addresses or other personal information, unless you submit it to our email address. In sum, cookies provide a website that is easier to navigate.
e.?Web Beacons?? also known as internet tags, pixel tags, or clear GIFs, they enable third parties to obtain information. This information may include: the computer?s IP address, the URL of the page on which the beacon appears, the time the page was viewed, type of browser used, and the information stored in the cookies. Log files are used to store the data collected by the beacons.
f.?Shared Information?? any personal information obtained by ADES Education Center?is not sold or disclosed, except as described herein. The following are circumstances where information disclosure may be mandatory: (1) if required by law or a legal proceeding; (2) if requested by law enforcement authorities or government officials; or (3) if disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical or financial harm or in connection with actual or suspected illegal activity. The right to transfer any information in the event of a change of ownership of ADES Education Center?is reserved. In the event of this occurrence, direction will be given to the transferee to use the personal information in a manner consistent with this Privacy Statement.
g.?Links to Other Sites?? links to other external sites are provided for information and convenience. These sites may contain their own privacy statements and policies. It is recommended that these statements are viewed independent of ADES Education Center?website and Privacy Statement.
h.?Minors?? this website is not intended to be accessed by those under the age of 18. There is no attempt to knowingly collect personal information from individuals under the age of 18 on the site. If it is brought to our attention that information has been inadvertently been received by a website visitor under the age of 18, we will delete the information from our records.
i.?Protecting Personal Information?? precautions are taken against unauthorized use, disclosure, alteration, or destruction of personal information provided on the website.
j.?Privacy Statement Updates?? may be made periodically without prior notice. Any significant changes will be included in a notice that is posted on the website.
k.?Contact Us?? should any questions or comments regarding the Privacy Statement arise, please contact us by calling (813) 886-1076.