http://adescor.com/contact/legal
Legal
» Contact » Legal
Content
Adescor.com is an information site with many views and opinions. It is the responsibility of the user to review this information as an opinion of the individual writer. Adescor.com makes no effort to validate specific views and claims by the individuals posting information to this site.  The writers on this site are experienced people in their field, and have been asked to write factual content and express opinions based on their experiences in the pipe industry. If you feel that an article requires a response, please feel free to post your opinion to the specific point that has been raised.
Copyright
© adescor.com 2020. This website and its contents are subject to copyright law. The copyright in some materials incorporated within this website is owned by third parties. You are authorised to view, copy, download and print the material on this website in unmodified form for personal, non-commercial and informational purposes. You are authorized to make a link to this website. Any other use of the material on this website must be authorized by adescor.com.
Privacy
Adescor.com recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of all information provided by users of our web sites, those who conduct business with us online, those who submit their resumes to us, and email senders and recipients. We have created this policy to be respectful of our users right to privacy and to guide our relationships with our users and clients.
We do not automatically gather any personal information from you unless you supply it voluntarily, usually through contacting us via e-mail or completing a comment to a blog entry.
You may be asked for personal information when you enter a contest or promotion (whether sponsored by us or one of our partners), or when you ask to receive any of our newsletters or software.
You may update or modify your information at any time by contacting us.
We do not offer, or allow the selling of, any user-provided information to third parties. We maintain nonpublic personal information only to facilitate normal business transactions.
Information is shared with adescor.com associates only when required for business purposes or by law.
Your information is only maintained in our systems long enough to satisfy our mutual business requirements or to meet any legal obligations.
We offer links to sites that are not operated by adescor.com. If you visit one of these linked sites, you should review their privacy and other policies. We are not responsible for the policies and practices of other companies.
For internal security, trend analysis, systems administration and to aggregate broad demographic information about our user base we gather date, time, browser type, navigation history and IP address of all visitors to our site, none of which can identify users personally.
For questions about this privacy statement, the practices of the site or any other dealings with adescor.com and its associates contact us.
For our physical address you can reach us at
Adescor.
427B Canada Avenue
Huron Park, ON Canada
N0M 1Y0
T +1 519-235-0870