http://adjudication.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Search
Search site
LoginYou must have Javascript enabled to use this form.
E-mail or username *
Enter your e-mail address or username.
Password *
Enter the password that accompanies your e-mail.
About usMember benefits
How to join
The Committee
Sub-committees
Constitution
Accounts and AGM
Privacy Policy
EventsNon-Society events
Past events
RegionsLondon/South-East
South-West/Wales
West Midlands
North-West
North-East
Scotland
Northern Ireland
Republic of Ireland
CASESEngland & Scotland
Northern Ireland
Australia
New Zealand
ResourcesArticles
Papers & talks
Research
Guidance Notes
Newsletters
News Archive
UK links
Overseas links
ANBs
ShopTerms and Conditions
MembersHow to join
Retrieve password
Contact
Privacy Policy
Home »
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Introduction
This policy summarises the key points about how the Adjudication Society collects, uses and discloses personal data relating to its members and ensures compliance with the relevant laws and regulations.
Personal data is information which relates to an individual and from which he or she can be identified either directly or indirectly through other data which the Adjudication Society has or is likely to have in its possession.  By submitting personal data to the Adjudication Society, you consent to its collection and use of the information as set out in this Privacy Policy.
We use up-to-date procedures to keep personal data as safe and secure as possible and to protect against unauthorised access or disclosure or loss. Where data is transferred electronically by Adjudication Society we will do our best to keep the data secure and to try to prevent unauthorised access.
The Adjudication Society will not lease, distribute or sell personal information to third parties other than distribution to Adjudication Society branches for administration purposes, unless required by law.
Responsibilities
Adjudication Society is the data controller of the personal data we process and therefore is responsible for ensuring its systems, processes, suppliers and its employees comply with data protection laws in relation to the information it handles.
Any individuals involved in the management and administration of the Adjudication Society must abide by this policy when handling personal data and must ensure they are fully informed as to the relevant data protection requirements.
The personal Data collected by the Society
The Adjudication Society collects personal data from members to communicate with its members and manage its membership and operations using any media, e.g. email, website, application forms etc. That personal information we collect includes:
your name
your email address
your telephone number
your address
name of your employer or firm
professional information such as position, occupation, interests, etc. (but only if you wish to supply them)
We assume that any information you supply to us is accurate and up-to-date, that you will log in and update it directly when anything changes, or inform us if any such information requires removal or updating.
Use of your personal information
Adjudication Society uses personal data in order to administer its membership and for the general operation of the Adjudication Society. Such use includes, but is not limited to:
Keeping a register of members for the purposes of operating the society, including issuing flyers, notices of events and other communications.
Maintaining a searchable database of adjudicators on the website (members choose whether to be included or not)
Providing data to venues that are used to host Adjudication Society events (such data being used only to manage the event)
Publishing a list of guests for certain events
Actions by members
Adjudication Society members can verify and update the information the Adjudication Society holds by logging in and editing their online Profile. They can also verify, update and delete the information the Adjudication Society holds by contacting the Adjudication Society. The Adjudication Society may need to keep minimal personal information (name and email address) for the sole purpose of maintaining accurate historical membership records.
Security
To prevent unauthorised disclosure or access to your information, we have implemented strong physical and electronic security safeguards.
We will always hold your information securely. The website uses HTTPS encryption so that no data can be intercepted between your web browser and our server.
Any personal information we hold about you is stored and processed under our data protection policy, in line with the Data Protection Act 1998 and related legislation. We also follow stringent procedures to ensure we work with all personal data in line with the Data Protection Act 1998.
Quick links
Log in
Password reminder
Become a member
Empty
£0.00
Research Requests
Research students sometimes submit a request for members to help with their research. If you can spare a moment, please check out any current requests.
Copyright © 2000-2020 The Adjudication Society. All rights reserved. In association with the Dispute Resolution Board Foundation, USA, and the Major Projects Association, UK. Site map | Privacy policy | Email disclaimer | Feedback, suggestions and comments are welcome: please email our webmaster.