https://adkcreditunion.com/privacy-policy/
Search
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy and Data Protection Statement
To assure the continued privacy and confidentiality of your personal financial information, your credit union observes these practices and procedures:
Information We Collect
We collect nonpublic information about you from some or all of the following sources:
Information we receive from you on applications or other forms, such as your name, address, social security number, assets, and income.
Information about your transactions with us, our affiliates, or others such as your account balance, payment history, parties to transactions, and credit card usage; and,
Information we receive from a consumer reporting agency, such as your creditworthiness and credit history.
We may collect basic user profile information from all of our Visitors. We collect the following additional information from our Authorized Customers:
Google Analytics: Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit this site, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other sites they used prior to coming to this site. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this site is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy. You can choose to opt-out of Google Analytics tracking by installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on.
Google Ads: Using cookies to determine past site use, remarketing delivers targeted advertising to users. You can opt-out of receiving these advertisements by using the Consumer Opt-Out process at www.networkadvertising.org/choices/.
Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting: By serving up the Google Analytics tracking code from the DoubleClick.net advertising network, tracking data on the Site is augmented by key demographic indicators, such as age, gender, and interest, allowing us to further analyze and inform site design, functionality, and configuration.
Information We Disclose
We may disclose all of the information we collect about our members or former members as described above to companies that perform marketing services on our behalf or to other financial institutions with whom we have joint marketing agreements. We share this information to provide you with high-quality products and services. We may also disclose information about you under other circumstances as permitted by law.
Our Security Measures
We restrict access to nonpublic information about you to those employees who need to know that information to provide products or services to you. We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with Federal regulations to guard your
nonpublic personal information.
Credit Union members and the public may receive copies of this notice of privacy practices by contacting the credit union.