https://admark.co.uk/cookie-policy/
Skip to content
Visitors to our website When someone visits www.admark.co.uk we collect standard internet log information and details of visitor traffic. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. We collect this information in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website and will not associate any data gathered from this site with any personally identifying information from any source. If we do want to collect personally identifiable information through our website, we will be up front about this. We will make it clear when we collect personal information and will explain what we intend to do with it. Use of cookies by Admark Advertising Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide anonymous information to the owners of the site. In order to manage web cookies on your computer/device, please select your browser from the list below and follow the instructions:
DESKTOP/LAPTOP COMPUTERS MOBILE DEVICES
Chrome Android
Firefox Safari
Internet Explorer Windows Phone
Safari Blackberry
Opera
The table below explains the cookies we use and why.
COOKIE NAME PURPOSE MORE INFORMATION
Google Analytics _utma _utmb _utmc _utmz These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports that help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, what part of the world our visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited. Click here for an overview of privacy at Google
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org. To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout Links to other websites This privacy notice does not cover the links within this site linking to other websites. We encourage you to read the privacy statements on the other websites you visit. Changes to this notice We keep our privacy notice under regular review. This privacy notice was last updated on 24st May 2018.