https://adrian-hall.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicySH admin2019-04-16T12:45:49+01:00
Who I Am
My website address is: https://adrian-hall.com.
I am committed to maintaining the trust and confidence of the visitors to my web site. In particular, I want you to know that I am not in the business of selling, renting or trading email lists with other companies and businesses for marketing purposes. I just don’t do that sort of thing. But just in case you don’t believe me, in this Privacy Policy, I’ve provided detailed information on when and why I collect your personal information, how I use it, the limited conditions under which we may disclose it to others and how I keep it secure. Grab a cuppa and read on.
What personal data I collect and why I collect it
Contact forms
When you use the contact form on this website to send me an email, I collect personal information from you. I use contact form submission information only to exchange emails with you about my services, and to contact you if I need to obtain or provide additional information; and to check my records are correct. I do not rent or trade email lists with other organisations and businesses. I do not use the information submitted through the forms for marketing purposes.
Cookies
This website uses cookies to collect information. This includes information about browsing behaviour by people who access this website, about pages viewed and the customer journey around this website.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Google Web Fonts
For uniform representation of fonts, this page uses web fonts provided by Google. When you open a page, your browser loads the required web fonts into your browser cache to display texts and fonts correctly.
For this purpose your browser has to establish a direct connection to Google servers. Google thus becomes aware that my web page was accessed via your IP address. The use of Google Web fonts is done in the interest of a uniform and attractive presentation of our plugin. This constitutes a justified interest pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (f) DSGVO.
If your browser does not support web fonts, a standard font is used by your computer.
Further information about handling user data, can be found at https://developers.google.com/fonts/faq and in Google’s privacy policy at https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.
YouTube
Some YouTube videos are embedded in this website. A YouTube cookie is used to provide web analytics in terms of the number of times a video has been watched and/or shared.
For further information, read YouTube’s privacy policy: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.
Spotify
My site, includes functionality provided by third parties including Spotify. As a publisher I am embedding content from other sources regularly to enrich your experience. These embedded pieces of content may contain cookies.
For further information, read Spotify’s privacy policy: (www.spotify.com/uk/legal/privacy-policy)
Plugin: Smush
Smush sends images to the WPMU DEV servers to optimise them for web use. This includes the transfer of EXIF data. The EXIF data will either be stripped or returned as it is. It is not stored on the WPMU DEV servers.
Smush uses the Stackpath Content Delivery Network (CDN). Stackpath may store web log information of site visitors, including IPs, UA, referrer, Location and ISP info of site visitors for 7 days. Files and images served by the CDN may be stored and served from countries other than your own. Stackpath’s Privacy Policy can be found here.
Smush uses a third-party email service (Drip) to send informational emails to the site administrator. The administrator’s email address is sent to Drip and a cookie is set by the service. Only administrator information is collected by Drip.
Who I share your data with
I do not share your data or information gained via this website with anyone else, or any other organisations without this data being anonymous or unless stated otherwise in this policy, such as third parties including Smush, Google, YouTube and Spotify.
How long we retain your data
I retain any data given to me via this website for as long as you are a client or interested in my services, and for no longer than six years prior to you ceasing to use my services or from your last enquiry.
What rights you have over your data
You can also request that we erase any personal data I hold about you. This does not include any data I am obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes. Please email your request to Adrian Hall at adrian(at)adrian-hall.com.
Your contact information
You can also request that we erase any personal data I hold about you. This does not include any data I am obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes. Please email your request to Adrian Hall at adrian(at)adrian-hall.com.
This website use cookies to ensure that we give you the best possible user experience. If you continue to use this site I will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy
Go to Top