https://adsonwheels.com/terms-of-use/
Terms of Use
Browse:HomeTerms of Use
TERMS OF USE & PRIVACY OF THIS WEBSITE
This website is owned and operated by Ads On Wheels, Inc. and contains material derived in whole or in part from intellectual property which is owned by Ads On Wheels, Inc. and is protected by copyright and trademark laws. Ads On Wheels, Inc. may also be referred to herein as Ads On Wheels, we, us, or our. Access and use of this website is subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein and all applicable laws. We reserve the right to revise the terms of use and our privacy policy at any time and without notice. Please check this website periodically to stay informed of any changes.
RESTRICTIONS ON USE OF MATERIALS
No material from this website or any website owned, operated, licensed or controlled by us may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way, except that you may download one copy of the materials on any single computer for your personal, non-commercial home use only, provided you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices. Modification of any material or use of any material for any other purpose is a violation of Ads On Wheels, Inc. copyright and other proprietary rights. The use of any such material on any other website or networked computer environment is expressly prohibited.
No material from this website or any website owned, operated, licensed or controlled by us may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way, except that you may download one copy of the materials on any single computer for your personal, non-commercial home use only, provided you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices. Modification of any material or use of any material for any other purpose is a violation of Ads On Wheels, Inc. copyright and other proprietary rights. The use of any such material on any other website or networked computer environment is expressly prohibited.
DISCLAIMER
We may provide links to websites maintained by third parties. We do not control any information, products, or services on these third party websites. The materials in this website are provided “as is” and without warranties of any kind, either express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, Ads On Wheels, Inc. disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. Ads On Wheels, Inc. does not warrant that the functions contained in the materials will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that this website or the server that makes it available is free of viruses or other harmful components. Ads On Wheels, Inc. does not warrant or make any representations regarding the use or the results of the use of the materials in this website in terms of their correctness, accuracy, reliability, or otherwise. You and not Ads On Wheels, Inc. assume the entire cost of all necessary servicing, repair or correction. Applicable law may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusions may not apply to you.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Under no circumstances, including, but not limited to, negligence, shall Ads On Wheels, Inc. be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, punitive, or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials in this website. You specifically acknowledge and agree that MPLLC is not liable for any defamatory, offensive, or illegal conduct of any user. If you are dissatisfied with any Ads On Wheels, Inc. material, or with any of Ads On Wheels, Inc.’s terms and conditions, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using this website. Applicable law may not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.
COPYRIGHT NOTICE; TRADEMARKS
All contents in this website, unless otherwise identified, are Copyright © 2000-2009 Ads On Wheels Inc., all rights reserved. Any material published on this website may contain other proprietary notices or describe products, services, processes or technologies owned by Ads On Wheels, Inc. or third parties. Such publication is not a grant of any license under any copyright, trademark, patent or other intellectual property right of Ads On Wheels, Inc. or any third-party.
EXTRATERRITORIAL APPLICATION
Unless otherwise specified, the materials in this website are presented solely for the purpose of promoting Ads On Wheels, Inc. and its services in the United States. We make no representation that any material in this website is appropriate or available for use in other locations. If you choose to access this website from a location other than the United States, you do so on your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with your local laws, if and to the extent your local laws are applicable.
PRIVACY POLICY
We are committed to protecting any personal information that you may provide to us and we believe it is important for you to know how we treat such information.
INFORMATION COLLECTED
We collect information you provide to us in person, over the telephone, via email, or via this website. You can visit our website without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself. When you visit this website, our web servers gather and analyze information regarding your usage of this website, including but not limited to, your domain name, number of hits, pages visited, previous/subsequent sites visited and length of user session. Such information may be gathered through the use of a cookie. A cookie is a small text file placed on the hard drive of your computer by our website server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies by altering the settings of your computer browser. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to sign in or use other interactive features of this or other websites and services that depend on cookies.Certain information you may provide through this website, including, but not limited to, feedback, data, answers, questions, comments, suggestions, plans, ideas, or the like, will not be treated as proprietary or confidential and we assume no obligation to protect such information from disclosure. Your submission of such information to us shall not restrict the purchase, manufacture or use of similar products, services, plans and ideas by us for any purpose whatever and we shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose and distribute the information provided by you to others without restriction.We may conduct periodic online surveys to better understand the needs and profile of our customers. When we conduct an online survey, we will inform you how the information collected from you on the Internet will be used. This website is not intended for persons under 13 years of age. We will not knowingly solicit or collect personal information from or about children, and we do not knowingly market our products or services to children.
USE OF COLLECTED INFORMATION
Ads On Wheels, Inc., our subsidiaries, authorized agents, and business partners may use your account information to respond to and fulfill your requests and to process payments you authorize. We may contact our customers via email to communicate important product developments or changes.We do not release, rent, share, lease, or sell account information, mailing addresses, or email addresses to any third parties. We will not release location information or other customer account information unless ordered by appropriate court documents, or in the event of a Law Enforcement Agency declared emergency.
SECURITY OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We are committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We do not sell, lease or rent our email customer lists to third parties.
THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
This privacy policy does not extend to any third party website that may be linked to this website. Any link to a third party website is provided solely as a convenience to you and we are not responsible for their content, nor do we endorse, warrant or guarantee the products or services described or offered in any third party website.
TO RESOLVE PRIVACY ISSUES
If you have questions or concerns about the privacy or security of your information, contact Ads On Wheels, Inc. from the contact information listed under the contact page.
Get Your Vehicle Wrap Cost Now!
Call 						800-237-6694
Request Wrap Price
Vehicle WrapsCar Wraps
Truck Wraps
Trailer Wraps
Bus & RV Wraps
Commercial Vehicle Fleet Graphics
Wrap ServicesWrap Design
Wrap Printing
Wrap Installation
CompanyAbout Us
The Process
Why Use Ads on Wheels®
Testimonials
Careers
Media Kit
Contact Us
Blog
Recent Posts
FEMA Trailer Graphics: Pharmacy for Disaster Relief
Top 3 Most Common Vehicles for Vinyl Graphics
RV Wraps that Hit the Advertising Target
Trailer Wraps: How To Mix Work And Play With Trailer Graphics!
How To Choose The Right Vehicle Graphics Company
Subscribe to our newsletter:
*
CAPTCHA
Ads On Wheels, Inc. is a nationwide vehicle wraps and fleet graphics company. Our company provides full design, printing, and installation services throughout the United States and Canada. Our offerings include premium 3M™ vinyl wrap printing and certified graphics installation and removal.
800-237-6694
info@adsonwheels.com