https://adsonwheels.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Browse:HomePrivacy Policy
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form.When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
WHAT DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION FOR?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:; To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs); To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you); To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs); To process transactionsYour information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested. ; To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature; To send periodic emailsThe email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to?keep the information confidential.After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be kept on file for more than 60 days.
DO WE USE COOKIES?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain informationWe use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.If you prefer, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies via your browser settings. Like most websites, if you turn your cookies off, some of our services may not function properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone or by contacting customer service.
DO WE DISCLOSE ANY INFORMATION TO OUTSIDE PARTIES?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
THIRD PARTY LINKS
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
CALIFORNIA ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT COMPLIANCE
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
CHILDRENS ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT COMPLIANCE
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at https://www.adsonwheels.com/legal/
YOUR CONSENT
By using our site, you consent to our web site privacy policy.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
CONTACTING US
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.800-237-6694 or at info(@)adsonwheels.com
Get Your Vehicle Wrap Cost Now!
Call 						800-237-6694
Request Wrap Price
Vehicle WrapsCar Wraps
Truck Wraps
Trailer Wraps
Bus & RV Wraps
Commercial Vehicle Fleet Graphics
Wrap ServicesWrap Design
Wrap Printing
Wrap Installation
CompanyAbout Us
The Process
Why Use Ads on Wheels®
Testimonials
Careers
Media Kit
Contact Us
Blog
Recent Posts
FEMA Trailer Graphics: Pharmacy for Disaster Relief
Top 3 Most Common Vehicles for Vinyl Graphics
RV Wraps that Hit the Advertising Target
Trailer Wraps: How To Mix Work And Play With Trailer Graphics!
How To Choose The Right Vehicle Graphics Company
Subscribe to our newsletter:
*
CAPTCHA
Ads On Wheels, Inc. is a nationwide vehicle wraps and fleet graphics company. Our company provides full design, printing, and installation services throughout the United States and Canada. Our offerings include premium 3M™ vinyl wrap printing and certified graphics installation and removal.
800-237-6694
info@adsonwheels.com