https://advancedfreezer.com/terms-of-use/
Skip to content
Terms of Use - Disclaimer
Advanced Equipment Inc. (Advanced Equipment) provides this website subject to the following terms and conditions, which may be updated by Advanced Equipment from time-to-time without notice. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of the following terms and conditions.
This website, its organization and design, and all information, images, artwork, text, video, audio, pictures and other materials on this website (together, "Content") are provided "as is". The Content is believed to be accurate when it was posted on this site. However, the Content may not be accurate, complete or current. Advanced Equipment makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the Content or the operation of this website.
The Content of the web site is not legal advice. Do not use or otherwise rely upon any of the Content without seeking legal advice.
There is no client-corporate relationship between you and Advanced Equipment until we are formally retained by you in writing. Until that time, any communications between you and Advance Equipment will not be privileged or confidential.
E-mail communications between you and Advanced Equipment may not be secure. We suggest that you encrypt all e-mail to increase the security of your communications with us.
Advanced Equipment and its partners, employees and representatives will not be liable to you or any other party for any damages of any kind including, without limitation, indirect, special, consequential or incidental damages, lost profits, business interruption or other damages arising directly or indirectly from your use of this website or the Content.
The Content and the copyright in the Content is owned by Advanced Equipment. You may download information from the website for your personal, non-commercial viewing, but you may not otherwise copy, reproduce, republish, post, transmit, display, frame in another web page, perform, distribute, modify or create derivative works from the Content without our prior written approval.
Advanced Equipment Inc., the Advanced Equipment logo, and all other Advanced Equipment trade-marks and trade names appearing on this website are owned by Advanced Equipment. Unless otherwise indicated, all other trade-marks appearing on this website are owned by third parties and are used by Advanced Equipment under license.
Advanced Equipment respects your personal privacy. You may use this website without providing any personal information about yourself to us. If we ask you to provide us with any personal information, we will tell you the purposes for which we intend to use that information. We will not collect, use, or disclose that information without your consent, and we will not use or disclose that information for any other purposes without your consent. Here you will find our <a href="privacy-statement">Privacy Statement </a>.
The sites that are linked from this website are not under our control. Advanced Equipment does not assume any responsibility or liability for any communications or materials available at those linked sites. All links are provided for your convenience only; they are not an endorsement or referral by Advanced Equipment. If you wish to provide a link to our website from your website, you may only link to our home page at www.advancedfreezer.com. You may not use any Advanced Equipment icons or logos on your website, without our express written consent, and you may not use the link to suggest that Advanced Equipment sponsors, endorses, approves of, or is affiliated with, you or your website.
These terms and conditions, your access to and use of this website, and any claims made at law or in equity against Advanced Equipment, its partners, employees, consultants and representatives, arising out of such access or use or otherwise, will be governed by and construed and interpreted in accordance with the applicable Canadian laws.
If there is any conflict between this agreement and any other agreement between you or your business and Advanced Equipment, the latter agreements will prevail.
Advanced Equipment may amend these terms and conditions at any time without notice. Accordingly, you should periodically re-visit these terms and conditions to review the then current terms and conditions governing your use of this website. If any part of these terms and conditions is unlawful, void or unenforceable, then that part is severable and will not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining terms and conditions.
Scroll To Top
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkNoPrivacy policy
You can revoke your consent any time using the Revoke consent button.Revoke cookies