https://advancedbenefitconsulting.com/ab-5-dynamex-does-it-help-or-hurt-california-employers/
(866) 658-3835
Facebook
Twitter
RSS
A Full Service Employee Benefit and Compliance Solution for Employers
Facebook
Twitter
RSS
AB-5 Dynamex:
Does it Help or Hurt California Employers?
Nov 8, 2019 | Blog, COIN (County of Orange Insurance News), Feature Article
(Extended Version, Unedited)
Note:
Shorter version, edited for space, printed in the County of Orange
Insurance News (The COIN), November-December, 2019
By:  Dorothy M. Cociu, RHU, REBC, GBA, RPAPresident, Advanced Benefit Consulting & Insurance Services, Inc.
We’ve been talking about the Dynamex ruling (April 30, 2018; Dynamex Operations West vs Superior Court of Los Angeles), which adopted the “ABC Test” for worker classifications, followed by the signing of Assembly Bill 5, for nearly two years, and it just keeps getting worse for certain California businesses.
The Dynamex
case started with the presumption that a worker who performs services for the
hiring entity is an employee for the purposes of claims for wages and
benefits.  In this supreme court case,
the ABC test was adopted to distinguish between an independent contractor and
an employee.
Assembly
Bill 5 (AB-5) was signed into law by California Governor Gavin Newsome on September
18, 2019.  The purpose of AB-5 was to
codify the Dynamex decision and to clarify the decision’s application to state
law.  Basically, under AB-5, the burden
of proof that someone is an independent contractor falls onto the hiring
employer entity… Otherwise, the person doing the work will be an employee.  To prove the independent contractor status,
the employer must apply the ABC Test.
According to
Marilyn Monahan, attorney at Monahan Law Office, “Dynamex changed the test that employers must apply to
distinguish between common law employees and independent contractors for wage
order purposes.  The Court referred to
the new 3-factor test as the ABC test.
Prior to Dynamex, California
had relied on an 11-factor test outlined in the case of S.G. Borello & Sons, Inc. v. Department of Industrial Relations,
48 Cal. 3d 341 (1989).”  These tests are
not at all easy to understand or to apply for many California employers faced
with this new challenge.
I asked Marilyn if/how Dynamex caused controversy.  “[Yes], Dynamex generated controversy.  The
legislature responded by introducing several bills to address the application
(or not) of the ABC test, including AB-5.
AB-5 also generated controversy, but it was passed by the legislature
and signed by the governor this summer.  AB-5
codifies Dynamex (in Labor Code
section  2750.3).  The bill also expands the scope of Dynamex (because the new standard
applies to more than wage orders), but at the same time it includes a number of
exceptions (because lobbyists took an active interest in the bill).”
AB-5 has
far-reaching applications.  According to
Marilyn Monahan, it “applies to work performed
on or after January 1, 2020.  However,
the bill also states that it is declaratory of existing law, which means that
the Dynamex test is currently in effect with regard to wage orders.”
I’m sure most of you
have been hearing about the ABC test, and many affected by this ruling have
been seeking assistance from their law firms for months or years.  For those that may not be as familiar, let’s
break down the ABC test…
“Under the ABC test,”
stated Marilyn Monahan, “a person providing labor or services for
remuneration shall be considered an employee rather than an independent
contractor unless the hiring entity demonstrates that all of the
following conditions are satisfied:
(A) The person is free from the control and
direction of the hiring entity in connection with the performance of the work,
both under the contract for the performance of the work and in fact.
(B) The person performs work that is outside
the usual course of the hiring entity’s business.
(C) The person is customarily engaged in an
independently established trade, occupation, or business of the same nature as
that involved in the work performed.
It is anticipated
that this test will result in more individuals being classified as employees
than was the case under the Borello
test.”
If any exceptions
apply during the ABC test (and often many will, as it’s almost impossible to
pass the B test), then we move to the Borello test.  (S.G. Borello & Sons, Inc. v. Department
of Industrial Relations, 1989, 48 Cal. 3d 341).
The most important
factor is whether the person to whom service is rendered (employer), has
control or the right to control the worker.
This could apply to both the control the work performed and the manner
and means in which the work is performed.
It is under the
Borello Test that professional services, such as insurance agents, were
exempted from Dynamex.
“AB-5 includes a
number of exceptions,” stated Marilyn Monahan.
“One of those exceptions applies to insurance licensees.  The bill states that the Borello test, rather than the Dynamex
standard, applies to a ‘person or organization who is licensed by the
Department of Insurance pursuant to Chapter 5 (commencing with Section 1621),
Chapter 6 (commencing with Section 1760), or Chapter 8 (commencing with Section
1831) of Part 2 of Division 1 of the Insurance Code.’”
AB-5 author Assembly
Member Lorena Gonzalez has stated “the exceptions we have included will ensure
that independent contractors in professions where people have the ability to
negotiate for themselves, such as doctors, lawyers, insurance agents, real
estate agents, accountants, hairstylists and freelance journalists – are
protected.”
Borello has 11
additional factors to be considered.  Although
the 11-factor Borello test is complicated, I will try to highlight some of the
provisions.  Again, as stated above, the
most significant factor to be considered is whether the employer or principal
has control or the right to control the worker both as to the work done and the
manner and means in which it is performed.
Additional factors
include whether the person performing the services is engaged in an occupation
or business distinct from that of the principal/employer; whether or not it’s
part of the regular business of the alleged employer; whether the employer or
worker supplies the tools and instruments
used; the alleged employee’s investment in the equipment or materials
used; whether the services require a special skill; the kind of occupation in
the locality, and whether the work is usually done under the direct supervision
of the employer or done without supervision; the alleged employee’s opportunity
for profit or loss depending on his or her skills; the length of time for which
services will be performed; the degree of permanence of the relationship; the
method of payment (by time or by job), and whether or not the parties believe
they are creating an employer-employee relationship.
What a lot of
employers want to know is, why isn’t their industry considered an exception, when so
many others are?  In particular, the trucking industry seems to
be among the hardest hit, and they have the most to lose.
I sat down with one
of my long-term friends and business associates, Kathryn Kingston, who works as
the Controller for a trucking organization in Chino, to ask her about how this
new law affects them.
“Kathryn,” I asked, “for years, many employers
like yourselves have hired independent contractors for many positions, and now
you’re faced with many of these independent contractors becoming employees.
Can you tell us the financial impact, in general, that this will have on your
firm?”  Kathryn replied: “The financial impact is huge when you consider the
workers compensation costs, health insurance and employer taxes, just for
starters.”
In our conversation,
I asked her about the time and money they spent on specialists, like law firms
and consultants, to work with her firm on this.  How time consuming was/is
this, I asked her, and did this time take away from your primary business
operations?  “This is a big distraction to
executives.  The trucking industry has spent millions of dollars over the
last couple of years fighting for the rights of the independent contractor.
All the time spent attending meetings and weekly phone conferences is time
that is taken away from growing our business.”
Overnight, her
trucking firm will go from a small to a mid-size employer, which brings on many
more complexities with benefits, the ACA, and more.  I asked her what her
biggest fears/concerns were with these issues?  “Compliance,” Kathryn
stated, matter-of-factly.  “As a small employer, we have not had to
learn or comply with various laws.  Now we have to learn a whole new set
of complex laws and try to be compliant.  Since California does their own
thing, it is often hard to keep track of whose law to be compliant with,
Federal or State.”
Kathryn’s firm
did not have to worry about ACA applicable large employer (ALE) compliance
until now.  Her firm was under 50
full-time employees, with over 100 independent contractor truck drivers.  With AB-5, she will need to hire them as
employees, some of whom that their organization values they may lose to another
trucking firm, since many work for more than one.  Then, of course, she will need to track them
due to the ALE requirements for employer reporting under the ACA.  This means much more time and expense to
them, reliance on either their payroll company or other vendor to provide
variable hour employee hours tracking, or determine them all designated
full-time employees, which could be even more expensive to them.  They will then, of course, have to offer them
benefits under the ACA, which means that significant plan changes will occur,
and a lot of additional compliance concerns.
I asked Marilyn
Monahan to help me break down the law’s particulars for industries like
trucking industries.
“In general,”
Marilyn stated, “whether someone qualifies as an employee under the ACA depends
on the federal common law definition, rather than the California standard.  However, it
may be administratively difficult (if not almost impossible) to effectively
distinguish between individuals who are employees for one purpose and
independent contractors for another.
Therefore, reclassification could have a significant impact on employee
benefit plans.  For example,
reclassification could turn a small employer into an ALE, could impact
eligibility for small group coverage, and could expand the number of employees
who are entitled to an offer of coverage to avoid a 4980H penalty.  Employers
should seek the advice of legal counsel as to the impact of reclassification on
workers.”
Of course, there is
more to it than that.  This law has
far-reaching effects, and employers affected have to look across the board for
changes and additional compliance requirements.
“In all events,”
Marilyn stated, “employers should also review the language of their employee
benefit plan documents to ensure that eligibility terms accurately reflect the
employer’s intent, as well as any applicable legal mandates or standards.”  So plan documents, SPDs, even employee
manuals, policies and procedures related to their ACA decisions, etc. are all
components of the law.  Meaning that the
formerly small employer takes on the role of the large employer, without the benefit
of years to adjust and prepare.
The state
legislature seems to think that all independent contractors will love this law
and applaud it’s existence.  So, as an
employer being affected with this, I asked Kathryn Kingston how she thinks the
independent contractors feel about this law?  Do they want to be employees
or do they prefer to be independent?   “Many contractors don’t want to lose their rights to set
their own schedules and to be able to pick and choose which loads they want,”
Kathryn stated.  “California law is
taking those rights away by making them employees.”
Of course, many
employers are feeling these things.  I
asked Kathryn if she could tell our state legislators in a few sentences what
she thinks of this law, what would she tell them?  “Stop taking away the
rights of the independent contractor.  Stop targeting the trucking
industry,”, she said emphatically.   “Why
does this law have carve-outs for industries like Doctors, Architects,
Financial Advisors but they refused to carve out trucking? This is a
discriminatory law in that it doesn’t apply to everyone, only who California
government chooses.”
It’s not just the trucking industry, of course.  As you may have heard, UBER and Lyft have put together $70 million to fight this law, because their drivers want to be independent, and their prices would of course skyrocket if they had to hire all drivers as employees.  In addition, many drivers drive for both UBER and Lyft.  They are taking this to the ballot in 2020, so stay tuned!  ##
Editor and Author’s Note:  The views contained herein are the views of the author, and not those of OCAHU, CAHU or NAHU.  The author always recommends the use of
qualified legal counsel for legal recommendations.  She is not an attorney and does NOT provide
any legal advice, and this should not be construed as such.
Dorothy M. Cociu, RHU, REBC, GBA, RPA, President Advanced Benefit
Search for:
Recent Posts
S2E11 – PPP Loan Forgiveness Tips with Tax Accountant John Piekarski
S2E10 – Employer Cost Savings Tips in RX Plans
S2E9 – Medicare Open Enrollment Must Do’s
S2E8 – Federal Legislative Updates & Election Preview with Marcy Buckner Part 2
S2E7 – Federal Legislative and Election Updates 2020 from a leading Government Affairs representative
Categories
About Us
Blog
CARES Act
COIN (County of Orange Insurance News)
coronavirus-covid-19
Data Breaches & Cyber Security
Feature Article
HIPAA Privacy & Security Updates
Legal
Legislative Update
News & Press
Podcast
Reference Based Pricing
Season 1
Season 2
Single Payer
video