https://advaloremtax.net/privacy-policy/
Menu Skip to right header navigation Skip to main contentBefore HeaderGuaranteed results or you don't pay. Call us today at (281) 957-9600.   Client Login
Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is: https://advaloremtax.net.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Contact forms
We use contact forms to communicate with our customers. Advaloremtax.net protects your privacy by not sharing or selling your personal information with any third party. In addition to the news updates that you will receive as a member, at times you may be sent information on new products or services that Advaloremtax.net has to offer.
Each of these e-mails will have an “opt out” message that will allow you to remove your address from the list, ensuring you will not receive future messages.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
We use Google Analytics to track visitor usage of our website.
Who we share your data with
Advaloremtax.net protects your privacy by not sharing or selling your personal information with any third party. In addition to the news updates that you will receive as a member, at times you may be sent information on new products or services that Advaloremtax.net has to offer.
Each of these e-mails will have an “opt out” message that will allow you to remove your address from the list, ensuring you will not receive future messages.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Your contact information
Advaloremtax.net protects your privacy by not sharing or selling your personal information with any third party. In addition to the news updates that you will receive as a member, at times you may be sent information on new products or services that Advaloremtax.net has to offer.
Each of these e-mails will have an “opt out” message that will allow you to remove your address from the list, ensuring you will not receive future messages.
English
Afrikaans Albanian Amharic Arabic Armenian Azerbaijani Basque Belarusian Bengali Bosnian Bulgarian Catalan Cebuano Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Corsican Croatian Czech Danish Dutch English Esperanto Estonian Filipino Finnish French Frisian Galician Georgian German Greek Gujarati Haitian Creole Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hindi Hmong Hungarian Icelandic Igbo Indonesian Irish Italian Japanese Javanese Kannada Kazakh Khmer Korean Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kyrgyz Lao Latin Latvian Lithuanian Luxembourgish Macedonian Malagasy Malay Malayalam Maltese Maori Marathi Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nepali Norwegian Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese Punjabi Romanian Russian Samoan Scottish Gaelic Serbian Sesotho Shona Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sudanese Swahili Swedish Tajik Tamil Telugu Thai Turkish Ukrainian Urdu Uzbek Vietnamese Welsh Xhosa Yiddish Yoruba Zulu
COVID-19 Update
We want you, our clients, to know that we are still working and are here to represent your best interest during this time where our daily lives are being turned upside down. We are currently observing county orders pertaining to the COVID-19 pandemic and safe working practices, but are grateful that we live in a time where we have the means to work online and via phone to continue our work for you.
Please do not hesitate to call us at (281) 957-9600,
email us,
sign up, or
log in to your account online if you should need assistance.
We are committed to continuing our work to lower your property taxes. Let us know how we can help you!