https://advancedfreezer.com/privacy-statement-advanced-equipment-inc/
Skip to content
Privacy Statement
Here you will find our Privacy statement for Advanced Equipment Inc. We are committed to maintaining the security, confidentiality and privacy of your personal information.
The Policy of Advanced Equipment Inc. ("Advanced Equipment ") is committed to maintaining the security, confidentiality and privacy of your personal information. Advanced Equipment adheres to the Canadian Privacy Act (PIPEDA). We also adhere to the Canada Anti-Spam Law, or CASL. Express consent is granted by opt in on our web site forms. Refer here for more Information and FAQS on the CASL.
Privacy Policy Scope
This policy applies to Advanced Equipment and any other affiliates from time to time in respect of activities that are subject to federal and provincial privacy legislation. References to “Advanced Equipment “, “we” or “us” in this policy include Advanced Equipment Inc.
This Policy addresses personal information about our clients, service providers and other individuals. It does not apply to information collected, used or disclosed with respect to corporate or commercial entities. This Policy does not apply to the collection, use or disclosure of the following information by Advanced Equipment:
Business contact information;
Publicly available information recognized under applicable privacy legislation;
1. Accountability
Advanced Equipment is responsible for personal information under its control. We have designated a Privacy Commissioner who is responsible for Advanced Equipment compliance with this Policy.
2. Purposes
Upon or before collecting information, Advanced Equipment will state the purpose of collection, unless the purpose is obvious, and will provide, on request, contact information for the Privacy Commissioner who can answer questions about the collection.
We collect, use and disclose personal information for purposes authorized or required by applicable privacy legislation or other law and for the following purposes:
To provide freezer systems;
To establish and maintain client and supplier relationships, which may include evaluating credit standing and obtaining and providing credit information and credit reports;
To fulfill legal duties and avoid conflicts of interest;
To share information with third parties for the purpose of providing freezer services, including data service providers, printers, registry agents, other suppliers of products and services and experts;
To manage and develop our business and operations;
To detect and protect Advanced Equipment, you and others from error, negligence, fraud or other illegal activity, which may include providing information to insurers;
To provide information to anyone working with or for Advanced Equipment , as needed for the provision of our services;
To issue invoices, process payments and collect debts owed to Advanced Equipment;
To engage in business transactions, including the sale, transfer, securitization, financing or other disposition of assets or liabilities of Advanced Equipment;
To comply with legal and regulatory requirements.
The above uses and disclosures are a necessary part of your relationship with us.
We may also use your personal information for the following additional purposes:
To offer you additional or alternative services and we may add it to client lists which we prepare and use for this purpose;
To provide you with newsletters, bulletins, information about upcoming seminars and other general information about areas of law and about Advanced Equipment;
To contact you for survey purposes.
If you do not want us to use your personal information for these additional purposes you may at any time by provide written notice to the Advanced Equipment Privacy Commissioner. You will not be refused services merely because you advised Advanced Equipment to stop using information in these ways.
Before using or disclosing personal information for a purpose not previously identified, we will identify the new purpose and obtain your consent unless the use or disclosure is authorized or required by law.
3. Consent
We will obtain your consent to collect, use or disclose personal information except where we are authorized or required by law to do so without consent. For example, we may collect, use or disclose personal information without your knowledge or consent where:
*The personal information is publicly available from a prescribed source, such as a telephone directory;
Advanced Equipment is collecting or paying a debt;
It is reasonable to expect that obtaining consent would compromise an investigation or proceeding.
Your consent can be express, implied or given through an authorized representative such as a lawyer, agent or broker.
Consent may be provided orally, in writing, electronically, through inaction (such as when you fail to notify us that you do not wish your personal information collected/used/disclosed for optional purposes following reasonable notice of same) or otherwise. By providing personal information to us, you agree that we may collect, use and disclose such personal information as set out in this Privacy Policy and as otherwise permitted or required by law.
You may withdraw consent at any time, subject to legal or contractual restrictions, provided that reasonable notice of withdrawal of consent is given to Advanced Equipment. On receipt of notice of withdrawal of consent, we will inform you of the likely consequences of the withdrawal of consent, which may include our inability to provide services for which that information is necessary.
4. Limits on Collection of Personal Information
We will not collect personal information indiscriminately and will limit collection of personal information to that which is reasonable and necessary to provide our services and which is reasonable and necessary for the purposes consented to by you. Advanced Equipment also collects personal information as authorized or required by law.
5. Limits for Using, Disclosing and Retaining Personal Information
Your personal information will only be used or disclosed for the purposes set out above and as authorized by law.
We will keep personal information used to make a decision affecting an individual for at least one year after using it to make the decision.
We will destroy, erase or make anonymous documents or other records containing personal information as soon as it is reasonable to assume that the original purpose is no longer being served by retention of the information and retention is no longer necessary for legal or business purposes.
We will take due care when destroying personal information so as to prevent unauthorized access to the information.
6. Accuracy
We will make reasonable efforts to ensure that personal information we collect, use or disclose is accurate and complete. In some cases, we rely on you to ensure that certain information, such as your address or telephone number, is current, complete and accurate.
If you demonstrate the inaccuracy or incompleteness of personal information, we will amend the information as required. If appropriate, we will send the amended information to third parties to whom the information has been disclosed.
When a challenge regarding the accuracy of personal information is not resolved to your satisfaction, we will annotate the personal information under our control with a note that the correction was requested but not made.
7. Safeguarding Personal Information
We recognize our professional and legal obligations to protect the confidential information of our clients. We recognize as well our legal obligations to protect the personal information we have gathered about our clients and about other individuals during the course of our business.
We have therefore made arrangements to secure against the unauthorized access, collection, use, disclosure, copying, modification, disposal or destruction of personal information.
Please note that confidentiality and security are not assured when information is transmitted through e-mail or other electronic communication. We will not be responsible for any loss or damage as a result of a breach of security and/or confidentiality when you transmit information to us by e-mail or other electronic communication or when we transmit such information by such means at your request.
8. Openness
Advanced Equipment is open about the policies and procedures it uses to protect your personal information. Information about these policies and procedures will be made available. However, to ensure the integrity of our security procedures and business methods, we do not disclose sensitive information about our policies and procedures.
9. Providing Access
In some situations, we may not be able to provide access to certain personal information. This may be the case where, for example, disclosure would reveal personal information about another individual, the personal information is protected by solicitor/client privilege, the information was collected for the purposes of an investigation, disclosure of the information would reveal confidential commercial information that, if disclosed, could harm the competitive position of Advanced Equipment, or we are prevented by law from providing access to certain personal information.
We may charge a reasonable fee for providing information in response to an access request and will provide an estimate of any such fee upon receiving an access to information request. We may require a deposit for all or part of the fee. We will make the information available within 30 days or provide written notice where additional time is required to fulfill the request.
Where an access request is refused, we will notify you in writing, document the reasons for refusal and outline further steps which are available to you.
10. Changes
We may review and change our Privacy Policy from time to time.
11. Web Site
Our web site uses cookies. Cookies are small pieces of data which are stored on your computer to allow your web browser to remember something about a web site. Cookies are useful because they enable site personalization. For example, cookies can be used to remember a password so that you do not need to enter it every time you log onto a site. Cookies may also enable a site to track and target a user's interests to enhance your experience on their site.
Our web site may contain links to other sites and advertisements. Our Privacy Policy only applies to information collected by our web site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices and policies of third parties.
12. Compliance
Advanced Equipment will, on request, provide information regarding its complaint procedures.
Privacy enquires should be directed in writing to the following address:
Privacy Commissioner
Advanced Equipment Inc.
2411 Vauxhall Place
Richmond, BC, Canada V6V 1Z5
Scroll To Top
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkNoPrivacy policy
You can revoke your consent any time using the Revoke consent button.Revoke cookies