https://advancedpower.co.uk/contact/privacy-policy/
GDPR – Web Privacy Statement
Our Commitment
As you will be aware, the new EU General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) came into force on the 25th May 2018, when the previous UK Data Protection Act 1998 was superseded. We at Advanced Power Technology (APT) want to assure you that we handle your data professionally, securely and in accordance with the new regulations. You are on our database as we believe that you have a legitimate business interest directly related to the work that APT undertakes.
Principles Underlying our Commitment
As such, we only hold your business name, your name and email address so we may contact you about relevant products and services or otherwise (usually during a campaign, twice and generally 3 to 4 times a year). We like to think that this information is of use to you.
What we do not do is sell your contact data or pass on any details to 3rd parties.
Managing our Impacts
We are very proud of the great customers and networks we have built up over the years and pleased that you still wish to hear from us. If this is no longer the case, however, please let us know by unsubscribing to marketing materials and we will remove your contact data accordingly. If sent via our Swiftpage Emarketing facility, then please be aware that we will always have an unsubscribe link on our marketing emails and you are able to unsubscribe at any time.
Private emails sent to individuals who have specifically requested information by either providing a business card or otherwise maybe contacted directly on the email. If you are contacted directly and do not wish to be contacted again, please email info@advancedpower.co.uk and advise accordingly. Emails will contain the following footer: ‘You are receiving this email as it is believed you have a legitimate business interest in our work. Advanced Power Technology Ltd only hold information on your name, company name and email address and do not pass on any details to third parties. If you no longer wish to be emailed, please reply with the words ‘opt out’ and you will be removed from our database.’
Responsibility and Implementation
Responsibility for the compliance with this policy lies with the Director of Advanced Power Technology, John Thompson.
Review and Update
Our policy will be reviewed and updated where appropriate in accordance with prevailing legislation.
Cookies
Author: John Thompson, MD Advanced Power Technology Ltd
Advanced Power Technology © 2020 Advanced Power Technology Lt. All rights reserved |Company Reg: 2486740 | Telephone: 01943 831990 | Email: info@advancedpower.co.uk
Scroll to top