https://advancedbenefitconsulting.com/privacy-training-seminars/entering-the-world-of-privacy-an-employers-guide-to-privacy-compliance/
(866) 658-3835
Facebook
Twitter
RSS
A Full Service Employee Benefit and Compliance Solution for Employers
Facebook
Twitter
RSS
Entering the World Of Privacy, An Employer’s Guide to Privacy Compliance
All New Virtual Classroom Online Training
Featuring HIPAA’s Medical Records Privacy and Related State Laws
All health plan sponsors & providers must elect a privacy officer and each member of the privacy team is required under HIPAA regulations to receive privacy training. Updated for HITECH and ARRA’s Changes to HIPAA Privacy & Security, Final Regulations (effective 9-23-13) & COVID-19. Be prepared for HIPAA Privacy & Security On-Site and Desk Audits! Virtual training space is limited.
Take advantage of early-bird rates – Register by September 11, 2020!
California Life/Health Agent 4 Hours CE Credit Available
Are You Ready for Privacy Laws???
Federal Privacy Laws include HIPAA’s Medical Records Privacy and Gramm-Leach Bliley Act.  State laws and regulations include the Insurance Information and Privacy Protection Act, California Department of Insurance’s Regulations, Confidentiality of Medical Information Act, Confidentiality of Social Security Numbers, and a number of other acts and regulations that will play a substantial role in your human resources and managerial decision-making processes.  Now, updated for HITECH, created out of the American Recovery & Reinvestment Act of 2009, Final Regulations 2013 and COVID-19 HIPAA Provisions!
This is the most comprehensive Privacy Officer and Privacy Work Group training you will find!  Have you taken the steps necessary to comply?  Privacy training required by HIPAA – see 45 CFR  Sec. 164.530(a)(1)(i).*  Learn your level of compliance responsibilities!
All New Privacy & Security Training Content Created for Online Virtual Training with Zoom .  Attendees must have video and respond to instructor questions for a Training Certificate, as well as for Life/Health Agent CE.
*Note:  The Privacy Rule does not require attendance at any specific seminars.  We offer a convenient vehicle to fulfill training requirements through public seminars.
Download the Privacy Training flyer
Meet the Speakers
Dorothy M. Cociu, RHU, REBC, GBA, RPA – Biography | Consultant & Speaker Data
Ted Flittner, Principal, Aditi Group, Inc
Ted Mayeshiba, Principal, Aditi Group, Inc
Secure Online Registration