http://advancedexhibitmethods.com/privacy-policy/
Your privacy is important to us. It is Advanced Exhibit Methods' policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect from you across our website, http://www.advancedexhibitmethods.com/, and other sites we own and operate.
We only ask for personal information when we truly need it to provide a service to you. We collect it by fair and lawful means, with your knowledge and consent. We also let you know why we’re collecting it and how it will be used.
We only retain collected information for as long as necessary to provide you with your requested service. What data we store, we’ll protect within commercially acceptable means to prevent loss and theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We don’t share any personally identifying information publicly or with third-parties, except when required to by law.
Our website may link to external sites that are not operated by us. Please be aware that we have no control over the content and practices of these sites, and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy policies.
You are free to refuse our request for your personal information, with the understanding that we may be unable to provide you with some of your desired services.
Your continued use of our website will be regarded as acceptance of our practices around privacy and personal information. If you have any questions about how we handle user data and personal information, feel free to contact us.
This policy is effective as of 14 August 2020.
"I had the pleasure of working with Advanced Exhibit Methods for several years and couldn’t have been more impressed with their service and attention to detail. They consistently exceeded my expectations and were the primary reason why my client was able to successfully exhibit at more then 75 shows every year without a hitch. If you want a professional, experienced group to handle part or all of your trade show needs, I highly recommend Advanced Exhibit Methods."
Bill Schlosser, Owner, Dr. Brando
"Advanced Exhibit Methods has been supporting AECOM with our conference needs for over a decade. AEM is an one-stop shop when it comes to providing us a full range of services including but not limited to exhibit inventory/management, rentals, custom projects and production, etc. AECOM has developed great relationships with their employees and continue to receive nothing but the best customer service. When last minute exhibiting challenges and/or changes arise, AEM is always there to help find us the right solution!"
Brooke Sumner, Marketing Communications Coordinator, AECOM
"I love working with Advanced Exhibit Methods. Not only are their designs and materials top-notch, but they really take the time to work WITH you to ensure your brand is being represented in the best light, and that your budget is being used in the most efficient way possible. I completely trust them and that is rare!"
Kimberly Fuller, Director of Business Education Resources,
HRforhealth.com
"Can’t tell you how many times we heard what a gorgeous booth we have. As I was writing this email, someone walked up and complimented it again. Thanks for making me look good. You guys are the best!!!!!!!!!!!"
Courtney Sturniolo, Marketing Manager, Ascent Aerospace
"AEM is wonderful. They’ve come through with amazing customer service, great products and trade show solutions for well over 10 years. They are a vital piece in the AECOM national tradeshow program. Looking forward to many more years of partnering with them on projects – big, small and everything in between."
Dean Guttenplan, Marketing Communications Manager, AECOM
"We wanted to thank you for your incredible help during SCAA.
(The) booth was the cornerstone of our presentation, and solid as a rock.
It means a great deal to us that you were there to support us through our launch, ensuring that our hard work was framed in a light that reflects its amazing potential."
Eli Salomon, President and Director Ground Control / Voga Coffee
"We have been working with AEM for over 4 years now, and they don’t disappoint.... The crew are all not only so friendly, but very responsive and quick to get back to me with questions and requests. When we attend the shows, a crew member will always be nearby, to make sure we’re well taken care of. They also have many connections all over not only the country, but globe, which makes them very easy to work with. The quality of the booth always exceeds our expectations, and our booth-goers always have great things to say about it."
Tiffany Wang, Marketing and Events Specialist, OrthAlign
"AEM has supported our student team over several years. Such a fantastic team to work with and very professional and excellent quality of work that you really can't get anywhere else! AEM exceeded our expectations with multiple booth designs and their support played a major role in our team's achievement of the 'Best Booth Award' back in 2017! We could not be more pleased to have worked with AEM and look forward to working with them in the future!"
Adora Tadros, Outreach Coordinator, UCI HyperXite