https://advanceproductservices.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
quick enquiry
arrange a callback
Introduction
This document refers to personal data. This is defined as information concerning any living person (a natural person who hereafter will be called the Data Subject) that is not already in the public domain.
The Data Protection Act (DPA), Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations (PECR) and The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) which is EU wide and far more extensive, seek to protect and enhance the rights of data subjects. These rights cover the safeguarding of personal data, protection against the unlawful processing of personal data and the unrestricted movement of personal data within the EU. It should be noted that GDPR does not apply to information already in the public domain such as Companies House data.
Advance Product Services Ltd (APS) are pleased to provide the following GDPR information:
Who are we?
APS is an independent industrial electronics design and repair house, specialising in DC power supplies, rectifiers and static switches.
Personal data
APS uses the information collected from you to provide quotations, make telephone contact and to email you information you have requested and also promotional information which APS believes may be of interest to you and your business. In you making initial contact you consent to APS maintaining a marketing dialogue with you until you either opt out (which you can do at any stage) or we decide to desist in promoting our services.
Some personal data may be collected about you from the forms and surveys you complete, from records of our correspondence and phone calls and details of your visits to our website. APS may also collect statistics about the behaviour of visitors to its website.
APS’s website uses cookies, which is a string of information that a website stores onto the visitor’s computer. These cookies log the visitor’s browser each time they return. APS cookies to help APS identify and track visitors and their website access preferences. APS website visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using APS’s website.
Any information APS holds about you and your business encompasses all the details we hold about you and any sales transactions including any third-party information we have obtained about you from public sources and our own suppliers such as credit referencing agencies.
APS will only collect the information needed so that it can provide you with services, this business does not sell or broker your data.
Legal basis for processing any personal data
To meet APS’s contractual obligations to customers and to respond to sales enquiries.
Legitimate interests pursued by APS
To promote the services offered by APS.
Consent
Through agreeing to this privacy notice you are consenting to APS processing your personal data for the purposes outlined. You can withdraw consent at any time by emailing dpo@aps.eu.com or by phoning +44 (0) 1423 812980 or writing to us, see last section for full contact details.
Disclosure
APS may on occasions pass your Personal Information to third parties exclusively to process work on its behalf. APS requires these parties to agree to process this information based on our instructions and requirements consistent with this Privacy Notice and GDPR.
APS do not broker or pass on information gained from your engagement with the business without your consent. However, APS may disclose your Personal Information to meet legal obligations, regulations or valid governmental request. The business may also enforce its Terms and Conditions, including investigating potential violations of its Terms and Conditions to detect, prevent or mitigate fraud or security or technical issues; or to protect against imminent harm to the rights, property or safety of APS, its suppliers and/or the wider community.
Retention Policy
APS will process personal data during the duration of any contract and will continue to store only the personal data needed for seven years after the contract has expired to meet any legal obligations. After seven years, any personal data not needed will be deleted.
Data storage
Data is held in the United Kingdom on APS’s internal server with password protection. All data is backed up using APS’s cloud storage system which uses encrypted data transfer. This system is within the EU.
Your rights as a data subject
At any point whilst APS is in possession of or processing your personal data, all data subjects have the following rights:
Right of access – you have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you.
Right of rectification – you have a right to correct data that we hold about you that is inaccurate or incomplete.
Right to be forgotten – in certain circumstances you can ask for the data we hold about you to be erased from our records.
Right to restriction of processing – where certain conditions apply you have a right to restrict the processing.
Right of portability – you have the right to have the data we hold about you transferred to another organisation.
Right to object – you have the right to object to certain types of processing such as direct marketing.
Right to object to automated processing, including profiling – you also have the right not to be subject to the legal effects of
Automated processing or profiling.
In the event that APS refuses your request under rights of access, we will provide you with a reason as to why, which you have the right to legally challenge.
APS at your request can confirm what information it holds about you and how it is processed
To access what personal data is held
APS will accept the following forms of ID when information on your personal data is requested: a copy of your driving licence, passport, birth certificate and a utility bill not older than three months. A minimum of one piece of photographic ID listed above and a supporting document is required. If APS is dissatisfied with the quality, further information may be sought before personal data can be released.
All requests should be made to dpo@aps.eu.com or by phoning +44 (0) 1423 812980 or writing to us at the address further below.
Complaints
In the event that you wish to make a complaint about how your personal data is being processed by APS, you have the right to complain to Advance Product Services Ltd’s managing director. If you do not get a response within 30 days you can complain to the ICO.
The details for each of these contacts are:
Advance Product Services Ltd, attention of the Managing Director
Unit 30, Freemans Way, Harrogate Business Park, Harrogate, North Yorkshire, HG3 1DH
Telephone +44 (0) 1423 812980 or email dpo@aps.eu.com
ICO
Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, SK9 5AF
Telephone +44 (0) 303 123 1113 or email: https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/email/
Power Supply Repair & Replacement
Custom PSU Design & Consultancy
Electric Vehicle DC Rapid Charger Repair
Model search
Old Farnell PSU stock
How to order
Quick enquiry
We use cookies to offer you a better browsing experience, analyse site traffic, personalize content, and serve targeted advertisements. You can change your settings at any time. OK Cookie settingsPrivacy & Cookies
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Quick Enquiry
Advance Product Services Ltd explicitly promises never to share your details with any 3rd parties. All we ask is that you give permission for us to contact you on occasion regarding relevant news and updates. You can, of course, opt-out at any time.
Yes, I am happy to be kept informed about DC Power Supply news and updates.No, please do not send me any future correspondence.
I agree to Advance Product Services Ltd Privacy and Cookies Policy
×
arrange a callback
Advance Product Services Ltd explicitly promises never to share your details with any 3rd parties. All we ask is that you give permission for us to contact you on occasion regarding relevant news and updates. You can, of course, opt-out at any time.
Yes, I am happy to be kept informed about DC Power Supply news and updates.No, please do not send me any future correspondence.
I agree to Advance Product Services Ltd Privacy and Cookies Policy
×
Datasheet Download Form
The file will be delivered to the email specified
Advance Product Services Ltd explicitly promises never to share your details with any 3rd parties. All we ask in exchange for this datasheet is that you give permission for us to contact you on occasion regarding relevant news and updates. You can, of course, opt-out at any time.
Yes, I am happy to be kept informed about DC Power Supply news and updates.No, please do not send me any future correspondence.
I agree to Advance Product Services Ltd Privacy and Cookies Policy
×