https://advantagefund.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy | Advantage Funding
Contact Us
888-246-4091
Home
About Advantage Funding
Sales Team
Testimonials
Success Stories
Vehicle Financing
Commercial Transportation
Vocational Truck
Brokers
Become a Broker
Partnerships
Equipment For Sale
Inventory
Consignments
Wholesale/As Is Sales
Newsroom
In The News
Blog
News Releases
Media Contacts
Customer Service
Request Payoff
Request Interest Paid
Forms
Online Payments
FAQ
Careers
Select Page
Advantage Funding Commercial Capital Corp. Privacy Statement
Updated: August 1, 2015
General Information
This Privacy Statement explains what types of information Advantage Funding Commercial Capital Corp. and its affiliates (“Advantage Funding,” “we,” “our,” or “us”) or our service providers collect from or about visitors to, or users of, our websites or applications (“you”), and describes our practices for collecting, using, retaining, protecting, disclosing, and transferring such information.
Scope
This Privacy Statement applies to personal information and other information collected by Advantage Funding or our service providers from or about you (i) when you access Advantage Funding websites that display or link to this Privacy Statement; (ii) when you open and respond to our emails; or (iii) at other times listed in this Privacy Statement (including on the occasions listed in the section below entitled “What Personal and Other Information Does Advantage Funding Collect”). Unless otherwise specified, this Privacy Statement does not apply to any other products or services or to information collected in any other way (whether online or offline) or for any other purpose.
What Personal and Other Information Does Advantage Funding Collect?
Advantage Funding or our service providers collect personal information and other information from or about you when you:
order products or services,
submit an application for commercial credit or any related application,
provide documentation related to a pending application,
open an account or make transactions related to your account,
request information,
subscribe to marketing or support materials,
respond to promotional campaigns, or
register to a secure extranet site to obtain access to product information, support, services, or training.
For purposes of this Privacy Statement, “personal information” means information that can be used to personally identify you, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, other contact information, billing and transaction information, credit card or other financial information, contact preferences or government-issued identification numbers (like Social Security numbers), that are associated with you, and any other information that identifies or can reasonably be used to identify you.
We also might collect information that is related to you but that does not personally identify you, such as your computer’s or device’s operating system, browser, and information regarding your use of and activities on our websites or applications. See also the discussion below on cookies and other electronic tools used for the collection of such information.
How Does Advantage Funding Use Your Information?
Advantage Funding uses information that we collect from or about you, including any personal information:
to welcome you,
to help you complete a transaction or in order to deliver products or services requested by you,
to bill you for products or services you purchased,
to provide ongoing service and support, including event-related communications,
to carry out our obligations or enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us,
to notify you about changes to our websites or applications, or any products or services we offer or provide through them,
to improve our websites, applications, services, and products, including by developing data analytics and reports about your and others’ use of them,
to contact you to complete surveys that we use for marketing or quality assurance purposes,
to display tailored online advertisements that may interest you,
to email or otherwise send you marketing or other promotional information about Advantage Funding’s or others’ products or services that may interest you,
to combat fraud or any other criminal activity,
to fulfill any other purpose for which you provide the information,
in any other way we describe when you provide the information,
as otherwise required or permitted by law, and/or
for any other purpose with your consent.
To assist us with the uses described in this Privacy Statement, information we or our service providers have collected from or about you through Advantage Funding websites, applications, or our email communications with you, including about your use of such websites and applications, may be combined with or enhanced by other information from or about you that we have obtained from other online or offline sources, including from our service providers or
With Whom Does Advantage Funding Share Your Information?
We may disclose information that does not identify any individual (e.g., anonymous, aggregated data) without restriction.
Advantage Funding contracts with third-party service providers and suppliers (including distributors and resellers) to deliver certain products, services, and customer solutions. Examples of such services provided on our behalf are mail delivery, website hosting, transaction processing, processing payments, sending emails on our behalf, provide you with support via live chat software, and event planning. Advantage Funding shares your personal information with its service providers and suppliers to the extent necessary to deliver the product or service you requested, respond to your requests for information on products or services, or otherwise support your business needs. You will not have the opportunity to opt out of having your information shared with these third-party service providers and suppliers for these purposes, and they may contact you directly in connection with such purposes.
Third-party service providers and suppliers receiving personal information are expected to maintain privacy and security protections that are consistent with Advantage Funding’s privacy and information security policies. These companies are authorized to use your personal information only for the purposes for which it was originally intended or as required or permitted by law. However, unless otherwise dictated by law or agreement, Advantage Funding is not responsible for any improper use by such parties.
We may also disclose your personal information and other information, including across country borders:
to our subsidiaries, affiliates, and worldwide offices,
to third parties for their own use, such as to provide you with special offers,
to comply with the law or in response to a subpoena, court order, law enforcement or government request, or other legal process,
to produce relevant documents or information in connection with litigation, arbitration, mediation, adjudication, government or internal investigations, or other legal or administrative proceedings,
if Advantage Funding determines in its good faith judgment that such disclosure is necessary to provide its services or to protect the rights, interests, safety, or property of its business, employees, suppliers, customers, or others,
in connection with any proposed or actual sale or other transfer of some or all assets of Advantage Funding, and/or any proposed or actual sale or merger of Advantage Funding or any division of Advantage Funding,
to enforce the terms of any agreement with Advantage Funding,
to combat fraud or other criminal activity,
for any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information,
as otherwise required or permitted by law, and/or
with your consent.
Unless permitted by relevant laws, Advantage Funding will not share, sell, trade, or lease your personal information to or with third parties, except as provided for in this Privacy Statement.
Your Marketing Choices, Right to Access Your Personal Information, and Our Retention of Your Personal Information
Your Marketing Choices. Your decision to provide the personal information that we request from time to time is voluntary. However, if you do not provide the personal information requested, you may not be able to proceed with the activity or receive the benefit for which the personal information is being requested.
You can unsubscribe or choose not to receive promotional materials from Advantage Funding (or from specific divisions or subsidiaries) by following the specific instructions in the email or other communication you receive or by notifying us via the appropriate method(s) described below depending on which website or service is at issue. It may take a reasonable period of time to process your request, but no longer than 30 days for direct mail and telephone promotions and 10 business days for email or text promotions. In countries where Advantage Funding is required to do so by law, Advantage Funding will offer you the opportunity to provide your opt-in consent before promotional materials are sent, or promotional calls are made, to you. This will not apply to service communications that are considered part of certain Advantage Funding services, which you may receive periodically unless you cancel the applicable service. To opt out of receiving marketing emails from a third-party partner, please follow the unsubscribe instructions in the email or other communication you receive from the partner or contact the partner directly. To opt out of having Advantage Funding share your personal information with a third-party partner for their own marketing use, please contact us at info@advantagefunding.us.
Your Access to Your Personal Information. Advantage Funding strives to keep your personal information accurate. We have implemented technology, management processes, and policies to maintain data integrity. We will provide you with reasonable access to your personal information in accordance with relevant laws, including by making reasonable efforts to provide you with online access and the opportunity to update your information. To protect your privacy and security, we will take steps to verify your identity before granting access or making changes to your personal information. To request access to, or correction, deletion, or removal of, your personal information, follow the applicable instructions below depending on which website or service is at issue. While we will make reasonable efforts to accommodate your request, we also reserve the right to reject such access requests or to impose certain restrictions and requirements on such requests, if required or permitted by applicable law. We will respond to requests for access within 30 days.
Our Retention of Your Information. We will retain your personal information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account, or request that we no longer use your personal information to provide you services, contact us via the applicable information provided below. Even after we cancel your account or cease using your personal information to provide you services, we may still retain, use, and disclose your information as necessary to comply with our legal, regulatory, ethical, or document retention obligations, and any request to delete your personal information is subject to these obligations and restrictions.
Transfer of Your Information to Other Countries
In accordance with applicable law, personal information and other information covered by this Privacy Statement may be transferred to, and processed and stored in, the United States or any other country in which Advantage Funding or its affiliates, subsidiaries, service providers, business partners, or customers maintain facilities. By submitting your personal information to Advantage Funding, you consent to such transfers and to the worldwide processing of your personal information.
Links to Non-Advantage Funding Websites and Third Parties
Advantage Funding’s websites may provide links to third-party websites for your convenience and information. If you access those links, you will leave the Advantage Funding website. Advantage Funding does not control these third-party websites or their privacy practices, which may differ from Advantage Funding’s. We do not endorse or make any representations about third-party websites. The personal information you choose to provide to unrelated third parties is not covered by the Advantage Funding Privacy Statement. We encourage you to review the privacy statement of any entity before submitting your personal information.
Security of Your Personal Information
Advantage Funding has implemented reasonable administrative, technical, and physical measures designed to protect your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, disclosure, use, alteration, or destruction. If a password is used to help protect your accounts and personal information, it is your responsibility to keep your password confidential. Please also be careful to avoid “phishing” scams, where someone may send you an email that looks like it is from Advantage Funding asking for your personal information. Advantage Funding will not request your personal information through email. If you have questions regarding our security, you can contact us via info@advantagefunding.us.
Children Under the Age of 13
Advantage Funding websites and applications are not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any personal information to or on our websites or applications. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on this website or application, or on or through any of its features, register on the website or application, make any purchases through the website or application, use any of the interactive or public comment features of this website or application, or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or user name you may use.
Questions About and Enforcement of this Privacy Statement
If you have questions regarding this Privacy Statement, please first contact us by making a written submission to Advantage Funding by email to info@advantagefunding.us or by mail to Advantage Funding, 1111 Marcus Avenue Suite M27 Lake Success NY 11042.
Changes to this Privacy Statement
Advantage Funding will review and update this Privacy Statement periodically, and will note the date of its most recent revision above. If we make material changes to this Privacy Statement, we will notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes prior to implementing the changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this Privacy Statement frequently to be informed of how Advantage Funding is collecting, using, retaining, protecting, disclosing, and transferring your information.
Recent Posts
Sterling Bancorp to Acquire Macquarie’s Advantage Funding Management
Equipment Financing Tips for Seasonal Slowdowns
Finding Joy by Giving Joy
Finance Equipment by Dec. 31 for Major Tax Savings
Categories
Blog
In The News
News Releases
Success Stories
What Our Customers Say
"The employees at Advantage were a breath of fresh air- hard-working humble guys like me that wanted to do right by their customers and make a fair profit doing it. Their processes are straight-forward and simple, and everyone on the staff is great to work with. I highly recommend Advantage Funding."
Nick Markosian,
APG Financial, Inc., Taylorsville, UT
Member of:
Advantage Funding 1 Marcus Ave
Lake Success, NY 11042
888-246-4091
Search for:
Employee Login
Join Our Mailing List
Thanks for signing up!
Email Address
First Name
Last Name
Sign Up
Latest Pre-Owned Inventory Lineup
2009 Van Hool C2045
2008 MCI D4505
2017 Kenworth T680 Tractor - 3 Available
2008 MCI J4500
2016 Startrans Senator Shuttle Bus
Recent Success Stories TLC Truck & Equipment Customers Get Creative Solutions through Advantage FundingMatheny Motors Strengthens Customer Trust through Advantage FundingAdvantage Funding Helps Pennsylvania Tow Company “Bulk Up”
Home
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2020 Advantage Funding