http://adventuresport.co.uk/privacy-policy
Select an Activity
4x4 Off Road Driving, Warwick
Archery One Hour Sessions
Axe Throwing
Christmas Packages 2019
Clay Shooting
Corporate Events
Experience Days and Activity Day Gift Experiences
Hovercraft Experience
Jaguar Land Rover Employee Learning Scheme (ELS)
Junior Paintball
Karting
Meetings at Adventure Sports
Mixed Activity
Off Road & Targets
Paintball, Warwick
Quad Bike Trekking
Segways
Teambuilding
Treasure Hunts
Triple Target
Wedgnock Activity Centre
Instant advice
Free online advice…
11
Fri
Dec
Adventure Sports Ltd. Warwick
Tel. 01926 491 948
Corporate
Team Building
Gift Vouchers
Adventure Advice  |  Mixed Day Quote  |  Purchase a Voucher
Home
Blog
Our Team
Location
Contact
Privacy Notice
Your Adventure
Already made a booking?Fetch your adventure details by entering your booking reference below:
Reference:
Site Navigation
HomepageBook OnlineOur Blog4x4
4x4 Off Road Safari
4x4 Driving Terms & Conditions
4x4 Experience Gift Voucher
Archery
Archery Terms & Conditions
Axe Throwing
Axe Throwing Terms & Conditions
Clay Pigeon Shooting
Wedgnock Shooting Ground
Clay Shooting Lessons
Clay Shooting for Groups and Corporate Events
Clay Shooting Terms & Conditions
Clay Pigeon Shooting Experience Voucher
Corporate Events
Challenge and Champion - Full Day Teambuilding Events in Warwickshire
Tradition & Targets: Country Pursuits (Full-Day)
Speed and Safari - Adrenalin Driving (Full-Day)
Tradition & Targets: Country Pursuits (Half-Day)
Speed & Safari: Adrenalin Driving (Half-Day)
Challenge & Champion: Team-Building (Half-Day)
Corporate Events Midlands
How to Organise a Corporate Event
Ready Made Corporate Activity Packages
Gift Experience Vouchers
Black Friday Voucher Special
Hovercraft
Hovercraft Terms and Conditions
Karting
Junior Karting Terms & Conditions
Junior Karting Party
Karting Booking Advice and Requirements
MeetingsMixed Activities
Catering Options
Mixed Activity Format & Costs
Off Road & TargetsPaintball
Original Paintball
Paintball Clothing Advice
Paintball Tactics, Advice and Tricks
Junior Paintball
Compact Paintball
Pistol & Rifle ShootingQuad Bike Trekking
Quad Bike Trekking Terms & Conditions
Quad Bike Trekking Experience Gift Voucher
Segways
Segway Terms & Conditions
Team Building
Team Working
Team-Building Venue Warwickshire
Rise and Shine Half-Day Team Building Event
Lead and Succeed Half-Day Teambuilding
Team Bonding Events in Warwickshire
Team Development Events
Treasure Hunts
Treasure Hunt Terms and Conditions
Triple TargetContact Us
Activity Suggestions
Group Size:
Budget:
Share This Page
Connect With Us
Follow us, or connect with us, via the social media channels below to get your hands on exclusive offers, photos, videos and more!
Join Adventure Sports On:
Twitter
Facebook
YouTube
This privacy notice sets out how Adventure Sports (Warwickshire) Ltd. (Adventure Sports) uses and protects any information that you give to us when you use this website.
Adventure Sports is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Adventure Sports may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 9th May 2018.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
Your name
Email address and telephone number
Information relevant to customer interest in Adventure Sports
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Send you details about the activity / event that you have asked about
Send you a booking confirmation email
Payment confirmation details
Cookies
We do use Google Analytics cookies to anonymously collect website usage data from visitors. It is impossible
to identify an individual with the data collected, and we simply use it to
improve the customer experience of the site. For full details about Google Analytics cookies have a look at Google's technical page (http://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html)
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we are required by law to do so.
Personal data is kept for seven years to comply with legal and insurance requirements. After seven years any data held (electronically or paper versions) will be deleted or destroyed.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998 (DPA) and the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to:
Adventure Sports Ltd., Wedgnock Rifle Range, Wedgnock Lane, Warwick, CV35 7PX.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
You also have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner's Office if you are not happy with how Adventure Sports handles your data.
Legal Disclaimer
Adventure Sports has taken every reasonable step
to ensure the content of these webpages is fully accurate and correct in
every detail however it does not warrant or make any other
representation as to the content, extent or completeness of the
information, text, graphics, links or other items contained in this
website. All information and content found on this website is provided
without any warranties, either express or implied, including, but not
limited to, warranties of title, non-infringement or implied warranties,
other than those warranties which are incapable of exclusion,
restriction or modification under applicable law.
At no stage shall Adventure Sports Ltd. be liable for
any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special or consequential
damages that result from the use of, or inability to use, this website
or from information provided by the website.
This limitation applies whether the alleged liability is based on
contract, tort, negligence, strict liability or any other basis, even if
we have been advised of the possibility of such damage. Because some
jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or
consequential damages, our liability in such jurisdictions shall be
limited to the extent permitted by law.
You may not reproduce any of the materials contained on this website
in any format without prior consent. If you wish to use any of the
materials on this website for republication in any format you must first
apply in writing to:
Adventure Sports (Warwickshire) Ltd. Wedgnock Rifle RangeWedgnock Lane Warwick Warwickshire, CV35 7PX
Some Of Our Activities
Meetings at Adventure Sports
Mixed Activity
Treasure Hunts
Quad Bike Trekking
Jaguar Land Rover Employee Learning Scheme (ELS)
@AdSportsWarwick on Twitter
Fetching tweet…
@AdSportsWarwick
Adventure Sports (Warwickshire) Ltd.
Wedgnock Lane, Warwick
Warwickshire, UK, CV35 7PX
Tel. 01926 491 948
Email: Javascript Required
Company Registration No. 2119582 ENGLAND
Privacy | Sitemap | Website by Andy Lockett