https://advguide.com/privacy
COVID 19:
we've made several changes to the store to ensure the health and safety of our customers and staff. learn more
Adventure Guide
About the Store
Shop Online
Gear Spotlight
Brands
Rewards
Gift Cards
Hours and Contact
Email List
COVID
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Instagram
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on this website. On some pages, you may be able to order products, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are: Name, Address, Email address, Phone number.
The Way We Use Information
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
Information you submit on our website will not be used for this purpose unless you fill out the registration form.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and to share with advertisers. For example, we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our registration form, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by contacting us directly. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information. You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
How to Contact Us
More information on how to contact us is available on our Contact Us page.
Cookies
To improve your experience on our site, we may use cookies to remember your preferences. Cookies are an industry standard and most major websites use them. You may refuse cookies in your browser’s settings but this may affect performance of this website.
Website Analytics
Our website uses Google Analytics, a service which transmits website traffic data to Google servers. Google Analytics does not identify individual users or associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. We use reports provided by Google Analytics to help us understand website traffic and webpage usage. If you would like to opt out of Google Analytics, click this link for instructions: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
We also use Google Analytics to implement a specific feature called remarketing. Remarketing is a feature that allows us to optimize the delivery of ad content specifically targeted to a visitor’s interests based upon previous visits to our site. If you would like to opt-out of Google Analytics for display advertising, you may do so by using the Google Ads Preferences Manager here: https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated
Site map
Privacy Policy
AODA Policy
Copyright Adventure Guide, 2020
Website by That's Clever! Advertising Design