https://advitechgroup.com.au/privacy-policy/
(02) 4924 5400
Privacy PolicyHome
Privacy Policy
The Advitech Group Privacy Policy
Commitment to the Australian Privacy Principles (APP) and Privacy Act 1988.
Version: 15 Nov 2019, Revision 6 (Final)
Context: Prepared by The Advitech Group and applicable to Advitech, Novecom, Hushpak Engineering, Acubis Technologies, Simulation Modelling Services.
1. INTRODUCTION
The Advitech Group is committed to the Australian Privacy Principles and the requirements of the Privacy Act 1988.
2. PURPOSE
The Advitech Group Privacy Policy describes how each company within The Advitech Group (the Group) manages privacy within the organisation to protect personal information. This policy addresses the obligations specified by the Australian Privacy Principles (APP) within the Privacy Act 1988, as amended by the Privacy Amendment (Enhancing Privacy Protection) Act 2012 and the Privacy Amendment (Notifiable Data Breaches) Act 2017.
3. COLLECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
3.1 General Information
The Group’s businesses only collect minimal personal information. The information we do collect is limited to customer contact details, and any information provided voluntarily by job applicants. This information is collected directly from the individual through received emails, letters, business cards, job applications and online enquiry forms accessed via company websites.
Each company may hold some of the following personal information:
Name
Company name
Position within company
Business address and contact details
Private address and contact details
Qualifications
Information provided in curriculum vitae, e.g. employment history, referee contact details
Information collected for ongoing employment purposes is addressed in the separate document The Advitech Group Privacy Policy for Employees.
3.2 Website Usage Information
We analyse usage of our company websites for the following purposes:
To evaluate the effectiveness of our websites
To determine the level of awareness the public and clients have of our Group
To understand the experience of visitors to our websites
To inform future improvements to our website structure and content
To inform Group marketing campaigns
Analysis of our websites relies on the use of cookies, including Google Analytics session cookies, to provide meaningful reports about site visitors. Cookies do not collect personal information about website visitors. They are not used by us to identify individual visitors or send them targeted advertising. Some examples of the information they collect are provided below:
Count of visitors to our websites and the specific pages they visit
Analysis of geographical locations of visitors to our websites
Tracking of the number of times a visitor has been to a site, and time of their first and last visit
Timestamps of the exact moment when a visitor enters a site
4. USE AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION
We only collect and use personal information to adequately provide services requested by customers, promote our services, assess the suitability of job applicants, or analyse website usage. Any information collected will not be used or disclosed for any purpose other than:
the primary purpose for which the information was collected;
any secondary related purpose for which you would reasonably expect use or disclosure;
where the individual has consented to such disclosure; or
where the Australian Privacy Principles authorise use or disclosure.
If we wish to use personal information for any other purpose, we would seek individual consent.
We will not disclose personal information to overseas recipients or sell personal information to others.
5. STORAGE OF INFORMATION
We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information that we store is accurate, complete and up-to-date. We will protect the security of personal information that we hold, including hardcopy and electronic material. All personal information we collect is stored securely at the relevant company’s premises, and electronic information is stored on a secure computer network. The Group restricts access to personal information to those staff members who need to know the information for the purposes set out in Section 4.
6. ACCESS TO PERSONAL INFORMATION
We will provide individuals with reasonable opportunity to access their personal information, on request. Individuals may subsequently request that their information be updated or deleted. All requests for access to personal information should be directed to our Privacy Officer as per the contact details provided below. We will respond to the request within a reasonable time period.
7. DATA BREACHES
In the unlikely event of a data breach, that is, unauthorised access to or disclosure of personal information or loss of personal information, The Advitech Group will respond in accordance with its Data Breach Response Plan (DBRP), which forms part of the Group’s Cyber Security Policy. It was developed in accordance with guidelines provided by the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC). The DBRP defines responsibilities for data breach investigations and outlines the process for containing the breach, assessing the risks for individuals associated with the breach, investigating the cause(s) and extent of the breach, notifying relevant parties and implementing strategies to prevent future incidents. Any response to a data breach, including notifications, will comply with the requirements of the Privacy Amendment (Notifiable Data Breaches) Act 2017.
8. COMPLAINTS
If you have any concerns about our privacy practices or wish to make a complaint about how your personal information is managed, please contact Advitech Group’s Privacy Officer. We will endeavour to resolve any issues to your satisfaction, however if we are unable to do so, you can contact the Privacy Commissioner who may investigate further.
9. PRIVACY OFFICER
Sarah King, Group Executive
The Advitech Group
7 Riverside Drive, Mayfield West NSW 2304
PO Box 207, Mayfield NSW 2304
Telephone: 02 4924 5400
Email: mail@advitech.com.au