https://aegis-elec.com/corporate-policies/
Available Monday - Friday 8:00am - 4:30pm MST
Aegis offers unmatched technical support from the industry's best minds.
Meet the Team
Home
Corporate Policies
Corporate Policies
To obtain credit prior to ordering please complete this Credit Agreement and fax back to us.Go here to find current the fax # and other contact info.
Our Privacy Policy:
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to the http://www.aegis-elec.com and Aegis Electronic Group, Inc. and governs data collection and usage.
More information can be found on the Aegis Privacy Policy Page.
Our Return Policy:
We have a 30-day return policy. If you are unhappy with any product you receive, you may return it, undamaged and unopened, within 30 days of the date we shipped it and we will refund your purchase price. We encourage our customers to inspect the contents of their package(s) as soon as their order is delivered to ensure that you have plenty of time to take advantage of our 30-day refund policy.....
More information can be found on the Aegis Return Policy here
National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) Compliance from Aegis Electronic Group, Inc.The 2019 National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) was signed into law on August 13, 2018 and implemented on August 13, 2019. More information can be found on the Aegis NDAA Compliance Page here
U.S Export Compliance:
The sale, export and re-export of Aegis Electronic Group, Inc. (Aegis) products, technology, software and/or any other items deemed an export by the U.S. Government are subject to the laws and regulations of the United States. Diversion contrary to U.S. law is strictly prohibited.
More information can be found on the Aegis Export Compliance Page.
Our Terms & Conditions:
Terms and Conditions for Purchase Order Acceptance, Packing and Shipment, Payment Terms, Identification, Risk of Loss & Destruction of Goods, Warranties, Quality Management, Inspection and Acceptance, Subcontracting, Diminishing Manufacturing Sources & Material Shortages, Changes, Insurance, Indemnity, Confidentiality / Export, Termination, Remedies, Disputes, Aegis’s Property, Records and Audit, Force Majeure, Severability, Limitation of Liability, Assignment; Waiver, Nonexclusive Agreement, Notices, Survival of Obligations, Governing Law, Entire Agreement; Modification, Compliance with Laws, Compliance with Government Flow-down Clauses (FARs and DFARs), Suspension of Work, Publicity & more.
More information can be found on the Aegis Terms & Conditions Page.