https://aeilaundry.com/privacy-policy
CORONAVIRUS (COVID-19): ADVANTAGE EQUIPMENT, INC. TO REMAIN OPEN AS ESSENTIAL BUSINESS – CALL FOR PARTS, SERVICE & EQUIPMENT
0 Items
Privacy Policy
Access to our web site does not require disclosure of personal information. However, there are some sections of our site that allow visitors access to certain company-specific information and materials. Advantage Equipment asks that visitors to these sections of the site voluntarily and knowingly fill out a registration form before viewing or downloading information from this section. The registration form requires you to provide us with personal information, such as your address, telephone number, e-mail address, and the like.
Any personal information collected by Advantage Equipment on this website is collected to allow us to tailor our website to better meet our visitors needs. For instance, we may on a one time basis, use this information for the purpose of providing additional product information and/or services for the products and services that you inquired about. Advantage Equipment will never sell, share, or give your personal information to any third party outside of Advantage Equipment.
Cookies
Like many companies, we sometimes use cookie technology on our web site to obtain non-personal information from online visitors. A cookie is a small text file that a web site can place on your computer’s hard drive in order, for example, to collect information about your activities on the site or to determine whether you are a new or repeat visitor to the site. The cookie transmits this information back to the web site’s computer, which generally speaking, is the only computer that can read it. The cookie does not obtain any personal information about you or provide any way to contact you. Most consumers do not know that cookies are being placed on their computer when they visit web sites. If you want to know when this happens, or to prevent it from happening, you can set your browser to warn you when a web site attempts to place a cookie on your computer. You can also set your browser to reject cookies. You will still be able to visit our web site after setting your browser to reject cookies, but your browsing capabilities may be somewhat affected.
Children
Advantage Equipment does not knowingly or intentionally collect personal information from children under 13 years of age. Advantage Equipment will not retain any communication we receive that is identified as being from a child under 13 years of age. If you are under the age of 13 and would like to register at this web site, please ask a parent or guardian for assistance.
Usage Agreement
We also ask that you review the terms of our Usage Agreement.
Questions or Comments
Please contact Advantage Equipment via e-mail at info@ericv1.sg-host.com or telephone at (888) 676-5079 with questions or comments regarding this Privacy Statement. You may also write us at:
Advantage Equipment
1660 Scenic Way
Akron, Ohio 44310
Usage Agreement
This Usage Agreement applies to the Advantage Equipment web site. The web site’s content is intended for informational purposes to customers, partners and the general public. By using any part of this web site you agree to abide by the terms and conditions set forth in this Usage Agreement.
Intellectual Property
Advantage Equipment allows visitors to view and download information and materials to promote the sale and marketing of our laundry products and services. This web site and the information contained herein is copyrighted, and protected by patent and trademark law. This information may not be altered, modified or copied. Advantage Equipment does not grant any express or implied right to you under any patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets or other intellectual property laws.
No Warranties or Representations
Advantage Equipment makes no warranties or representations as to its accuracy or completeness of information available on this web site. Advantage Equipment will not be liable for any damages resulting from your reliance on this information, including any direct, indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages. Advantage Equipment reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to correct any errors or omissions in this web site and may make changes to this site without notice.
Links
This web site contains links to other web sites that are not operated by Advantage Equipment. If you choose to click on these links, you will leave this web site. Advantage Equipment does not endorse and makes no warranty or representations regarding any linked web sites and/or the information, products, or services contained therein. Furthermore, these links do not signify affiliation or authorization to use any trade names, trademarks, logos or copyrighted symbols displayed in or accessible through these links or that any linked site is authorized to use any trade names, trademarks, logos or copyright symbol of Advantage Equipment.
Access
Advantage Equipment will not be liable for any damages that are related to the use of or in the inability to access the content of this site or any linked third party site, even if Advantage Equipment is advised of the possibility of such damages. Advantage Equipment may change, suspend or discontinue or terminate any portions, sections, or functions of this site without prior notice.
Information Provided By You
You agree that any non-personal information that you provided to Advantage Equipment will not be considered confidential or proprietary. Providing such information grants Advantage Equipment unrestricted ability to use, display, reproduce, transmit and distribute such information and materials and is free to use any ideas, concepts or know-how for any purpose. In addition, you shall not provide information that is defamatory, threatening, obscene, harassing, or otherwise unlawful, or that incorporates the proprietary information of another. Private information provided by you is governed by our Privacy Statement.
Enforcement
This site is provided and managed by Advantage Equipment from its office in the state of Ohio and this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the state of Ohio. If any court finds any part of this Agreement to be unenforceable for any reason, that portion shall be enforced to the maximum extent so as to affect the intent of the Agreement, and the balance of the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. If this site is accessed from outside the United States, you shall comply with any applicable local, federal, or international laws.
Changes
Advantage Equipment reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change any portion of this web site at any time without prior notice. These changes are effective upon posting. Your continued use of the site after any changes are posted will be considered acceptance of those changes.
1056 Home Avenue | Akron, OH 44310 | 888.676.5079 © 2020 Advantage Equipment | Privacy Policy
REQUEST QUOTE
FollowFollowFollowFollow