https://aerotest.com/privacy-policy/
Toggle navigation
MENU
Home
Products
Services
Quality
Clients
Contact
News
Home
Products
Services
Quality
Clients
Contact
News
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Aerotest use the information we collect about you and the procedures that we have in place to safeguard your privacy.
Aerotest is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Information you provide while visiting this site will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Aerotest may hold various pieces of personal information relating to you, such as your email or house address, your telephone number, or records of the services we’ve performed for you in the past.
These principles apply to personally identifying information we ask for and that you provide. By this we mean information that individually identifies you, such as your name, physical address, e-mail address or other contact details.
Cookies
1.1 Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some features or services on our sites may not function properly without cookies.
1.2 A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
1.3 We use cookies to collect statistical information about the number of people accessing our site, the day and time of each visit and refer to the pages you have accessed if you have followed a link from another website to reach this site. This information is used to monitor our effectiveness in promoting the site, and to monitor the site’s usefulness.
Cookies used by our service providers
1.4 Our service providers use cookies and those cookies may be stored on your computer when you visit our website.
1.5 We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of our website. Google Analytics gathers information about website use by means of cookies. The information gathered relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of our website. Google’s privacy policy is available at: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/. The relevant cookies are: Google Analytics and Social Pug.
What we collect
2.1 Browsing of our web sites and most other services do not require any personally identifying information.
2.2 Aerotest may collect limited non-personally identifying information your browser makes available whenever you visit our website. This log information includes your internet protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your query and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser. We use this information to better understand users’ behaviour and to further improve our offerings.
2.3 When we require personally identifying information, we will inform you about the types of information we collect and how we use it. We hope this will help you make an informed decision about sharing your personal information with us. It is then up to you to decide if you want to provide the information or not.
2.4 Personally identifiable information is only collected on our website if you choose to complete one of the online response forms on the site. Information that will include but not be limited to: Contact name, phone number, email address, and other information that relates to your business activities.
2.5 If you choose not to complete the information in the online response form we will not be able to provide you with the service you wish to request. You can contact us by other means such as phone if you wish to talk to an advisor about your business needs.
How we use your information
3.1 In this Section we have set out:
(a) the general categories of personal data that we may process;
(b) [in the case of personal data that we did not obtain directly from you, the source and specific categories of that data];
(c) the purposes for which we may process personal data; and
(d) the legal bases of the processing.
3.2 We may process data about your use of our website and services (“usage data”). The usage data may include your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths, as well as information about the timing, frequency and pattern of your service use. The source of the usage data is [our analytics tracking system]. This usage data may be processed [for the purposes of analysing the use of the website and services]. The legal basis for this processing is legitimate interests, namely monitoring and improving our website and services.
3.3 We may process your account data] (“account data”). The account data may include your name and email address. The source of the account data is you. The account data may be processed [for the purposes of operating our website, providing our services, ensuring the security of our website and services, maintaining back-ups of our databases and communicating with you. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business OR the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract.
3.4 We may process your information included in your personal profile on our website (“profile data”). The profile data may include your name, address, telephone number, email address, profile pictures, gender, date of birth. The profile data may be processed for the purposes of enabling and monitoring your use of our website and services. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business OR the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at you request, to enter into such a contract.
3.5 We may process your personal data that are provided in the course of the use of our services (“service data”). The source of the service data is you. The service data may be processed for the purposes of operating our website, providing our services, ensuring the security of our website and services, maintaining back-ups of our databases and communicating with you. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business OR the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract.
3.6 We may process information that you post for publication on our website or through our services (“publication data”). The publication data may be processed for the purposes of enabling such publication and administering our website and services. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business OR the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract.
3.7 We may process information contained in any enquiry you submit to us regarding goods and/or services (“enquiry data”). The enquiry data may be processed for the purposes of offering, marketing and selling relevant goods and/or services to you. The legal basis for this processing is within our own legitimate interests.
3.8 We may process information relating to our customer relationships, including customer contact information (“customer relationship data”). The customer relationship data may include your name, your employer, your job title or role, your contact details, and information contained in communications between us and you or your employer. The source of the customer relationship data is you or your employer. The customer relationship data may be processed for the purposes of managing our relationships with customers, communicating with customers, keeping records of those communications and promoting our products and services to customers. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper management of our customer relationships.
3.9 We may process information relating to transactions, including purchases of goods and services, that you enter into with us and/or through our website (“transaction data”). The transaction data may include your contact details, your card details and the transaction details. The transaction data may be processed for the purpose of supplying the purchased goods and services and keeping proper records of those transactions. The legal basis for this processing is the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract and our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business.
3.10 We may process information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our email notifications and/or newsletters (“notification data”). The notification data may be processed for the purposes of sending you the relevant notifications and/or newsletters. The legal basis for this processing is the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract.
3.11 We may process information contained in or relating to any communication that you send to us (“correspondence data”). The correspondence data may include the communication content and metadata associated with the communication. Our website will generate the metadata associated with communications made using the website contact forms. The correspondence data may be processed for the purposes of communicating with you and record-keeping. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business and communications with users.
3.12 We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the protection and assertion of our legal rights, your legal rights and the legal rights of others.
3.13 We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, or obtaining professional advice. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper protection of our business against risks.
3.14 In addition to the specific purposes for which we may process your personal data set out in this Section 3, we may also process any of your personal data where such processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
3.15 Please do not supply any other person’s personal data to us, unless we prompt you to do so.
Providing your personal data to others
4.1 We may disclose your personal data to any member of our group of companies (this means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and all its subsidiaries) insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes, and on the legal bases, set out in this policy.
4.2 We may disclose your personal data to our insurers and/or professional advisers insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, obtaining professional advice, or the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
4.3 Financial transactions relating to our website and services are OR may be handled by our payment services providers. We will share transaction data with our payment services providers only to the extent necessary for the purposes of processing your payments, refunding such payments and dealing with complaints and queries relating to such payments and refunds.
4.4 In addition to the specific disclosures of personal data set out in this Section 2, we may disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person. We may also disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
Delivery partners and third parties
5.1 Aerotest will not sell your information or disclose it to any other third party without your permission.
Retaining and deleting personal data
This Section sets out our data retention policies and procedure, which are designed to help ensure that we comply with our legal obligations in relation to the retention and deletion of personal data.
6.1 Personal data that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.
6.2 We will retain your personal data as follows:
(a) Personal data category or categories will be retained for a minimum period of [period] following [date], and for a maximum period of [period] following [date].
6.3 In some cases it is not possible for us to specify in advance the periods for which your personal data will be retained. In such cases, we will determine the period of retention based on the following criteria:
(a) The period of retention of personal data categor will be determined based on its purpose.
6.4 Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section, we may retain your personal data where such retention is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
Your Rights
7.1 In this Section, we have summarised the rights that you have under data protection law. Some of the rights are complex, and not all of the details have been included in our summaries. Accordingly, you should read the relevant laws and guidance from the regulatory authorities for a full explanation of these rights.
7.2 Your principal rights under data protection law are:
(a) The right to access;
(b) The right to rectification;
(c) The right to erasure;
(d) The right to restrict processing;
(e) The right to object to processing;
(f) The right to data portability;
(g) The right to complain to a supervisory authority; and
(h) The right to withdraw consent.
7.3 You have the right to confirmation as to whether or not we process your personal data and, where we do, access to the personal data, together with certain additional information. That additional information includes details of the purposes of the processing, the categories of personal data concerned and the recipients of the personal data. Providing the rights and freedoms of others are not affected, we will supply to you a copy of your personal data. The first copy will be provided at a charge of £10. You can access your personal data by emailing us at info@aerotest.com
7.4 You have the right to have any inaccurate personal data about you rectified and, taking into account the purposes of the processing, to have any incomplete personal data about you completed.
7.5 In some circumstances you have the right to the erasure of your personal data without undue delay. Those circumstances include: the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed; you withdraw consent to consent-based processing; you object to the processing under certain rules of applicable data protection law; the processing is for direct marketing purposes; and the personal data have been unlawfully processed. However, there are exclusions of the right to erasure. The general exclusions include where processing is necessary: for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information; for compliance with a legal obligation; or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
7.6 In some circumstances you have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data. Those circumstances are: you contest the accuracy of the personal data; processing is unlawful but you oppose erasure; we no longer need the personal data for the purposes of our processing, but you require personal data for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; and you have objected to processing, pending the verification of that objection. Where processing has been restricted on this basis, we may continue to store your personal data. However, we will only otherwise process it: with your consent; for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person; or for reasons of important public interest.
7.7 You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation, but only to the extent that the legal basis for the processing is that the processing is necessary for: the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of any official authority vested in us; or the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party. If you make such an objection, we will cease to process the personal information unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing is for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
7.8 You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes (including profiling for direct marketing purposes). If you make such an objection, we will cease to process your personal data for this purpose.
7.9 You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes on grounds relating to your particular situation, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.
7.10 To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal data is:
(a) Consent; or
(b) That the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are party or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract,
And such processing is carried out by automated means, you have the right to receive your personal data from us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. However, this right does not apply where it would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
7.11 If you consider that our processing of your personal information infringes data protection laws, you have a legal right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority responsible for data protection. You may do so in the EU member state of your habitual residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged infringement.
7.12 To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal information is consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. Withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of processing before the withdrawal.
7.13 You may exercise any of your rights in relation to your personal data by written notice to us.
If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to:
Aerotest House
Unit 5 Sovereign Park
Cleveland Way
Maylands Avenue Industrial Estate
Hemel Hempstead
Hertfordshire
England
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to us or fill out our contact form as soon as possible. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Direct marketing
8.1 Aerotest may wish to send you information about our products and services that are relevant to you and your business needs. We will always ask you for your consent and any information we send you will offer you the option of opting out of receiving further information. You may also email us with the subject line ‘opt out of direct marketing’ if you wish to opt-out of receiving marketing messages or write to us at the address found in this privacy policy.
Security
9.1 We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place relevant physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Links to other websites
10.1 Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over other websites and their content. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Our Details
11.1 This website is owned and operated by AEROTEST LIMITED.
11.2 We are registered in England and Wales under registration number 02540429, and our registered office is at 5 Sovereign Park Cleveland Way, Maylands Avenue Industrial Estate, Hemel Hempstead, Hertfordshire, HP2 7DA.
11.3 Our principal place of business is at 5 Sovereign Park Cleveland Way, Maylands Avenue Industrial Estate, Hemel Hempstead, Hertfordshire, HP2 7DA, ENGLAND, UK OR Unit 10, Williams Court, Tunnel Way, Pitstone Green Business Park, Pitstone, Buckinghamshire, LU7 9GJ, England UK OR Office 801, Al Mansoor Tower, Al Salam Street, Abu Dhabi, PO Box: 51756, United Arab Emirates.
11.4 You can contact us:
(a) By post, to the FIRST postal address given above;
(b) Using our website contact form;
(c) By telephone, on +44 (0)1442 235 557 (UK) OR (0) 50 6925566 (UAE); or
(d) By email, using info@aerotest.com
Changes to this policy
12.1 Aerotest may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should regularly check this page to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
12.2 This policy became effective from 1st July 2014.
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thanks