https://aerostudies.com/privacy-policy/
Ascent
Pricing
Specs
Trainers
Resellers
FAQ
Buy
Courses
About
Jobs
Showcase
News
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Aerostudies respects your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains what information we collect through our site and how we use that information.
Aerostudies contains links to other web sites. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any companies or individuals that Aerostudies does not control, or any web sites that you link to from this site. Please review the privacy policies of any sites that you visit from ours to learn more about their information practices.
By accessing the Aerostudies web site, you agree to accept the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy and are aware that our policies may change in the future.
What We Collect
In various places on the Aerostudies web site, we may collect “Personally Identifiable Information,” such as your name, telephone number, e-mail address, or other information that can be used to contact you or identify you as an individual. This is voluntary and would require you to submit Personally Identifiable Information of your own volition.
We also may collect “Anonymous Information” such as your IP address, the type of browser you use and which pages on our web site that you have visited. This Anonymous Information is gathered to gain technical information about our web site and is in no way linked to your Personally Identifiable Information.
How We Use Information
We use Personally Identifiable Information that you provide mainly to communicate with you about the products and services that we offer.
We use Anonymous Information to determine how people use our web site and its services. Analyzing this data allows us to improve the content and performance of our web site. Using your IP address, we can also determine the general physical location of a user and may at times use this information to better understand our web site’s audience.
How We Share Information
Except as noted below, Aerostudies does not share your Personally Identifiable Information with third parties unless you give us your permission or we need to share such information in order to provide products or services you have requested.
We will disclose Personally Identifiable Information when required by law or under the good-faith belief that such disclosure is necessary in order to conform to applicable law, comply with subpoenas, court orders or legal process served on Aerostudies, to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims, and to protect the property or interests of Aerostudies, its agents and employees, personal safety, or the public. Under such circumstances, Aerostudies may be prohibited by law, court order or other legal process from providing notice of the disclosure, and Aerostudies reserves the right to not provide such notice in its sole discretion. If we become part of another organization, including without limitation, by merger, change of control, sale of assets, or other acquisition, the acquiring organization will obtain and have access to the Personally Identifiable Information collected by Aerostudies and it will assume the rights and obligations regarding your Personally Identifiable Information as described in this Privacy Policy. If we cease operation, your information may be transferred to and used by another company that offers similar or related products or services. While we cannot predict a great deal about such an unlikely event, we would hope this could provide you continuity of service.
Security
When you provide Aerostudies with Personally Identifiable Information, we keep the Personally Identifiable Information you provide on servers that are protected by firewalls and other standard technological means against intrusion or unauthorized access. They are located in a physically secure facility, and only our employees and agents with a need to know the information are given access.
Updates
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time as our services change and expand. If you are concerned about privacy matters, please review this page for any changes in the future. Once such changes become effective, your continued use of the Aerostudies web site will signify your acceptance of the new Privacy Policy.
Recourse
If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the Aerostudies web site.
Questions
If you have questions about this Statement or our policies, please contact us.