https://aerotest.com/terms-conditions/
Toggle navigation
MENU
Home
Products
Services
Quality
Clients
Contact
News
Home
Products
Services
Quality
Clients
Contact
News
Terms & Conditions
Your Use of Our Sites is Subject to These Terms of Use:
Purpose:
Visitors to our website are required to accept the following terms and conditions in return for the information given to them on this website.
We use our reasonable efforts to include accurate and up to date information on all the pages of our website/s. Information is for guidance only and isn’t intended to form any part of a contract and can be subject to change without notice. We will not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential or cumulative losses or damages arising out of the use or inability to use these pages/website/s and any errors, misrepresentations or omissions on the material contained on them.
The information on our website/s has been prepared with reasonable care and is believed by us to be legal, honest, decent and truthful as of when it was created.
You agree that the material downloaded or otherwise accessed through the use of the pages on our website is obtained entirely at your own risk and that you will be entirely responsible for any resulting damage to software or computer systems and/or any resulting loss of data, even if we have been advised of the possibility of any such damage.
Your use of our sites constitutes your binding acceptance of these Terms, as we may modify them from time to time by posting revised Terms on our sites.
As part of our right to establish the rules governing our websites, we may, but are not required, to take any of the following actions if we regard them as necessary. We may do so in our discretion and we are not required to give notice: (1) suspend, terminate or otherwise limit or restrict your access to all or any part of our websites; (2) change, suspend, or discontinue all or any part of the services we provide; (3) decline to make content available on our websites or remove content once it is available or (4) deactivate accounts and all related information and files.
By using our websites, you agree that we will not be liable to you or any third party for taking any of the above actions.
Our sites may contain links to other sites owned by third parties. Your use of each of those sites is subject to the conditions, if any, that each of those sites has posted. We have no control over sites that are not ours, we do not express any opinion with respect to such sites, and we are not responsible for any changes to or content on them. You are responsible for all interaction with third parties, including any commercial transactions. We will not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any of your transactions with third parties.
Privacy policy
All of the information that we collect from you, such as registration information, is subject to our Privacy Policy.
Information
The technology and the software underlying our sites is the property of Aerotest, its affiliates and licensors. You have no interest in this property. You cannot disclose, use, copy, modify or transfer it in any way without our prior express written permission. Unauthorized access to our sites is a breach of these Terms and a violation of the law. You agree not to access our sites by any means other than those approved by us. You agree not to use any automated means, including, without limitation, agents, robots, scripts, or spiders, to access, monitor, or copy any part of our sites, except those automated means that we have approved in advance and in writing.
Conduct
It is impossible to list all the forms of prohibited conduct. We will fully cooperate with all law-enforcement requests or requirements relating to your use of our sites. We reserve the right to determine what conduct is prohibited. The following are only meant as examples of prohibited conduct:
Violating the legal right of others or otherwise violating the law in any way; this includes illegally downloading files, making false statements including use of false identities and/or affecting use of the sites by others – you are responsible for knowing whether your actions violate this prohibition;
Transmitting information that may affect the operation of another person’s system, such as files that contain viruses or corrupted files;
Advertising (including contests) except that which is part of the Publisher’s content without our express prior written consent; and/or
Interference with our sites, including overloading.
Copyright
If you believe that content you own has been copied and made accessible in a manner that violates your intellectual property rights, please see the copyright notice at the bottom of this page.
Indemnification
You hereby agree to indemnify, defend and hold Aerotest and all of our shareholders, officers, directors, owners, employees, agents, affiliates, licensors and/or Users (collectively, the “Indemnified Parties”) harmless from and against any and all liability, losses, costs, and expenses (including solicitors’ fees) incurred by any Indemnified Party in connection with any claim directly or indirectly arising from your use of our sites in any way.
Exclusions and Limits
We are not responsible for any loss of any type arising from the use of our sites, whether or not arguably within our control.
We do not warrant that our sites will be uninterrupted or error free. In addition, we do not make any warranty as to the content on our sites. Our sites and their content are distributed on an “as is, as available” basis.
Any material obtained through our sites is done at your own discretion and risk, and you will be solely responsible for any potential damages to your computer system or loss of data that results, directly or indirectly, from your use of our sites. Neither we nor any of our affiliates or licensors makes any warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including, without limitation, warranties of title or implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to our sites or any aspect thereof. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, neither we nor any of our affiliates or licensors makes any representation or warranty that our sites will meet your requirements, be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error free, or that any errors will be corrected.
You assume the entire risk or all potential loss, damage or liability with respect to your use of our sites. Neither we nor any of our affiliates or licensors shall be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, or consequential damages arising directly or indirectly out of the use of our sites or the inability to use our sites, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages. Some countries/states do not allow exclusion of implied warranties or limitation of liability for incidental or consequential damages, our liability shall be limited to the greatest extent permitted by law.
Dispute Resolution
Aerotest may elect to resolve any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to these Terms or our sites by binding arbitration in accordance with the commercial arbitration rules of the London Court of International Arbitration. Any such controversy or claim shall be arbitrated on an individual basis and shall not be consolidated in any arbitration with any claim or controversy of any other party. The arbitration shall be conducted in London, England, and judgment on the arbitration award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. Either you or we may seek any interim or preliminary relief from a court of competent jurisdiction in England, necessary to protect the rights or the property of you or Aerotest or any Aerotest Party, pending the completion of arbitration.
Aerotest Copyright Notice
All editorial content and graphics on our sites are protected by UK, U.S. copyright, international treaties, and other applicable copyright laws and may not be copied without our express permission.
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thanks