https://aexis.com/privacy-policy/
Just ask. Get answers.
Your questions and comments are important to us.
Your Name (required)
Your Email (required)
Subject
Your Message
I agree to receive information from Aexis about their solutions.
×
Home
Expertise
Data Management
Corporate Performance Management
CPM for healthcare
Business Intelligence
Events
Technology
Blog
About
Team
Client Cases
Jobs
Contact
Let's Talk
Privacy Policy
AEXIS WEBSITE PRIVACY NOTICE
At AEXIS, we put great stock in data protection. In this Privacy Notice, you will find all information on how we guarantee the privacy of both our customers and users of our website, www.aexis.com.
If you still have questions after reading this agreement or if you experience problems with our services or website, you are always welcome to contact us.
When does this Privacy Notice apply?
This Privacy Notice applies to data processing by AEXIS INTERNATIONAL NV, with registered office in 1932 Sint-Stevens-Woluwe, Leuvensesteenweg 392, registered at the Crossroads Bank for Enterprises under the number 0464.642.569 (hereafter referred to as “AEXIS”) and all its associated companies (within the meaning of article 11 of the Companies Code) that make use of the data or information collected via the following address: www.aexis.com (hereafter referred to as the “Website”), as well as via any potential sub-domains of this Website.
This Privacy notice applies to the personal data we collect about you for the purpose of offering you our products and services. If you use our Website as a visitor, if you subscribe or register via the Website, if you sign up for our newsletter, make an inquiry via the contact form or use our Website in any other way, we will collect and process all data you share with us and based on which we can identify you (the “personal data”) in accordance with the Privacy Notice and the applicable regulation.
By using the AEXIS website or by sharing your personal data with us, you accept this Privacy Notice. If you do not agree with this Privacy Notice, you should refrain from using the website and from sharing any personal data with us.
AEXIS may change this Privacy Notice at any time, without prior notice, to comply with its legal obligations and/or to improve its services.  We recommend that you consult this Privacy Notice regularly, to ensure that you are aware of potential changes and always know how your personal data may be used.
What does “data processing” mean and who controls it?
With “data processing”, we refer to storing, collecting, processing, copying, transferring and removing data.
The controller for the processing of data is AEXIS itself.
Which personal data do we collect?
We collect your name and your contact information, including your post address, email address, phone number, mobile phone number, fax number, etc. We also retain data we receive via third parties, as well as from contracts, contact forms, surveys, contests, promotions, business campaigns, payment data, orders, (online) purchases, etc. We may also collect data about you via the use of our websites, social media, email response, cookies, click-through data, navigation data and other technologies. For professional clients or companies we (may) start a collaboration with, we also retain the details of the contact persons. Possible interests that our services and activities may be able to cater to, are retained as well. In short:
Data left behind by visitors on our website (name, email, telephone).
Analytical data we obtain through the use of cookies.
Data of our customers.
We may also come in possession of personal data when taking over other companies.
AEXIS will never intentionally request or collect personal data from children under the age of 12. If AEXIS finds out that it accidentally collected data from a child under the age of 12, it will remove the personal data of the respective child from its files as rapidly as reasonably possible.
How long will these personal data be stored?
AEXIS does not store the collected personal data for more than five years, and never longer than what is legally authorised or required to meet the objectives specified in this Privacy Notice.
Why AEXIS collects personal data and how it uses these data
AEXIS collects personal information that is needed to guarantee the optimal functioning of the website. AEXIS may use this information for actions or messages of an informative nature. AEXIS also collects information in log files. This information is used for internal purposes, including traffic and profile analysis. This allows us to further perfect the services provided by the website.
AEXIS collects and uses personal data strictly for the purpose the data were obtained for. AEXIS may use your personal data for all or some of the following purposes:
Orders: to process and mail your orders and notify you of their status.
Maintenance of your account: to create and maintain your accounts with AEXIS.
Consumer service: to better serve you, as a consumer, which includes responding to your questions, complaints and general feedback about our products. Our consumer service may be offered via various means of communication, including email, letter, telephone and online chat.
Consumer involvement: to get you more actively involved with our products and services. This may include the use or the publication of content generated by the consumer.
Personalisation: AEXIS may combine personal data collected via one source (e.g. a website) with data that originate from a different source (e.g. an offline event). This helps AEXIS to get a more complete picture of you as a consumer, allowing AEXIS to serve you better and in a more personal manner, including with respect to the following:
Websites: to enhance and personalise your experience on our websites, through the use of data like login details, technical computer information and/or information on prior use of the website;
Products and services: to improve the products and services of AEXIS, to better adjust them to your needs and to come up with new ideas. This includes the use of demographic information, details on consumer profiling and consumer feedback; and
Advertising and emails based on interests:
to show you advertisements that are adjusted to your interests. By linking the activities or information collected on the AEXIS sites to data that have been collected about you on the websites of third parties. Such advertising is also known as “targeted advertising” or “online behavioural advertising”. This type of personalisation is commonly achieved via cookies or similar technologies.
Advertising emails: to send advertising emails if you signed up to receive such messages (including information about AEXIS, its products and services, contests and promotions). These messages may be distributed electronically (e.g. text message, email and online advertisements) and by mail.
Social functions: to offer you certain social functions, including:
Community functions on an AEXIS site
When visiting an AEXIS site with a community function and sharing photos, videos, illustrations or other content, AEXIS may use and show the personal data you shared on such websites.
Viral website functions
AEXIS may use your personal data to offer you viral website functions, including a “tell-a-friend” programme, allowing you to share certain news reports, product information, promotions and other content with family and friends.
Personal contact information (including names and email addresses) must typically be collected and used for this purpose, allowing the respective message / content to be delivered to the recipients.
Social networks of third parties
AEXIS may use your personal data when you use social network functions of third parties, such as “Facebook Connect” or “Facebook Like”. These functions may be integrated in the AEXIS sites, for purposes of organising contests, among others, and to allow you to share content with friends.
When you use these functions, AEXIS may obtain certain personal data about you via the respective social network. More information on how these functions work and the profile data AEXIS may obtain about you, can be found on the website of the respective social network.
Marketing automation plugins of third parties
Our website uses a number of marketing automation plugins. These third parties may use cookies. We use the following marketing automation tools: Sharpspring. We refer to the cookie policy of such third parties:
(a). Sharpspring
Other specific purposes
We may use your personal data for other specific business purposes, including the day-to-day functioning and safety of the AEXIS sites, to perform demographic studies or audits and to contact you for consumer surveys.
Does AEXIS transfer your personal data to third parties?
AEXIS is committed to processing your data in a confidential manner and does not sell your personal data to third parties, either in part or as a whole.
Still, AEXIS may share your data with service providers it uses to administer the website or to perform services on behalf of AEXIS. These service providers may therefore have access to and may make use of your personal data, to the extent this is required for them to perform their duties.
With respect to your data, AEXIS will act in accordance with the Belgian laws on personal data protection.
What are your rights and how can you exercise them?All visitors of the Website have the right to inspect, copy, modify, correct and remove their data, at no cost to them.You can exercise all of these rights by sending us a request.7.1. Right to inspect, copy and correct
You have the right to request access to your personal data. If AEXIS is unable to let you access your personal data, it will inform you of the reason for this.
You also have the right to request for AEXIS to rectify inaccuracies in your personal data, or to supplement incomplete personal data.
7.2. Right to erase data and to limit processing
You have the right to request for your data to be erased, when they are not or no longer needed for the objectives pursued by AEXIS, when you withdraw your authorisation or when the processing would be unlawful.
In that case, you should send a signed and dated request to AEXIS accompanied by a copy of your identity card.
AEXIS may refuse to erase the data in the context of a legal action or to safeguard the rights of others.
In that case, you may request a limitation of the data processing.
7.3. Right to unsubscribe from advertising messages
You have the right to unsubscribe from advertising messages regarding AEXIS (“opt-out”) and may do so by following the instructions in the respective advertising message or by sending us a request.
7.4. Right to data transferability
You have the right to transfer personal data from AEXIS to a different controller in a convenient manner.
7.5. Right to file a complaint
If you experience problems while attempting to exercise your rights or if you believe that AEXIS is not fulfilling its obligations, you may file a complaint with the Privacy Commission (www.privacycommission.be).
Which measures does AEXIS take to protect your personal data?
AEXIS uses the conventional techniques in accordance with the current technological developments to protect the information shared by visitors from loss, wrongful use, alteration or destruction.
AEXIS has taken a number of measures to protect your personal data, including:
Secured business environment: AEXIS stores your data in secured business environments that can only be accessed by employees, agents and contractors of AEXIS on a need-to-know basis. AEXIS also abides by the generally accepted industry standards in this regard.
Encryption of payment data: AEXIS uses encryption that is normally applied in the industry to protect sensitive financial information, including credit card details that are sent via the Internet (e.g. when you make a payment in an AEXIS web shop).
Prior authentication for account access: AEXIS verifies the identity of its registered consumers (login ID and password) before they can access or make changes to their account. This is intended to prevent access for unauthorised persons.
Please note that these safeguards do not apply to personal data you share in public areas, such as community websites.
To the maximum extent practicable, AEXIS takes all reasonable measures to guarantee the confidentiality of the personal data consumers share with AEXIS. Still, each visitor should recognise that the provision of personal data via the Internet is never without risk. The visitor therefore acknowledges that potential direct or indirect damage he or she would suffer as a result of illicit or wrongful use of his or her personal data by third parties that have not been authorised to do so, cannot be attributed to AEXIS nor can AEXIS be held responsible for this, unless such damage was caused undeniably and primarily by an intentional act or gross negligence on account of AEXIS.
What are your options if nevertheless anything goes wrong with the protection of your personal data?
AEXIS will notify all involved parties of any problem arising with the protection of data of natural persons within 72 hours.
AEXIS makes every effort to solve such problems as promptly as possible and regularly updates its safety policy to prevent this type of problems in the future.
As a user, you may file a complaint with the Privacy Commission (www.privacycommission.be), as explained above.
Applicable law and disputes
This Privacy Notice is governed by Belgian law.
Any potential dispute or litigation falls under the jurisdiction of the courts of Brussels.
How to contact us
AEXIS acts as the “controller” for the personal data it processes in the context of this Privacy Notice. If you have any questions or comments regarding this Privacy Notice or the way AEXIS collects personal data, do not hesitate to contact us via:
Email at info@be.aexis.com
Phone at 32-2-725-16-44
Letter to AEXIS INTERNATIONAL NV, Leuvensesteenweg 392, 1932 Sint-Stevens-Woluwe