https://afcintl.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
AFC International Privacy Policy
This privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”) describes the privacy practices for afcintl.com, a website (the “Site” or “Website” or “afcintl.com”) owned and operated by AFC International, Inc. (“AFC Intl”). As part of the normal operation of the Site, we collect and, in some cases, disclose information about you to third parties. This Privacy Policy describes the information we collect about you, how AFC Intl may use such information, and what may happen to that information. By accepting the Terms of Use you expressly consent to our use and disclosure of your personally identifiable information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable law. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and subject to the provisions of the AFC Intl Terms & Conditions
Minors
This Website is offered and available to users who are 13 years of age or older and reside in the United States or any of its territories or possessions. If you are under the age of 18, you may use this Website only with the involvement of a parent or guardian. By using this Website, you represent and warrant that you are of capacity to form a binding contract with the Company and meet all of the foregoing eligibility requirements.
Information We Collect
Consumer Registration Information. To purchase goods on our website, you will be required to provide us with your contact information and certain other personal information, namely, first and last name, billing address, credit card information, phone numbers and email addresses.
Your Usage of Our Site. We automatically track certain information about you based upon your use of our Site. We use this information to conduct internal research on our users’ demographics, interests, and behavior to better understand and serve our users. This information is compiled and analyzed on an aggregate anonymized basis. This information may include the URL that you just came from, which URL you next go to, what browser you are using, and your IP address, among other things.
Cookies. In addition, we use “cookies” on certain pages of our Site. Cookies are small files that can be used to track a user’s steps or automatically generate a user’s password. Some features of our Website may only be available through the use of a cookie. Among other things, cookies allow you to enter your password less frequently during a session. Cookies can also help us provide information which is targeted to your interests. Cookies are stored on your hard drive, not on our Site. Most, but not all, cookies are automatically deleted at the end of a session. You may decline our cookies if your browser permits, although your use of the Site may then be restricted (as noted above).
Your Posts. If you choose to post messages in our forum, we will collect such information about you as you may choose to disclose pursuant to your activities on the Site. Any material or information that you post on the Site, including but not limited to participation in chat rooms, forums and bulletin boards will be public, therefore you acknowledge that you have no expectation of privacy to the content you post on the Site.
Your Correspondence. If you send us e-mails, letters or other personal correspondence, or if other users or third parties send us correspondence about your activities or postings on the Website, we may collect such information into a file specific to you.
Your Credit Account. If you establish a credit account with us, we collect some additional information, including billing address, credit card number, and credit card expiration date and tracking information from checks or money orders.
Our Use of Your Information
Promotional Use. We use personal information about you to enhance our marketing and promotional efforts, and to improve our content and services. We may also use your information to deliver to you advertisements, new services and promotions, and other information to you that is targeted to your interests. You can avoid receiving some of this information by changing your options on your account status page. You will have the ability to not receive such advertisements, promotions, notices, and information by an email to info@AFCIntl.com and tell us that you want to opt – out of these promotional services.
Administrative Notices, etc. We use your e-mail address, your mailing address, and phone number to contact you regarding administrative notices, new product offerings, and communications relevant to your use of the Site. If you do not wish to receive these communications, you may have the ability to opt out of receiving these notices on your account status page.
Billing and Support. If you open a credit account with our Website, we use your address and billing information to bill you and provide associated support.
Dispute Resolution. We use information in the file we maintain about you, and other information we obtain from your current and past activities on the Site, to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, and enforce our Terms & Conditions.
Our Disclosure to Third Parties
We use practices that are consistent with standards in our industry to protect your privacy. We cannot, however, promise that your personally identifiable information or private communications will remain private. For example, third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications on our Website. We do not sell or rent any personally identifiable information about you to any third party. The following describes some of the ways that your personally identifiable information may be disclosed. For a more detailed list of ways we disclose information about you, please see our Terms & Conditions
Law Enforcement. We may disclose any information about you to law enforcement or other government officials as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate, in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose us to legal liability.
Advertisers. We disclose aggregate information about our users to advertisers and for other marketing and promotional purposes. However, we do not disclose any personally identifying information to any of these entities.
AFCIntl.com Site. Throughout the Site, you are identified by your User ID. Unless you select a unique User ID, our system automatically sets your User ID as your e-mail address. In this situation, where you are identified on the Site by your User ID, you disclose your e-mail address to other users and third parties. As a result, other users and third parties might send you unsolicited e-mail and be able to personally identify all of your activities on the Site. Although our pages are coded with robot exclusion headers, others may attempt to automatically collect your e-mail address from our Site. We describe how to change your User ID in your profile page. Even if your User ID is not your e-mail address, your User ID can be used to identify you and your activities throughout the Site. Other people can see your activities on the Site, including any of your comments and postings on the Site, and so on.
Third Party Suppliers. We may use third party suppliers to assist us in providing the services available on an outside website. Whenever a third party supplier desires to collect information about you, you will be notified of the involvement of the third party supplier, and you will never be required to disclose any information to the third party supplier. We impose contractual restrictions on the use by our third party suppliers of information concerning you, and we do not permit third party suppliers to sell your information to other third parties.
Disclosures You Make to Third Parties
AFCIntl.com may provide, or third party websites listed on the Site may, may provide links to other Internet sites or resources which are not maintained by or related to AFCIntl.com. Links to such third party sites are provided as service and convenience to our users, but they are not sponsored by, endorsed by, or otherwise affiliated with this Site. AFCIntl.com has no control over these linked websites including, but not limited to, the privacy practices of such websites, and AFCIntl.com makes no representations or warranties to you about the privacy, content, quality, or accuracy of any linked website. Therefore, you acknowledge that AFCIntl.com is not responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused by or alleged to have been caused by or in relation to your use of such linked websites, including any loss or damage from any privacy violation or privacy breach that may occur as a result of your use of any linked website or any failures and/or disruption to your computer system that results from your use of any such linked websites.
Changes to Privacy Policy
AFCIntl.com reserves the right at any time to make changes, modifications, alterations and/or additions to this Privacy Policy. AFCIntl.com will notify you of any changes to this Privacy Policy by providing you with notice of such changes at your email address that you provided the Site as your primary contact information.
Questions about Privacy Policy
If you have any questions regarding the AFCIntl.com’s Privacy Policy, please contact us at: sales@afcintl.com
AFC International Inc. 219.987.6825
715 Almond St SW Ste C DeMotte, IN 46310
Effective Date of Privacy Policy
The effective date of this Privacy Policy is Jan 2020.
How We Protect Your Personal Information
AFCIntl.com uses all commercially practicable means to protect your personal information from being improperly accessed by third parties at any time, including without limitation, encryption processes in connection with credit card and other financial information. Additionally, to the extent that we do not foresee a continued use of any such information, we will promptly destroy such information without retaining copies for our files.
What You Can Do about Your Personal Information
At any time you may submit a written request inquiring about what personal information we have collected about you in order to: (i) edit such information; or (ii) request its deletion. We will timely respond to any such requests and use all commercially practicable efforts to comply with your demands, unless not legally or otherwise permissible. Inquiries and requests can be provided to info@AFCIntl.com.
Governing Law
This Privacy Policy shall be governed by the laws of the State of Indiana without regard to its conflict of laws principles. Users agree that the courts in Jasper County, Indiana shall have personal jurisdiction over them in connection with any such disputes.