https://affinitymc.com/privacy/
Skip to content
PRIVACY
Affinity Consulting and Training Inc. is committed to respecting the
privacy of individuals and recognizes the need of people with
whom we do business, and employees for the appropriate management and
protection of any Personal Information that you agree to provide
to us.
Our Privacy Management Plan includes guidelines on the
collection, storage, use and retention of your Personal
Information as follows:
Collection: The organization collects personal information
about individuals (clients, suppliers, employees, etc) in order
to better manage it’s business. The organization will make
all reasonable efforts to fully inform such individuals about
the planned use/disclosure. The organization will limit the
collection and use of personal information to that required
for valid business purposes or to comply with legislation.
Accuracy: The organization will make every reasonable
effort to ensure that the personal information it collects and
uses is accurate and complete. Individuals providing
personal information will have the opportunity to review and
correct their personal information, and on written request by
an individual to whom the information relates, the
organization will modify the information as required.
Storage: The organization will store personal information
using hard copy and/or electronic means in such a way as to
prevent unauthorized collection, access, use, disclosure or
disposal of the personal information.
Retention: The organization will establish a retention period
for all personal information collected. This period may be
related to legislation other than PIPEDA (Employment
Standards for example).
Disclosure: The organization will not disclose personal information
unnecessarily to employees or any third party, unless the effected individual
consents.
Access: The organization promotes individual’s right of access to personal
information about themselves. The employer will provide access to information
upon request. Access will be provided according to established procedures.
Note: access to a record may be subject to the payment of any fee required
according to organization policy.
In addition to the care that Affinity Consulting and Training Inc. takes directly, we are also
working with all of our partner organizations that may at some point handle personal
information gathered by us in the course of their relationship with and service to us.
Each third party partner has agreed to meet our standards of privacy, confidentiality and
security.
All Employees and third party staff who in any way handle or manage Personal
Information have acknowledged and agreed to adhere to our Privacy Code and the
procedures that support that code.
For further information contact:
Chief Privacy Officer (CPO)
Phone: 780-432-8182
e-Mail: info@affinitymc.com
web: www.affinitymc.com
Scroll to Top