https://afgruppen.com/privacy/
Skip to main content
Processing of personal data in AF Gruppen
Information you provide to AF Gruppen when filling in forms on this website, for example name and address, are necessary in order for us to comply with your request. Security procedures have been established to protect your personal data from unintended access and use. We work to ensure you always feel confident when submitting personal information to us. Below you will therefore find information on the personal data that is collected, why we do this, and your rights in relation to processing the data.AF Gruppen consists of a number of companies, but with AF Gruppen ASA (business register number: 938 702 675) as the parent company in the group. The data controller for the personal data we process in AF Gruppen is the individual company (legal entity), yet such that AF Gruppen ASA has the ultimate responsibility. You may have reached this statement through one of AF Gruppen’s companies, and you may contact that company with regard to the processing of personal data, but you may in any circumstances contact AF Gruppen centrally in connection with processing of personal data. Contact information for AF Gruppen and all group companies is:
Address: AF Gruppen Norge AS Innspurten 15, 0663 OsloE-mail: personvern@afgruppen.noTelephone: +47 22 89 11 00Business register number: 938 333 572 Group Privacy Officer Karin Engen
1. Why we collect personal data and the type of personal data we collect
We collect and use your personal data for different purposes depending on who you are and how we come into contact with you. We collect the following personal data for the purposes specified here: 1. Administration of information you provide on the website, responding to enquiries that we receive in order fo us to help you with your questions. These may typically include: Name, phone number, e-mail address and any personal data that may arise from the enquiry. The processing of personal data takes place on the basis of a balancing of interests. Administration of interest forms for projects, viewings and rectifying faults, distribution of marketing, newsletters and providing information on our business: E-mail address. Processing takes place on the basis of agreement with you.
2. Information collected in connection with viewings and rectifying faults may form the basis for market and customer analyses, market surveys and statistics. This data may also be processed in order to provide targeted information and marketing of offers.
3. Recruitment to new positions with us. CV, application, certificates and references. The processing of personal data takes place on the basis of consent you have provided.
4. In order to obtain information on the use of our website, we use cookies. You can read more about cookies and which cookies we use on this page. We process personal data on the basis of a balancing of interests. We use this to customize the website for our users. We do however safeguard your privacy in that we only use the data for statistics. It is not possible to identify you as an individual in these statistics. Disclosure of personal data to others We do not disclose your personal data to others unless there is a legal basis for such disclosure. Examples of such a basis would typically be an agreement with you or a legal basis that orders us to disclose the data. AF Gruppen uses data processors to collect, store or otherwise process personal data on our behalf. In such cases we have entered into agreements to maintain information security at all stages of processing. All processing of personal data that we engage in takes place within the EU/EEA area.
2. Storage period We store your personal data for as long as it is necessary to fulfil the purpose for which the personal data was collected. Personal data we process to fulfil an agreement with you is deleted when the agreement is fulfilled and all obligations following from the contractual relationship are met.
3. Your rights when we process personal data concerning you You have the right to demand access to, rectification or deletion of the personal data we process concerning you. You also have the right to demand limited processing, object to processing and demand the right of data portability. You can see more details on the content of these rights at the Data Inspectorate’s website: www.datatilsynet.no. In order to exercise your rights, you must contact us by e-mail at the above e-mail address or by regular post. We will respond to your request as soon as possible, and no later than within 30 days.
4. ComplaintsIf you believe that our processing of personal data fails to comply with what is described here or that we otherwise are in breach of privacy laws, you may lodge a complaint with the Data Inspectorate. You can find information on how to contact the Data Inspectorate on the Data Inspectorate’s website: www.datatilsynet.no. You may at any time withdraw your consent to the processing of your personal data by us. The easiest way to do this is to visit our website or contact us.
5. Changes If changes are made to our services or the rules for processing personal data, this may lead to changes in the information provided here. If we have your contact details, we will notify you of this. Otherwise, up to date information will always be easily accessible at our website.
Cookies
When visiting our website som information may be stored on your computer in the form of a “cookie”. A cookie is a small text file that is transferred from the website to your hard disk or browser. This provides us with information on when and for how long you visited our website, which pages you visited and which page you visited before arriving at our website. We can also see which Internet provider and browser you are using, and whether you are visiting our website using a computer, smartphone or tablet. We use this information to adapt content so that it better complies with your expectations, and to see how we can improve our information at afgruppen.no. Cookies may also be used to make advertisements and other content more relevant. Some browsers allow you to change settings so that you don’t accept cookies or are notified when cookies are installed. If you prefer not to accept cookies, use the online help in your browser to see how to change these settings. Please note that some of the website’s features may not work properly.
Statistics
The website uses Google Analytics, an web analysis service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies to analyse how visitors use the website. Information generated by the cookie through your use of the website (including your IP address), will be transferred to and stored by Google on servers in the USA. Google uses the information to analyse your use of the website, and prepares reports to the owner of the website on activities on the page and to provide further services related to activities on the page and use of the Internet. Google does not link your IP address to other information in Google’s possession. You may decline the use of cookies by selecting certain settings in your browser.
Print
Latest articlesTo build office building for Entra in BergenBuilding , AF Gruppen Nominated for contract by the City of BergenBuilding , AF Gruppen Building apartments for OBOS at FornebuBuilding , AF Gruppen