https://agc-gm.org/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Standard Website Privacy Policy
The Associated General Contractors of Greater Milwaukee takes your privacy seriously. This privacy policy describes how and why we obtain, store and process data which can identify you. AGC has created this policy to help users of this Web Site, www.agc-gm.org, understand how we collect, use, and protect information about them. The term “user” in this policy statement refers to visitors of this Web Site. The term “collected information” refers specifically to information collected from this Web Site.
AGC makes every effort to provide you with a safe and private environment. This policy tells you what information we gather and how we use it. This privacy policy applies to all of the AGC of Greater Milwaukee Web Site.
The Information we collect
Personal Information: When you sign up for AGC of Greater Milwaukee services, register for an event, email services, or when you contribute to or use some of the advanced features of the site, you may be asked to provide personal information. The information we collect is clearly set out on the web page on which we collect it. For example our registration page and order form. Credit card information is recorded only for completion of transaction for which it was provided and is not stored for long–term use.
Web Site Activity Data: In addition, we may collect your IP address and use cookies unless you configure your web browser not to accept them. The data is collected as a whole rather than individually. This allows us to track the agc-gm.org Web Site and is not used to personally identify you. By tracking this information, we can build the most effective Web Site for all of our visitors. Generally, we can determine which areas are most effective or appropriate based on the amount of traffic to particular areas.
Cookies
Web sites will commonly write small amounts of data files (cookies) to your hard drive during your visits to the site. A cookie file is used in order to track traffic patterns on a particular site and contains information that can anonymously identify you. This information is encrypted for security purposes. AGG of Greater Milwaukee measures the activity of the site by using cookies. Cookies help us make improvements to the site so you can have a pleasant and productive experience. Cookies are created to identify your computer when visiting our site and are never used to personally identify you. Cookies cannot read data off your hard disk or memory, or read cookie files created by other sites. You can set your browser to send a warning message before accepting cookies or to refuse cookies. Check your browser for instructions on how to handle cookies.
Why we collect it
We collect information about you so that we can personalize your use of the site, assist your use of the site and improve the site generally. Depending upon your selections for our data protection questions we may arrange for you to be sent information about related products and services from us and carefully selected third parties.
Access to Personal Information
You can review, access, and revise most of the collected information by using website page. You may submit a request to limit marketing or to avoid specific types of communication (e.g., mail, fax, email) or specific AGC publications (e.g., News & Events, E-news) by contacting the AGC Membership Department by e–mail at kjalalian@agc-gm.org. Additional information may be attainable from AGC’s Membership Department by email at kjalalian@agc-gm.org or by telephone at (414) 778-4100.
Use of Collected Information
AGC’s primary objective in collecting user information is to provide the best member and customer service possible. User–specific information that is provided by the user is normally incorporated into AGC’s general member and contacts database. AGC uses information in the database, and shares some information in the database with AGC chapters and third–party service providers, for the purpose of executing requested AGC–endorsed products, services, and resources. The information is used for the purpose of notifying users of additional AGC endorsed products, services, statements, and resources. AGC occasionally shares some collected information with member and nonmember individuals, such as when we provide attendees of an AGC event with a registrants list containing contact information. AGC generally does not sell or trade collected information to third parties specifically for commercial use but does provide limited member information to third parties. This includes, e.g., membership lists shared with reputable organizations with which AGC has an established business relationship, including the annually printed AGC Membership Directory & Buyers Guide and this site’s Membership Directory service.
Who we disclose it to
We will only pass on information about you as an individual (as opposed to aggregate information) to third parties to enable us to perform services requested by you or with your prior consent. If you give your consent, we will pass your contact details to third parties who may then occasionally send communications to you to provide information, offers and services that may be of interest to you. In certain circumstances we may disclose information about you if you breach this privacy policy or if you breach the Terms and Conditions. We may also disclose or access your account if required to do so by law or by any Governmental body.
Links to Other Web Sites
This site contains links to other Web Sites, some of which may look similar to this site and appear to be a part of this site. AGC is not responsible for the privacy practices, content, or security of such sites.
Credit Card Data / Data Protection / Security
AGC is committed to keeping personal information secure during commerce transactions that involve using credit card information. Therefore, certain sections of the Web Site may encrypt data using SSL or a comparable standard for all direct transactions that involve credit card or banking information. This process allows agc-gm.org to send your credit card number and personal data over the Internet securely. These encrypted data files are securely stored on AGC of Greater Milwaukee -owned servers. Once encrypted, only the credit card’s authorization company has the ability to decrypt it. Agc-gm.org never displays your credit card number online. Additionally, we store any personal information you have submitted on forms (i.e., your address, e-mail and billing information) on our secure server. Our server is tightly monitored and controlled. Only those with proper authorization have access to this information.
This site and the servers that store collected information have industry-standard security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under AGC’s control. Please note, however, that no security system is 100% secure. All of the information we collect is either stored electronically or is restricted in our offices. Only personnel who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personally identifiable information. However, no data transmission over the Internet cannot be guaranteed to be totally secure. AGC of Greater Milwaukee strives to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant of any information which you send to us, and you do so at your own risk. Our server is tightly monitored and controlled. Only those with proper authorization have access to this information.
Automated Decisions
Parts of www.agc-gm.org and our billing process (which is transacted via our membership database) are automatic and we may process your personal data as part of www.agc-gm.org and the billing process.
You may also contact us at:
Associated General Contractors of Greater Milwaukee, Inc.
1243 N 10th Street, Ste. 175, Milwaukee, WI 53205
(414) 778-4100
kjalalian@agc-gm.org
Editorial Guidelines
Policy Guidelines for Editorial Content
The goal for editorial content on agc-gm.org is to be accurate, fair, complete and ethical. Although content on certain pages of the Web Site contains information about legal issues, the content is not intended to serve as legal advice. Users who have specific questions about legal issues should consult with legal counsel.
Third-Party Ad Networks
We use third parties such as network advertisers to serve advertisements on our Site and on third-party websites or other media (e.g., social networking platforms). This enables us and these third parties to target advertisements to you for products and services in which you might be interested. Third-party ad network providers, advertisers, sponsors and/or traffic measurement services may use cookies, JavaScript, web beacons (including clear GIFs), Flash LSOs and other tracking technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content to you. These third-party cookies and other technologies are governed by each third party’s specific privacy policy, not this one. We may provide these third-party advertisers with information about you.
Users in the United States may opt out of many third-party ad networks. For example, you may go to the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) Consumer Choice Page for information about opting out of interest-based advertising and their choices regarding having information used by DAA companies. You may also go to the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) Consumer Opt-Out Page for information about opting out of interest-based advertising and their choices regarding having information used by NAI members.
Opting out from one or more companies listed on the DAA Consumer Choice Page or the NAI Consumer Opt-Out Page will opt you out from those companies’ delivery of interest-based content or ads to you, but it does not mean you will no longer receive any advertising through our Site or on other websites. You may continue to receive advertisements, for example, based on the particular website that you are viewing (i.e., contextually based ads). Also, if your browsers are configured to reject cookies when you opt out on the DAA or NAI websites, your opt-out may not be effective. Additional information is available on the DAA’s website at www.aboutads.info or the NAI’s website at www.networkadvertising.org.
Online Behavioral Advertising and How You Can Opt-Out
We may work with third-party advertising companies who may utilize cookies and web beacons, and data collected on our services, to customize advertisements to you on our services, as well as on other websites or mobile applications in their networks beyond our services. Among other things, these customized advertisements may advertise our products and services and third party products and services on websites or mobile applications not affiliated with us. Some of these ads are online behavioral advertising – which serve advertisements that are more likely to be of interest to you using non-personal behavioral information. Such ads may contain cookies that allow monitoring of websites and mobile applications (including our own services) and your response to such advertisements. Cookies or web beacons placed by these companies do not collect personal information, and the third-party advertising companies do not have access to or use your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number or other personal information; they may however, anonymously track your usage across our services and other websites or mobile applications in their networks. We limit companies that place our ads from using information for any purpose other than to assist us in our advertising efforts.
For more information about these third-party advertising companies’ privacy policies, visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s website at http://www.networkadvertising.org. If you prefer to not receive targeted advertising, you can opt-out of network advertising programs that use your information. To do so, please visit: the Network Advertising Initiative’s opt-out page.