http://agegraphics.com/pages/privacy
Skip to content
Submit
Close search
Quote Request Form
Products
expand
collapse
Products
18x24 Yard Sign Sign Pricing
18x24 Specials
12x18 Specials
Banners
Blank Sign Packages
Event Signs
Free Shipping Packages
Labels
Large Format Signs
Magnets
Polybag Signs
Smaller Sign Pricing
Sign Stakes
Sign Stakes Packages
Starburst Sign Riders
Virus Protocol/Social Distancing Signs
Thank You Healthcare Workers
Political Templates
Price Match Guarantee
Contact Us
Helpful Tips & Tricks
expand
collapse
Helpful Tips & Tricks
Blog and News
PMS Color Chart
Privacy Statement
Mission Statement
Buy Online
Buy Virus Protocol/Social Distancing Signs
Thank You Healthcare Workers
Starburst Sign Riders
Call Now!
1 (877) 973-3225
help desk software
Privacy Statement for A.G.E. Graphics LLC
Get A $50 Prepaid VISA
LABELS
Vinyl Bumper Stickers
YARD SIGNS
Price Match Guarantee
EVENT SIGNS
18x24 TOP SELLER
Our Popular Specials
12x18 & 18x12
18x24
Smaller Sign Pricing
Large Signs
Sign Stakes
Political Templates
Helpful Tips & Tricks
PMS Color Chart
Request Proof/Price
LABELS
BANNERS
MAGNETIC SIGNS
MISSION STATEMENT
PRIVACY STATEMENT
RECYCLE INFO
Our Commitment to Privacy
A.G.E. Graphics LLC is committed to respecting and protecting your privacy as a visitor to our web site at http://www.decals-oem.com , http://www.agegraphics.com or https://www.cheapyardsignsage.com. We take the issue of privacy very seriously and value the trust you place in us each time you use our services and access this Web site. This Privacy Statement describes the practices and policies we have put into place to safeguard your personal
information that may be gathered and used as you visit our Web site.
THIS NOTICE DESCRIBES HOW
INFORMATION ABOUT YOU MAY BE USED AND DISCLOSED AND HOW YOU CAN GET ACCESS TO THIS INFORMATION. PLEASE REVIEW IT CAREFULLY.
The policy may change from time to time so please check back periodically. If you have any questions about our privacy policies, we encourage you to contact us using any of the methods outlined at the end of our Privacy Statement.
Security of Communications
We recognize that many people are concerned about the privacy and protection of information as it is transmitted over the Internet. You should keep in mind that the possibility exists for unauthorized individuals to intercept any email message you send over the Internet. In some cases, information can be encrypted (scrambled or encoded) to make it very difficult to read if it is intercepted during communication. Certain technology and practices allow Web sites to provide an increased level of security for your personal information when appropriate.
Information submitted here is kept in strict confidence and used solely by AGE Graphics LLC to contact you in regards to your inquiry. The information is neither sold or otherwise published for any use other than for which it was submitted.
We use the following practices on our Web site to enhance the level of security for communication and the transmission of personal information:
We have taken reasonable steps to ensure the integrity and confidentiality of personally identifiable information that you may provide.
We are not responsible for the privacy of e-mail messages except those stored in our system.
We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site
E-Commerce,
and Online Shopping
Purchasing items over the Internet usually requires you to provide your personal identifying information and credit card information on a Web site. Many people have become accustomed to on-line commerce as a time-saving and useful convenience. There are a number of practices that can make providing your sensitive credit card information more secure and therefore make you feel more comfortable about doing so.
This website employs Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption technology in pages where private information is handled to ensure secure input of such information. SSL is technology that applies encryption and authentication to data communication between a browser and a www. server to protect the data communication from theft and tampering by any unauthorized third party.
Advertising Servers
On-line advertising, such as banner ads, has become commonplace on many Web sites. Certain Web sites have developed relationships with third-party advertising servers to display these advertisements on their sites. By clicking on one of these banner ads, you will be taken to another site with different privacy policies. These third party ad servers may also use cookies to collect non-personal information on your preferences and interests via the advertisement you decide to view.
At this time, we do not partner with or have special relationships with any advertising server companies.
Links to Other Sites
Web sites often provide a number of links that offer direct access to other useful or interesting web sites holding potential value to site visitors. Inclusion of the other sites by links does not imply any endorsement of the material or information on the other sites. Users are encouraged to review the privacy policy of each linked site before sharing personal and health-related information.
Web Site Contact Information
If you have questions about our privacy policy, or feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, please contact us.
A.G.E. Graphics LLC
52231 St. Rt. 248
Long Bottom, OH
45743
E-mail: agegraphics@gmail.com
Telephone Call Toll Free: 1-877-973-3225 - Fax: 1-740-989-0006
Contact Us Form: http://www.decals-oem.com/contact.html
${{amount}}
You're saving