https://agrigold.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
AgriGold (“Company” or “We”) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy. This policy describes our practices in connection with information that we may collect from you, or that you may provide to us, through our website www.agrigold.com (our “Website”) or offline through attending a trade show or other event or participating in our sweepstakes, contests, or other promotional activities, and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.
By accessing or using our Website and providing us with your information online or offline, you agree to this privacy policy. If you do not agree with this policy and our practices, your choice is not to use our Website or interact with us. This policy may change from time to time. Your continued use of our Website and continued interaction with us after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
This policy does not apply to information collected through any other website operated by Company or by any third party, including through any application, platform, or content that may link to or be accessible from or on our Website.
Information We Collect and How We Collect It
We collect limited information from you, which includes information:
By which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, any other identifier by which you may be contacted online or offline (“personal information”).
About your internet connection, location, the equipment you use to access our Website, site navigation, and usage details.
We collect this information:
When you fill in forms or register for subscriptions or other communications through our Website.
When you register to attend a trip or meeting.
When you correspond with us via email.
When you participate in a contest, promotion, sweepstakes, survey or other promotion.
When we conduct market research, meet you at a trade show or other event.
Automatically as you navigate through our Website. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses, and search history.
How We Use Your Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us:
To present our Website and its contents to you.
To provide you with marketing-related communications (such as by email or through mailings) with information about current events, promotions, new products and other news about our Company with your consent.
To allow you to participate in our sweepstakes, contests or other promotions.
To help us respond to your queries.
To conduct data analysis to improve our business.
To help diagnose problems with our server, to administer our Website, and to gather broad demographic information.
To comply with legal and regulatory requirements.
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy:
To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business (such as printers, e-mail providers, analytic providers, and web hosting providers) or that help us market our products and services.
To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
Our contractors, service providers, and other third parties may need information about you in order to perform their functions. We will not share, sell, rent or otherwise distribute your personal information with outside parties, except to provide products or services you’ve requested, to receive support services from our service providers (as described immediately above), in response to a validly-issued subpoena or court order, when necessary to exercise our legal rights, upon your request, or to contact you, when necessary.
Your Choices Regarding Our Use and disclosure of Your Information
We give you choices regarding our use and disclosure of your information. You may opt-out from receiving electronic communications from us. If you no longer want to receive marketing-related emails from us on a going-forward basis, you may opt-out by using the unsubscribe mechanism contained in each such email communication or send us an email stating your request to communications@agrigold.com. We do not control third parties’ collection or use of your information. We have no control over, and are not responsible for, their data collection and/or handling practices. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our Website, such as through a link displayed on our Website, and encourage you to read the privacy statements on third parties’ sites.
Accessing and Correcting Your Information
You may request to access, correct or delete your personal information by sending us an email to communications@agrigold.com. We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.
Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, California law may provide you with additional rights regarding our use of your personal information. To contact us about your California privacy rights, please call (800) 262-7333 or email us at communications@agrigold.com.
Specifically, we supply information to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) and other California privacy laws. The CCPA provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
Access to Specific Information
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your identity (“verifiable consumer request”), we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
The purposes for collecting or disclosing that personal information
The categories of personal information that we sold or shared for a business purpose
The categories of third parties with whom we shared or sold that personal information
Deletion Request Rights
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
Exercising Your Rights
To exercise the rights described above, please submit a request to us by either calling (800) 262-7333 or emailing communications@agrigold.com.
Children Under the Age of 13
Our Website is not intended for children under 13 years of age. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. We do not entice children with games or contests that would encourage them to disclose personal information. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information through this Website. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at communications@agrigold.com.
Security
We feature security measures on our host’s servers to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information placed under our control.
Retention
We retain the information we collect for as long as needed or permitted in light of the purpose(s) for which it was obtained and consistent with applicable law.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our Website and this privacy policy to check for any changes.
Contact Information
To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at:
AgriGold
5381 Akin Road
St. Francisville, IL 62460
800-262-7333
AgriGold® and Design, AgReliant Genetics® and Design, AdvantageAcre® , We Know Corn™, Corn Specialist™, and Giants™ are trademarks and servicemarks of AgReliant Genetics, LLC.