https://agxplore.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Updated September 10, 2020
Welcome to the AgXplore website (“Site”). AgXplore International, LLC (“AgXplore” or “we” or “us”) respect your privacy and we are committed to protecting your Personal Information. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, share, and use your Personal Information, and how you can exercise your privacy rights. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand our practices and your rights.
Information We Collect
This Privacy Policy only applies to information that you disclose to us or that we collect from you when you use our AgXplore website (“Site”). We collect both Personal Information and Non-Personal Information. Information that identifies or can be used to identify a natural person, such as name, email, mailing address or cell number is “Personal Information”; and information that cannot be used to identify a natural person is “Non-Personal Information”. This Privacy Policy does not apply to Personal Information you may provide to us through tradeshows or contests, which you permit us to collect when your purchase our products or services. Non-Personal Information is information. You are not obligated to provide Personal Information in order to use our Site for informational purposes.
For purposes of the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) we collect the following Personal Information: your first and last name, either your cell number or email (the choice at your option), and your mailing address.
How We Collect Your Personal Information
We may collect your Personal Information through any of the following means:
When you submit information through the Site in connection with an assessment request;
When submit other information requests through the Site or via email or text;
When you provide any additional Personal Information during our response to your requests;
When you request technical support;
When you submit a job application to us;
When you conduct search queries on the Site; or
When provided to us as part of aggregated data through our CRM.
How We Use and Share Your Personal Information
When you request an assessment, you will be asked to complete the online form fields and submit them through the Site. We will share this information with our sales team, and you will be contacted either by cell or by email (based on the information you provided) to discuss your company’s needs and requirements. Our online assessment form allows us to respond to you efficiently and assist you quickly.
We may combine Non-Personal Information with Personal Information into aggregate information databases in order to improve the Site, our products and/or services. We may also aggregate mailing addresses for use in targeted marketing campaigns and to help us identify new and more effective marketing efforts. We may also use your name, cell phone number and/or mailing address for direct mail or directly marketing campaigns that may be of interest to you.
We may disclose your Personal Information to certain agencies that we directly engage to assist us with analyzing the data we collect and to educate us on best practices for efficiently using that data in external marketing and/or advertising campaigns. We will not permit these agencies to disclose your Personal Information to any third parties or to use your Personal Information outside of our own business purposes.
We may also use your email or cell phone to respond to your inquires or questions and to respond to your requests for technical support. We may contact you by email to provide you with information about and updates to our Site, products and/or services, notices regarding technical support or downtime, notices regarding changes to this Privacy Policy or other Site terms, and for outbound marketing communications. You may opt-out of any of these communications by following the instructions in the section below titled “Right to Opt-Out and Update.”
How We Collect Your Non-Personal Information
We collect Non-Personal Information through the use of General Tracking Information and Click Path Tracking (cookie technology) described below.
General Tracking Information
Our web server automatically tracks pages visited by our users and collects some user information such as your IP address. Your IP address is a number that is used by computers connected to the Internet to identify your computer so that data (such as the web pages you request) can be sent to you. We aggregate this data with data on the pages visited by other users to track overall visitor traffic patterns so that we can improve our website by making it more responsive to the needs and preferences of our users.
Click Path Tracking
We use technologies — such as cookies, beacons, tags, and scripts — to analyze trends, administer the website, track users’ movements around the website, and gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies on an individual as well as an aggregated basis.
Protecting Your Personal Information
To reduce the possibility of unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place a number of physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to help protect the information we collect through the Site. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee the security of your Personal Information that is transmitted to and from our Site. Any transmission of Personal Information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures used on the Site.
Consent and Updates
Subject to your right to opt-out under the circumstances described below, by using our Site, you consent to our use of your Personal Information as described in this Privacy Policy. We may change the terms of this Privacy Policy in our sole discretion from time to time and will update the date of this Privacy Policy accordingly. Please check the terms of this Privacy Policy for updates. Your continued use of the Site indicates your consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy as of the effective date set forth above.
Right to OptOut and Update
You may opt-out of email and cell phone communications unless these communications are necessary to respond to your request, are required by law, or provide you with information regarding use of the Site, technical support updates, or privacy issues. We will limit or cease other communications with you based on your opt-out request. We will also cease sharing your Personal Information with our third-party agencies if you request us to cease sharing this information. You may exercise your opt-out options by sending an email to: info@agxplore.com or, for emails, by using the “unsubscribe” or similar links in the email you received. We will have up to 30 days to process email and cell phone communication opt-out requests. We may have up to 90 days to inform third party agents to cease using your Personal Information for our business purposes, subject to the CCPA, if applicable to you. Non-Personal Information may be used for such purposes in the aggregate.
Linking Policy
As a service to you, our pages on our Site may contain links to pages on third party web sites (“Third Party Sites”) containing blogs, articles, and other information that has not been created by us but which may be of interest to you (“Third Party Content”). If you choose to link on a Third Party Site, please be aware that we do not own or control Third Party Sites or any Third Party Content, and a link from our Site to a Third Party Site does not imply does our affiliation, approval, or endorsement or the Third Party Site or any of its Third Party Content. You are responsible for determining the integrity and reliability of the Third Party Content. We are not responsible for the accuracy or opinions expressed in any Third Party Content or the value to you of any Third Party Site. We will not, and are under no obligation to, investigate, monitor or check any Third Party Sites for accuracy or completeness, or for any obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic, indecent, profane, defamatory or unlawful content or materials. We disclaim and you release us from any and all liability arising from any Third Party Sites and/or Third Party Content. of the linked Web site by us.
Please recognize that when you link from our Site to a Third Party Site our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. Any information you actively or inactively (through cookies) provide through browsing and/or interaction on any Third Party Site will be governed by the privacy policy displayed on that Third Party Site. We are not responsible for the security or privacy practices employed by the owners of any Third Party Sites.
Guidelines for Children
We do not specifically collect information from or about children nor do we market the Site to children. We have no reason to believe that our Site or the products or services offered through the Site will attract children, or that children will access the Site or provide Personal Information through the Site.
California Residents’ Rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act
If you are a California resident the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) applies to you. The CCPA requires Privacy Policies to include the following information categories relevant to Personal Information we have collected and used during the preceding 12 months (collectively, the “Personal Information Categories”): (1) the categories of Personal information we collected about you, (2) the categories of sources from which your Personal Information was collected, (3) the business purpose(s) for which we collected your Personal Information, and (4) the categories of third parties with whom we have shared your Personal Information These Personal Information Categories are covered in the sections of this Privacy Policy titled “How We Collect Your Personal Information” and “How We Use and Share Your Personal Information”. These sections will be updated once every twelve months to reflect any changes to these Personal Information Categories.
In addition to the foregoing, if you are a California resident, you may request that we disclose to you how your Personal Information was applied to each of the Personal Information Categories during the preceding 12 months. You may request disclosure of this information twice during any 12 month period by contacting info@agxplore.com or by calling 1-833-534-0599. We will provide you with the Personal Information Categories as applicable to your Personal Information within 45 days of any verifiable request, provided, that we reserve the right to extend this period for an additional 45 days if necessary to verify your information and the veracity of your request. We will notify you of any such extension prior to the end of the initial 45 day period. The information will be provided to you at no cost either by mail or electronically.
Pursuant to the section titled “Right to OptOut and Update” you may opt-out of this service and request that we cease sharing your Personal Information with unaffiliated third parties by contacting info@agxplore.com, or by clicking on the following link: “Do Not Sell My Personal Information.” We will cease sharing your Personal Information with third parties within 30 days of your request. In addition to your right to opt-out from having your Personal Information shared with third parties, you may also request that we delete from our company database any Personal Information that we have collected about you.
Exceptions
We will not be obligated to comply with your deletion request if our retention of your Personal Information is necessary for us to comply with any of the following:
(a) provide you with a good or service you have requested, or to complete a particular transaction in process for which your Personal Information was collected, or to otherwise perform a contract entered into between us;
(b) detect a security incident, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity; or prosecute those responsible for that activity;
(c) debug to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality;
(d) exercise free speech, ensure the right of another customer or consumer to exercise his or her right of free speech, or exercise another right provided for by law;
(e) comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act;
(f) engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, whereby our deletion of your Personal Information is likely to render impossible or seriously impair the achievement of such research, as long as you have provided your consent;
(g) necessary for our internal business operations that are reasonably aligned with your expectations and our business relationship;
(h) comply with a legal obligation; or
(i) use your Personal Information internally, in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which you have provided us with the Personal Information.
Copyright Infringement
If you believe that any content displayed on our Site infringes your copyright, please notify us of your copyright infringement claim in accordance with the procedures listed below.
We will process notices of alleged infringement and will take appropriate action as required by the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) and other applicable intellectual property laws. The DMCA requires that notifications of claimed copyright infringement should be sent to our Site’s Designated Agent who is:
Name: Monica Wood, Marketing Supervisor
AgXplore International, LLC
Address: 7035 State Highway D, Parma, MO 63870
Phone Number: 573-357-4506 or toll free 833-534-0599
Email: info@agxplore.com
Your notice must be in writing and contain the following information (DMCA, 17 U.S.C. §512(c)(3)):
Physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;
Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site;
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the material;
Information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted;
A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or concerns about the way the AgXplore uses Personal Information, please contact us at: info@agxplore.com.