http://aiaaoc.com/privacy-policy/
HomeAboutServicesQualityContact
Contact UsCareersPrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Allen Integrated Assemblies, a division of Allen Organ Company, LLC, (“AIA”, “us”, “we”, or “our”) operates www.aiaaoc.com (referred to as the “Site”). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Site. By using the Site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Web Site Terms of Use, also found on our Home Page.
Information Collection and Use of Personal Information
While using our Site, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to, your name, e-mail address, postal address and phone number. We use this information to respond to customer service requests or inquiries, distribute our electronic newsletter and/or marketing communications.
Electronic and Web Browsing Information We Gather
If your browser sends information when you use our Site, we reserve the right to collect this data. This may include your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, and pages visited, the time and date, the time spent on those pages and other statistics. This information does not include Personal Information. We may use third party tools and analytical services to gather and analyze the information collected in order to improve our Site and conduct marketing research and analysis. We employ the Google Analytics software, which does set a cookie, to obtain traffic analysis data. You may install the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on to opt-out of reporting data to Google.
Information Sharing
Personal Information you provide will only be used by Allen Integrated Assemblies, Allen Organ Company or its representatives. This information will not be given, sold or distributed to any other parties.
Our Site may contain links to other web sites of interest. We cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information provided while visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement.
How We Use Cookies
A cookie is a small file that asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic. Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better web site, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but can be modified to decline cookies if you prefer.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
AIA may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes.
Questions about This Privacy Policy
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, or how we use your information, please email us.
Click here for Terms of Use
Leave this field empty if you're human:
Allen Integrated Assemblies © 2018. All rights reserved.