https://aibd.org/privacy-policy/
800-366-2423
info@aibd.org
7059 Blair RD, St. 400
Washington, DC 20012
Menu
Home
Professionals
Join AIBD
Code of Ethics
Education
Member Opportunities
Committees and Councils
College of Fellows
High Performance Homes Team
Residential Design Index
State Architecture Boards
FAQ for Professionals
Consumers
Getting Started
FAQ for Consumers
Find a Design Professional
What is a Building Designer?
Why Hire a Building Designer?
Free Guide
Managing Your Project
Awards
Residential Design Awards (ARDA)
Building Design Awards
Designer of the Year
Certifications
Find a Member
Chapters
E & O +
Calendar
Conferences
News
Subscribe
Newsletter
Blog
AIBD Magazine
Submissions
About
What We Believe
History
Leadership
Privacy Policy
Store
Contact
File a Complaint
Member Center
Jobs
Search
Who We Are
This is the American Institute of Building Design (“AIBD”) Internet Privacy Policy. You can write to use at 7059 Blair Road NW, Suite 400, Washington, DC 20012. We can be reached by email at info@aibd.org, or you can call us at 202-750-4900.
AIBD and its Councils value individual privacy and we want to give our members and website visitors the opportunity to know what information we collect about them and how they can limit the use of personally-identifiable information beyond the purposes for which they first provided it. At all times, however, AIBD reserves the right to disclose information where required by law or to comply with valid legal process (such as a search warrant, subpoena or court order), to protect AIBD’s rights or property, including without limitation in the event of a transfer of control of AIBD or substantially all of its assets, or during emergencies when safety is at risk.
The Information We Collect
Personally Identifiable Information.  We collect your email address if you communicate with us by email, as well as other information that you might supply voluntarily.
We may use this information to respond to an email or other inquiry or request, to help improve our website and our services, to customize your experience at our website, or to send updates or notices about our organization and the products we offer that we think may be of interest to you. We may also combine this information with other generally or publicly available information o help us identify visitor’s preference or interests. We may provide information that identifies you to companies that assist us in these activities, such as helping us fulfill your request for a product, service or information.
AIBD collects information from its members (including names, addresses, business phone numbers, business fax numbers and email addresses) for inclusion in a membership directory that is distributed only to the Institute’s members. Access to directory information is also available only to AIBD’s members on AIBD’s website. Further, only with the express approval of the AIBD governing members, AIBD may occasionally provide limited data to third parties offering exclusive member benefit programs that include products and services for available to AIBD members; such as HP, Fedex, etc.
From AIBD Members, Conference Registrants, Other Customers and Website Guests. To gain access to members-only and guests-only resources and personalization features on AIBDmember.org and CPBD.info, members and other users are asked to register and provide some limited information. This information is submitted voluntarily. AIBD asks users to provide their name, organization name, business phone, and e-mail. Similar information may be submitted to AIBD through membership applications, conference or seminar registration, publication orders, subscriptions, and contest registrations. Additionally, for some e-mails sent in HTML format by AIBD to its members through its list server and electronic newsletters, we will collect specific information regarding what the recipient does with that email. For those emails, AIBD will monitor whether a recipient subsequently clicks through to links provided in the message. Other information collected through this tracking feature includes: email address of a user, the date and time of the user's "click," a message number, name of the list from which the message was sent, tracking URL number and destination page. AIBD only uses this information to enhance its products and distribution of those products to its members. This information is not sold or distributed in any other manner.
Children’s Privacy
AIBD’s website is intended for adults. AIBD does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If AIBD obtains knowledge that it has personally identifiable information about a child under 13 in retrievable form in its files, AIBD will delete that information from our existing files.
How You Can Control and Update Data About You?
We want to be sure that we keep only the most accurate and up-to-date information about you in our records. Therefore, whenever you believe that your contact information needs to be updated, you can email us at info@aibd.org to correct or update your contact information. In addition, you may access your personal information online at www.AIBDmember.org or www.CPBD.info.
You may choose at any time to remove your name, telephone and fax numbers, and postal and email addresses from the lists we use to send notices or updates and elect not to receive correspondence from us by email at info@aibd.org, by using the “opt out” link at the bottom of any electronic correspondence or the “opt out” portion of the personal information section  within your account at www.AIBDmember.org or www.CPBD.info.
Users may request that AIBD refrain from disclosing to third parties the data it collects on its membership application form or any other form on which users are providing information by email at info@aibd.org or the “opt out” portion of the personal information section  within your account at www.AIBDmember.org or www.CPBD.info.
Other internet sites you visit – including those linked from the AIBD websites – may have their own privacy policies or no policy at all. Other websites might use personal information differently than our policy permits. We strongly encourage you to review the privacy policies of any site before providing any personal information.
How Does AIBD Use Data Collected?
AIBD use information voluntarily submitted by members and other customers in the following ways:
AIBD Member Services and Products. Generally, AIBD and its Councils use data collected to improve its own web content; to respond to visitors' interests, needs and preferences; and to develop new products and services.
Disclosures to Third Parties. AIBD also makes member contact information available through the AIBD Membership Directory to other members using its websites and to those who register for its conferences. AIBD does not offer data for sale to third parties.
Consent to Use Personal Information. For the purposes of the Data Protection Act(s) 1984 and 1998 (as applicable), AIBD, its Councils or its agents must store, host and otherwise process the information (including personal data) supplied by the User when registering for its Websites. User supplies as defined above when registering for the Website in order to allow AIBD (or its designated agents) to use the information to send the User unsolicited direct mail advertisements, promotions, and solicitations for third parties' products and services.
Credit Card Account Information. AIBD does not disclose credit card account information provided by its members and customers. When members and customers choose to pay using their credit cards, we will redirected visitors to a secure server and encrypt this information between your computer and our server.
How Does AIBD Use Cookies?
AIBD does not enable “cookies” on our website with one exception. A cookie is used in website system administration to keep track of movement of an individual use from one screen to another. This information may be used by our staff to detect and resolve website problems and to assist with customer support. We do not collect any personally identifiable information about site visitors in this process.
We may use this information, in aggregate form, for system maintenance and to better understand how our visitors use our site and services so that we can make them better. AIBD may also share statistical or demographic information in aggregate form with third parties for marketing or research purposes. This aggregate data will no contain any information that personally identifies you.
What Privacy Issues Arise With Links To Other Sites?
AIBD websites contain links to other websites. AIBD has no control over and is not responsible for the privacy policies or content of such sites.
What Means Of Redress Are Available?
If any User suspects AIBD has handled its personal information in a manner that does not comply with this privacy statement, please contact us by e-mailing to info@aibd.org or by calling 202.750.4900.
Data Integrity and Security
We use state-of-the-art technology to keep any information you provide as secure as possible. We also have in place privacy protection control contractual obligations with our vendors designed to ensure that personal data is protected from unauthorized access or disclosure. All AIBD employees must abide by AIBD’s Privacy Policy. Only authorized employees are permitted to have access to personally-identifiable data about website visitors, and that access is limited to what is reasonably needed to perform an employee’s responsibilities, such as providing updates or notices or customer services. Employees who violate our privacy policies are subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination.
About AIBD
The AIBD is meeting the challenge of the future by educating members about new and improved building materials and technology that will impact how we live in the future. In response to the ever changing needs of the design profession, the AIBD board of directors established the National Council of Building Designer Certification (NCBDC), and has charged its leadership with overseeing the Designer Certification Program. For those who have chosen the profession of building design, there is no greater evidence of competency than achieving the status of Certified Professional Building Designer (CPBD). Application for this certification is available to building designers, architects and engineers - both professional members of the AIBD and non-AIBD members - who qualify.
Search
Contact Info
7059 Blair RD, St. 400
Washington, DC 20012
Phone:800-366-2423
E-mail:info@aibd.org
Website:https://aibd.org
© American Institute of Building Design All Rights Reserved
Design by HLCS.us