https://aidinc.com/about-us/privacy/
323 845 1155
Facebook
Facebook
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Audio Intervisual Design
Privacy Policy
Audio Intervisual Design
Audio Intervisual Design (AID) is based in Los Angeles and specializes in both product sales and complete system integration with first class training and support for the media production industry in the United States and Canada. AID represents over 100 audio/video technology brands and sells to both individuals and major production, broadcast and music facilities, from a single mic, to large audio post facility systems integration.
AID Privacy Policy
AID operates the aidinc.com website. AID is committed to protecting your privacy, and that includes protecting the privacy of any data you share with us.
We don’t share your personal information with anyone except to comply with the law, develop our products, or protect our rights.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to AID’s SSL Secure websites choose to interact with us in ways that require AID to gather personally-identifying information. Contact, Incident Report Support forms, and requests for us to include customers in email lists for Email News Updates only include Name, Email Address, Country and State.
Data we collect from interactions with customers at industry related shows and events can also include an Address, Phone number and business information such as Company Name and Title. Where we personally visit or interact with customers, during our sales and support operations, and via email or phone, we may collect contact information for use during the normal execution of our sales and integration business.
In each case, AID collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with AID. AID does not disclose personally-identifying information to any 3rd parties and the information is used solely for our own sales, marketing, and support operations. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related and sales activities.
Financial transaction information with our customers is handled in a separate secure CRM system from our web site, email platforms, exhibition and general sales contact data. The AID website does not include e-commerce capabilities so no financial transactions occur through our AID website.
We do not intentionally collect sensitive personal data. Sensitive personal data is data of the kind regulated by Article 9 or Article 10 of the GDPR, such as personal identity numbers; financial account information; information concerning racial or ethnic origin; political opinions; religious, philosophical, or other beliefs; membership in trade unions or professional or trade associations; physical or mental health information; biometric data; genetic data; data concerning sexual activity or orientation; or data concerning criminal records or suspected criminal activity.
Additionally, we do not intentionally collect personal data from anyone under the age of eighteen (18), and to the extent reasonably possible we take steps to verify that you are a legal adult when we collect data from you. By using our website, products, or services, and by submitting any data to us, you warrant that you are eighteen (18) years of age or older.
What about data we obtain from third parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. Sometimes we may obtain your personal data from a third party, either through the use of our website or through some of our products or services. Due to the nature of our business, it is possible that we may even obtain your data unsolicited from a third party. We may also obtain your personal data from our business related partners through contractual relationships or through software they develop. We apply the same standards of security and privacy to all personal data in our possession, and you have rights with respect to your data regardless of its source.
Do we share your data?
We may transfer your data to our business related partners, some of whom may be located in other countries. We strive to do business only with partners who uphold high standards of data privacy and security, and whenever we transfer data to a third party, we take steps to make sure that the data will remain secure and private as required by applicable law and our internal guidelines. Sometimes we may be required to share your data for specific purposes. These purposes may include:
In order for us to comply with a legal obligation or to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud or crime
In order to detect or correct technical or security issues
In order to apply or enforce our Terms and Conditions, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of us, you, our customers, our business related partners, others, or the public
In order to maintain continuity of service in the event that we sell or liquidate some or all of our business or assets
Additionally, our website may contain links to our business related partners or other third parties. Please understand that those websites have their own policies, and we do not accept any responsibility or liability for your use of those websites or any products or services available there.
Aggregated Statistics
AID collects statistics about the behavior of visitors to its website via Google Analytics. When applicable we analyze this information to improve our website, improve the products and services we provide, and to protect us and you from malicious web activity. Additionally, Goggle Analytics uses cookies to obtain your IP address, browser information, and information about the technology you use to interact with us by placing a piece of software into your browser. If you wish to change the way cookies work or remove them, you can do so by changing your browser’s preferences or settings. Doing so will not impact the way the website appears or functions for you.
Google Analytics (https://policies.google.com/privacy)
Bulk Email Communications
We use the secure Mailchimp platform to provide news and technical support updates to our contact lists. We provide, via Mailchimp, the ability to unsubscribe and we also honor any requests to delete contact information. AID may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with AID and our product brands.
MailChimp (https://www.mailchimp.com/legal/privacy)
Where is your data stored?
We are a business located in the United States. When we store your data, it is stored in the United States. However, data we collect may be routed or transferred internationally by us or by our business related partners during the course of providing products and services to you and others.
How do we ensure your data is secure?
We take a number of steps to ensure that data we collect is protected from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction, including the following:
Our web service is encrypted using SSL.
We regularly review our data collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical and electronic security measures.
We restrict access to your personal data to only those employees, agents, and business related partners who need access to it in order to deliver requested products and services.
All of our employees, agents, and business related partners are subject to strict confidentiality and nondisclosure obligations, the violation of which may result in termination and/or liability.
What rights do you have with respect to your personal data?
You have a right to know if we have any of your personal data and to have access to that data, and you have the right to have any incorrect personal data corrected. If you have given us consent to have or use your data, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. You also have the right to have your personal data erased or to transport your data.  You may contact us at any time to exercise any of these rights.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.