https://airfloatsystems.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Airfloat Systems, LLC has created this privacy statement to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy.
Privacy Statement for Airfloat Systems, LLC
The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website:
We use the IP addresses of website visitors to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our website. Our website’s contact forms require users to give us contact information (such as their name and email address). We use website visitor contact information from the contact form to send the user information about our services. The customer’s contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.This site contains links to other sites. Airfloat Systems, LLC is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such linked websites.Our website uses contact forms for website users to request information on our services. We collect visitor’s contact information, such as their email address. Contact information from forms is used to send information to our website users. Website user contact information is also used to get in touch with them when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
Security
This website has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. We use industry-standard SSL encryption to scramble information on the way to and from the website server. Our servers are protected and require user authentication for access.
Opt-In / Opt-Out of Communications from Airfloat Systems, LLC
Our website provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us.
This website gives users the following options for removing their information from our database so as to not receive future communications, or to no longer receive our service.
Email sales@airfloatsys.comSend a request by mail to:Webmaster110 Second Street, Verona, MS 38879
Correct / Update Your Contact Information
This website gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided.
Email sales@airfloatsys.comSend a request by mail to:Webmaster110 Second Street, Verona, MS 38879
Products
StrongBox™
PrintPad
Glas-Skin
About
Why Choose us
Shipping & Returns
Contact Us
Support
Help
Login/My Account
Forgot Password
Follow
Top