http://airmic.com/terms-and-conditions
Skip to main content
Home
Library
Events
Learn and Develop
Marketplace
News
Mentoring
Join
Community
Home
Library
Events
Learn and Develop
Marketplace
News
Mentoring
Join
Community
Menu
Terms and Conditions
This page forms part of a wider collection of pages on our website which pertain to your privacy. See the other pages here:
Privacy policy
Cookie policy
Social media policy
If you are a member and wish to update your communication preferences, please visit your profile page.
The Airmic website (Website)
These terms and conditions ("Terms") govern your use of the websites located at https://airmic.com and any other website(s) we may operate (together, the "Website"). Please read through the Terms. If you do not agree with the Terms do not use the Website. If you do use the Website your conduct indicates that you agree to be bound by the Terms, whether you are using the Website as a guest user or registered user.
Regulatory and legal information
The Website is operated by Airmic Limited ("Airmic", "we" or "us"). We are registered in England and Wales under company number 01345758 and have our registered address at Marlow House, 1a Lloyd's Avenue, London EC3N 3AA. Our VAT registration number is GB 228 6997 09. You are entering into these Terms with Airmic.
Copyright notices
Except as otherwise noted, all intellectual property rights in respect of the items and materials that appear within the Website ("Content") are owned and/or controlled by Airmic including the design, text, graphics and arrangement of the Content.
You may retrieve and display the Content on a computer screen or other device and print individual pages on paper and/or store such pages in electronic form on a local hard disk or removable storage device for your personal non-commercial use, but not on any server or other storage device connected to a network.
Except as expressly set out in this 'Copyright notices' section you may not reproduce, modify, store, archive or in any way commercially exploit any of the Content. In particular you may not do any of the following without the prior written consent of Airmic:
redistribute any Content; or
remove the copyright or trademark notice from any copies of Content made in accordance with these Terms.
Requests to publish and distribute the Content should be addressed to website@airmic.com
"Airmic", "Airmic Ltd" plus logo and the Airmic logo on its own are trademarks of Airmic. Unauthorised use is prohibited. Requests for use of the logo should be sent to website@airmic.com
General disclaimer
Whilst every effort has been made to ensure the high quality and accuracy of the Website, Airmic is providing the Website on an "AS IS, AS AVAILABLE" "WITH ALL FAULTS" basis to users. You use the Website at your own risk. Airmic does not give any warranties in respect of Website, the Content, and any software or services available through the Website. Save to the extent prohibited by law, we exclude all conditions, warranties, representations or other terms which may apply to the Website, the Content, and any software or services available through the Website, whether express or implied.
Additionally Airmic gives no warranty that the Website is free from infection by viruses or anything else that has contaminating or destructive properties and disclaims liability for any losses or damage arising from this.
The Content may contain technical inaccuracies and typographical errors. The Content may be updated from time to time and may at times be out of date. Airmic accepts no responsibility for keeping the Content up to date or liability for any failure to do so, though we will always try to ensure this is the case.
From time to time the Website, or parts of the Website, will be unavailable due to maintenance or system error. Airmic is not responsible for any actions that are not able to be carried out during this time, including making any subscription payment.
Third parties and external websites
The Website contains material submitted and created by third parties. Airmic excludes all liability for any illegality arising from or error, omission or inaccuracy in such material.
You may access third party websites through links contained on the Website. These third party websites are not under the control of Airmic and Airmic is not responsible for the availability of these websites or their content. Any links provided on the Website are provided for your interest or convenience only and do not represent or imply any endorsement of such linked websites by Airmic. You acknowledge your use of these third-party websites governed by the terms and conditions of use applicable to each website.
You may place a link from your website to the Website provided you follow the following guidelines:
not to replicate the Content;
not to create a frame or border environment around the Content;
not to in any way imply that Airmic is endorsing your website or its products or services;
not to present false information about Airmic;
not to use any of Airmic's trademarks without prior written consent of Airmic;
ensure your website does not include content which would be construed as distasteful, controversial or offensive;
ensure your website does not infringe any intellectual property or other rights of any third parties;
Airmic expressly reserves the right to request that any link in breach of these Terms be removed and to take whatever other action it deems appropriate.
Advertising and sponsorship
Part of the Website may contain advertising and sponsorship. Advertisers and sponsors are responsible for ensuring that materials submitted for inclusion on the Website comply with international and national law. Airmic is not liable for any error or inaccuracy in advertising material.
Website Privacy Statement
The following terms set out our privacy practices regarding the Website.
Read our Airmic Limited Privacy Statement
This Privacy Statement explains our data processing practices relating to your personal data collected through this website. If you have any requests concerning your personal information (Personal Data) contact website@airmic.com and for any queries about this website, please contact us by email at website@airmic.com
Any Personal Data we collect from the Website will be used in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 and other applicable laws.
Personal Data (name, address, email address etc) is collected when you register on the site and also when you complete one of our online forms.
Airmic uses Personal Data collected via the website to update our membership records, for marketing purposes (such as providing you with membership updates or details of products and services that we think will be of interest to you) and for the processing of any payments made by you through this website. If you object to our processing your Personal Data in this way, you may at any time ask us to stop, either by e-mailing website@airmic.com or writing to: Airmic, Marlow House, 1a Lloyd's Avenue, London EC3N 3AA. Members have the right to apply for a copy of their personal data collected via the website and to have any inaccuracies corrected.
We will keep a record of any orders you make through the site (eg event attendance). We will not retain any of your credit/debit card details however these details may be retained by third parties who we ask to process payments on our behalf.
Unless otherwise stated, we will NOT pass your Personal Data to any third party for marketing purposes.
The privacy statement does not apply to third party sites.
Use of cookies on the Website
To find out about how cookies are used on the Website, and your choices regarding them, please see here.
Security
To use some parts of the Website you must choose a password. You must keep your password secure, not share it with anyone or let them access your Website account, nor do anything else that may jeopardise the security of your account. You should choose a secure password, such as a combination of upper and lower-case letters, numbers and special characters and avoid commonly guessed words or phrases. You should also change your password regularly although we will not prompt you to do so. If you know or suspect that anyone other than you knows your password you must promptly notify us at website@airmic.com. You are liable for any use or access to the Website undertaken using your password, except where we have been advised by you of any loss, misuse or disclosure of your password.
The Website uses 128bit encryption on certain pages where you may input Personal Data. You can check if you are in a secure environment by looking for either a locked padlock icon or https in the website address field.
We use a third-party provider, Sage Pay Europe Limited (registered number 07492608) (Sage Pay), for the processing of payments through the Website. Sage Pay has its own systems in place to ensure the security of data received and processed by it.
Your profile
We try to ensure that all details inputted or updated via 'Your profile' are subsequently accurately reflected in your membership details that we hold. Whilst we use our best endeavours to ensure this, we cannot rule out entirely that there may be a system or process error, so please check your membership details once you have inputted or updated information via 'My profile'.
Third party offers and promotions
Airmic always seeks to offer attractive third party benefits as part of membership and, as such, from time to time, may add, withdraw or amend these benefits at its discretion.
User generated content
The Website offers users the facility to post comments, reviews and ratings, which will be visible on the Website to other users. Airmic is not responsible for the content of these posts, and some of them may also include comments that do not reflect Airmic's views.  If you post content to the Website, then you must abide by our Social Media Policy. If you see content that you feel is not in keeping with our Social Media Policy, then please use the Report comment function or email website@airmic.com. We do not monitor posts, and reserve the right to remove any post without explanation.
Jurisdiction
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales. Any dispute arising out of or relating to these Terms will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
General
Nothing in these Terms excludes or limits our liability for death or personal injury arising from our negligence, or for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, or any other liability that cannot be excluded by law. You agree that the disclaimers, exclusions and limitations on our liability set out in these Terms are reasonable in light of the nature of the Website and the technology used to provide the Website.
If any part of these Terms is disallowed or found to be ineffective by any court or regulator, the other provisions shall continue to apply.
If you breach these Terms and we take no action against you, we will still be entitled to use our rights and remedies in any other situation where you breach these Terms.
We may transfer our rights or obligations or sub-contract our obligations under these Terms to another other legal entity. These Terms are personal to you. You may not transfer your rights or obligations under these Terms to anyone else.
These Terms constitute the entire agreement and understanding of you and us relating to these Terms and supersedes any previous agreement or understanding between you and us in relation to the same. Neither you nor we have relied on any statement, representation, warranty, understanding, undertaking, promise or assurance (whether negligently or innocently made) of any person that is not set out in these Terms.
No provision of these Terms shall be modified or varied without the written consent of you and us.
These Terms are not intended to give rights to anyone except you and us.
Changes to these Terms
We may revise these Terms at any time by amending this page and posting about such change on the Website. Please check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we made, as they are binding on you if you continue to access the Website after the date of the change.
These Terms were last updated on 21 July 2020