http://airmic.com/privacy-statement
Skip to main content
Home
Library
Events
Learn and Develop
Marketplace
News
Mentoring
Join
Community
Home
Library
Events
Learn and Develop
Marketplace
News
Mentoring
Join
Community
Menu
Privacy statement
This page forms part of a wider collection of pages on our website which pertain to your privacy. See the other pages here:
Cookie policy
Website terms and conditions
Social media policy
If you are a member and wish to update your communication preferences, please visit your profile page.
What does this privacy notice do?
This privacy notice  explains what personal information about you we will or may collect, how it is used, who we share it with and your rights as a data subject.
We confirm that we comply with the General Data Protection Regulations (“GDPR”) and the Data Protection Act 2018 (“DPA”).
This privacy policy covers all types of Personal Data (as defined in the DPA (Data) which essentially covers most personal information that we hold about you as an individual. This privacy policy applies to you, because if you deal with us (for example by applying for or renewing membership) we may  hold and use such information in accordance with the contents of this document , the GDPR and the DPA.
Please read this document carefully and keep a copy for your future reference.
Who are 'we'?
The Data Controller for your Data is the Airmic Limited (company registration number 01345758) of Marlow House, 1a Lloyds Avenue, London, EC3N 3AA.
The categories of personal information that we process include:
Your name
The company you work for
Your contact details including;
Your email address
the postal address of your workplace
your telephone number
Telephone calls may be recorded and will be used for training, monitoring and other purposes as Airmic Limited may require from time to time.
Why we collect and use this information
Your Data may be used subject to the  GDPR legal bases described in brackets, in respect of :
the assessment of your application for, or renewal or continuation of, your membership of Airmic Limited (contract);
the administration of your membership (or application for or renewal of membership) of Airmic Limited (contract);
the provision of other membership benefits and information relating thereto (contract);
your use of our website (legitimate interests);
research and statistical analysis (legitimate interests);
compliance and audit (legitimate interests);
training (legitimate interests);
systems development and repair (legitimate interests);
provision of marketing information and all related purposes (consent) .
Collecting this information
We will receive Data either from you when you contact us (including where you provide Data through our websites). In some circumstances, we will receive Data from third parties who provide services to us or to our members. We may also receive Data from regulatory or professional bodies, or your employer.
For how long is your personal data held?
Unless we explain otherwise to you, we’ll hold your personal information based on the following criteria:
For as long as we have reasonable business needs, such as managing our relationship with you and managing our operations
For as long as we provide goods and/or services to you and then for as long as someone could bring a claim against us; and/or
Retention periods in line with legal and regulatory requirements or guidance
Who we share this information with
We share this information with third parties for the purposes listed above including third parties who are contracted to provide services to us or to you relating to the Permitted Purposes or to our legal advisers, regulatory or professional bodies.
We will also disclose your Data where necessary in order to comply with any legal or regulatory obligations or codes of practice to which we are subject or in order to enforce or apply Airmic Limited's Memorandum and Articles of Association, the terms of any insurance policy or other obligations which you owe to us or a Permitted User or to protect the rights, property, or safety of any Permitted User, its customers or others.
Transfer outside the EEA
Data may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (EEA). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. We will take all reasonable steps necessary to ensure that your Data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy and any relevant data transfer laws and regulations.
Some parts of our website use cookies to facilitate the functioning of the website and to gather website usage statistics. Further information about the use of cookies on our website and your options in relation to them can be found at https://www.airmic.com/terms-and-conditions
Who will we give your Data to?
We may share your Data among Permitted Users. We may also provide your Data
We will not pass your Data to third parties for marketing or promotional purposes.
What rights do you have?
The right to be informed about the processing of your personal information
The right to have your personal information corrected if it is inaccurate and to have incomplete personal information completed
The right to object to processing of your personal information
The right to restrict processing of your personal information
The right to have your personal information erased (the “right to be forgotten”)
The right to request access to your personal information and to obtain information about how we process it
The right to move, copy or transfer your personal information (“data portability”)
Rights in relation to automated decision making which has a legal effect or otherwise significantly affects you
You have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office which enforces data protection laws: https://ico.org.uk/. You can contact us using the details below
You can at any time in the future ask not to receive marketing or such other materials, including Airmic publications, information about new products and services from Airmic Limited by writing to the Airmic membership department at Marlow House, 1a Lloyd's Avenue, London EC3N 3AA or by sending an e-mail to membership@airmic.com.
Changes to this privacy policy
This privacy policy will be revised from time to time to reflect changes in practice, parties, technology and law. The most current version of the privacy policy, which can be reviewed at https://airmic.com/privacy-statement or obtained by contacting the Finance manager at Airmic, Marlow House, 1a Lloyd's Avenue, London EC3N 3AA, will be applicable to you and your Data at any time.
Website Privacy Policy
The following terms relate to our website Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Statement explains our data processing practices relating to your personal data collected through this website. If you have any requests concerning your personal information (Personal Data) contact website@airmic.com and for any queries about this website, please contact us by email at website@airmic.com
Any Personal Data we collect from the Website will be used in accordance with the Data Protection Act 2018 and other applicable laws.
Personal Data (name, address, email address etc) is collected when you register on the site and also when you complete one of our online forms.
Airmic uses Personal Data collected via the website to update our membership records, for marketing purposes (such as providing you with membership updates or details of products and services that we think will be of interest to you) and for the processing of any payments made by you through this website. If you object to our processing your Personal Data in this way, you may at any time ask us to stop, either by e-mailing website@airmic.com or writing to: Airmic, Marlow House, 1a Lloyd's Avenue, London EC3N 3AA. Members have the right to apply for a copy of their personal data collected via the website and to have any inaccuracies corrected.
We will keep a record of any orders you make through the site (eg event attendance). We will not retain any of your credit/debit card details however these details may be retained by third parties who we ask to process payments on our behalf.
Unless otherwise stated, we will NOT pass your Personal Data to any third party without your consent for marketing purposes.
The privacy statement does not apply to third party sites.
A number of other Permitted Users will be using your information if:
Your attendance at an Airmic event requires security to know who you are in advance
You are enrolled onto either our business excellence or leadership programmes for the purposes of communication on the programme.
You are paying for renewal of, or a new subscription
We may also share information with our partners before, during or after the annual conference or forums, workshops or other training events. This may be used for analytics, marketing or promotion purposes.
References to 'we' or 'us' include Permitted Users.
Airmic Events
Exhibitors at the Airmic Conference may ask to scan your conference pass barcode. By allowing your barcode to be scanned in this way the exhibitor may contact you in the future to provide information on their products and services.
By registering for Airmic Fest you agree that any sponsors you interact with may contact you to follow up on any conversations during the event.
This privacy statement was last updated on Wednesday 2 September 2020