https://airnimal.co/community/privacy-policy/
Airnimal
Menu
Technology
Products
Community
How to buy
Community
What’s your story?
Blog
Privacy Policy
Community
What's your story?
Blog
Privacy Policy
What's your story?MyStory@airnimal.euSend us your story
Privacy Policy
Cyclecentric Ltd, trading as Airnimal, promises not to use your details for any reason other than processing your order or informing you about the products and services we offer. We will not pass any of your details on to third parties for profit or otherwise.
Information we collect
Information you provide us
When you place an order, we need to know your name, email address, credit card billing address, delivery address, credit or debit card number and associated details. This allows us to process and fulfil your order and to notify you about your order status. We will also require a telephone number in case we need to contact you and for international orders this number may be given to our couriers in order to help with the delivery of your goods. We promise not to use these details for any reason other than processing your order or informing you about the products and services we offer. We will not pass any of your details on to third parties for profit or otherwise.
Information obtained from other sources
We may receive information about you from other sources, including third parties, such as service partners and partners with whom we offer co-branded services or engage in joint-marketing activities. We may also receive information about you from social media platforms. We will treat this information in the same way we treat information directly from you.
Buying from us
When you buy from us, you may be asked to provide information so that we can complete your purchase.
We collect: your name, phone number, email address, delivery/shipping address, and payment information. We use this information to complete your transaction, carry out any follow up with you about your purchase, help with any delivery issues, handle returns, and other issues related to the purchase. Processing your personal data for this purpose is necessary for the performance of the agreement we have with you. Please note, we do not store any payment or credit card information. We only use payment information in connection with the purchase.
How we use information
We use the data we collect to provide you with the products and services we offer, which includes using data to improve and personalise your experiences. We also use the data to communicate with you, for example, informing you about your account, new products or services available, security and other types of updates.
We use the data for the following purposes:
Product experience
We use data to provide, operate, and support the products and services we offer. This processing is necessary for the performance of the agreement we have with you.
Customer support
We use data to respond to customer enquiries, diagnose product problems, repair customers’ products and provide other customer care and support services.
Business operations
We use data to develop our business and enable us to operate, protect, make informed decisions, and report on the performance of our business.
Communication, marketing and advertising
We use the data we collect to deliver and personalise our communications with you. For example, we may contact you by email, or other means of electronic communication, to inform you about our new products or services, update you on an issue, or invite you to take part in events. If you do not wish to receive emails regarding our products and services you can unsubscribe from our newsletter at any time.
Helping our service
The use of your personal information may be necessary to perform the agreement you have with us. For example, to complete your purchase of our product, to register and maintain your account, to help with delivery issues, to handle returns, to register your system and to make sure that your product performs its basic functions in a secure way, or to respond to your requests.
Storage
We will retain your personal information for as long as we deem it necessary to provide services to you. Any information that you give us will be held on our central in-house database.
Your rights
We are using your personal information on the basis of your consent, you are entitled to withdraw that consent at any time. We process your personal information based on our legitimate interest, you have the right to object at any time to that use of your personal information.
We rely on you to ensure that your personal information is complete, accurate and up to date. Please do inform us promptly of any changes to or inaccuracies in your personal information.
If you only have a newsletter subscription you can change any details by clicking the “update subscription preferences” link in the newsletter footer.  Alternatively contact us on either info@airnimal.eu or +44 (0)1954 782020.
You have the right to ask for a copy of the information we hold about you.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites run by other organisations. This privacy policy applies only to our website‚ so we encourage you to read the privacy statements on the other websites you visit. We cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of other sites even if you access them using links from our website.
In addition, if you linked to our website from a third party site, we cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of the owners and operators of that third party site and recommend that you check the policy of that third party site.
Changes to Our Privacy Statement
We may modify or update this Statement when necessary, to reflect customer feedback and changes in our Service.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions about the use of your personal information, please email info@airnimal.eu . Unless otherwise stated, Airnimal is a data controller for personal data we collect through the Airnimal Products and Services subject to this Privacy Statement. Our address is 37 High Street, Longstanton, CB24 3BP.
Airnimal, 37 High Street, Longstanton, CB24 3BP is a  trading division of Cyclecentric Ltd.
Contact Us
Airnimal on Flickr
@AirnimalBikes
Privacy Policy
Links and credit Airnimal Folding Bikes are designed and developed in Cambridge, the cycling capital of the UK, and are ridden worldwide.
© Cyclecentric Ltd. Website Design.