https://airvacuumprocess.com/privacy-policy/
Toll Free: 866.660.0208 | PH:
281.866.9700 | FX: 281.866.9717
sales@airvacuumprocess.com
Available 24/7
Call and setup an account w/ us to order by PO.
Facebook
Privacy PolicyYou are here:HomePrivacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘Personally identifiable information’ (PII) is being used online. PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, Company Name or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you fill out a form or enter information on our site.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
Do we use ‘cookies’?
We do not use cookies for tracking purposes
Third Party Disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law’s reach stretches well beyond California to require a person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting personally identifiable information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals with whom it is being shared, and to comply with this policy. – See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
According to CalOPPA we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously
Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page or as a minimum on the first significant page after entering our website.
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word ‘Privacy’, and can be easily be found on the page specified above.
Users will be notified of any privacy policy changes:
On our Privacy Policy Page
Users are able to change their personal information:
By emailing us
By calling us
How does our site handle do not track signals?
We honor do not track signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, the nation’s consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children’s privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under 13.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
Air & Vacuum Process, Inc.
14090 FM 2920, Suite G-537
Tomball, Texas, 77377
USA
Email: sales@airvacuumprocess.com
281-866-9700
Last Edited on 2014-09-23
Resources
Product Datasheets & Brochures
How to Select a Compressed Air Dryer
Compressed Air Dehydration Presentation
Natural Gas Dehydration Presentation
Natural Gas Dryer Sizing
Request For Quote (RFQ)
Need help now?
Your Name (required)
Your Email (required)
Your Location (required)
Company Name
Your Question/Message (required)
Enter text from the image
Contact Information14090 FM 2920, Suite G-537
Tomball, TX 77377
Toll Free: 866-660-0208
PH: 281-866-9700
FX: 281-866-9717
Email: sales@airvacuumprocess.comFind us on:FacebookLinkedin
© 2019 Air & Vacuum Process, Inc.  All Rights Reserved.      Shop our store: SAVE BIG
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Bottom Minor Menu