https://ajaxsprings.com/about-ajax-wire-specialty-company/terms-of-use/
CALL TOLL-FREE!
855-966-2529
MenuHomeSpringsAt Ajax Wire, in addition to a growing list of stock springs, we carry a line of equivalent springs for Select-A-Spring, Century's Hardware line, Associated Spring, Lee Spring, Gardner Spring, Servalite, Midwest Spring and Curtis.Springs by TypeCompression SpringsBarrel Compression SpringsCone Compression SpringsDouble Cone Compression SpringsExtension SpringsExtension Hook SpringsTorsion SpringsSprings by MaterialBrass SpringsGalvanized Hard Drawn WireMusic Wire SpringsOil Tempered SpringsStainless Steel SpringsSprings by ManufacturerAjax SpringsAssociated/Lee Spring (equivalents)Century Spring (equivalents)Gardner Spring (equivalents)Midwest Fastener (equivalents)Select-A-Spring CloseSpring AssortmentsSpecialty SpringsCustom SpringsAbout AjaxCompany Info & HistoryNews & Blog CloseContact Us
Terms of Use Agreement
Read This Terms of Use Agreement Before Accessing Website.
Effective Date: This Terms of Use Agreement was last updated on February 23, 2017.
This Terms of Use Agreement sets forth the standards of use of the Ajax Wire Specialty Co., Inc. website. By using the ajaxsprings.com website you (the “Visitor”) agree to these terms and conditions. If you do not agree to the terms and conditions of this agreement, you should immediately cease all usage of this website. We reserve the right, at any time, to modify, alter, or update the terms and conditions of this agreement without prior notice. Modifications shall become effective immediately upon being posted at ajaxsprings.com website. Your continued use of the Service after amendments are posted constitutes an acknowledgement and acceptance of the Agreement and its modifications. Except as provided in this paragraph, this Agreement may not be amended.
1. Description of Service
Ajax Wire Specialty Co., Inc. is providing Visitor with information on its products and services. Visitor must provide (1) all equipment necessary for their own Internet connection, including computer and modem and (2) provide for Visitor’s access to the Internet, and (3) pay any fees relate with such connection.
2. Disclaimer of Warranties
The site is provided by Ajax Wire Specialty Co., Inc. on an “as is” and on an “as available” basis. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Ajax Wire Specialty Co., Inc. makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, regarding the use or the results of this web site in terms of its correctness, accuracy, reliability, or otherwise. Ajax Wire Specialty Co., Inc. shall have no liability for any interruptions in the use of this Website. Ajax Wire Specialty Co., Inc. disclaims all warranties with regard to the information provided, including the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, therefore the above-referenced exclusion is inapplicable.
3. Limitation of Liability
AJAX WIRE SPECIALTY CO., INC. SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, AND IN PARTICULAR AJAX WIRE SPECIALTY CO., INC. SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, OR DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF REVENUE, OR LOSS OF USE, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS WEB SITE OR THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN IT, WHETHER SUCH DAMAGES ARISE IN CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, TORT, UNDER STATUTE, IN EQUITY, AT LAW, OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF AJAX WIRE SPECIALTY CO., INC. HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW FOR THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, THEREFORE SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS IS INAPPLICABLE.
4. Indemnification
Visitor agrees to indemnify and hold Ajax Wire Specialty Co., Inc., its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs, made by any third party due to or arising out of Visitor’s use of the Service, the violation of this Agreement, or infringement by Visitor, or other user of the Service using Visitor’s computer, of any intellectual property or any other right of any person or entity.
5. Modifications and Interruption to Service
Ajax Wire Specialty Co., Inc. reserves the right to modify or discontinue the Service with or without notice to the Visitor. Ajax Wire Specialty Co., Inc. shall not be liable to Visitor or any third party should Ajax Wire Specialty Co., Inc. exercise its right to modify or discontinue the Service. Visitor acknowledges and accepts that Ajax Wire Specialty Co., Inc. does not guarantee continuous, uninterrupted or secure access to our website and operation of our website may be interfered with or adversely affected by numerous factors or circumstances outside of our control.
6. Third-Party Sites
Our website may include links to other sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by online merchants and other third parties. You acknowledge that we are not responsible for the availability of, or the content located on or through, any third-party site. You should contact the site administrator or webmaster for those third-party sites if you have any concerns regarding such links or the content located on such sites. Your use of those third-party sites is subject to the terms of use and privacy policies of each site, and we are not responsible therein. We encourage all Visitors to review said privacy policies of third-parties’ sites.
7. Disclaimer Regarding Accuracy of Vendor Information
Product specifications and other information have either been provided by the Vendors or collected from publicly available sources. While Ajax Wire Specialty Co., Inc. makes every effort to ensure that the information on this website is accurate, we can make no representations or warranties as to the accuracy or reliability of any information provided on this website.
Ajax Wire Specialty Co., Inc. makes no warranties or representations whatsoever with regard to any product provided or offered by any Vendor, and you acknowledge that any reliance on representations and warranties provided by any Vendor shall be at your own risk.
8. Governing Jurisdiction of the Courts of New York
Our website is operated and provided in the State of New York. As such, we are subject to the laws of the State of New York, and such laws will govern this Terms of Use, without giving effect to any choice of law rules. We make no representation that our website or other services are appropriate, legal or available for use in other locations. Accordingly, if you choose to access our site you agree to do so subject to the internal laws of the State of New York.
9. Compliance with Laws.
Visitor assumes all knowledge of applicable law and is responsible for compliance with any such laws. Visitor may not use the Service in any way that violates applicable state, federal, or international laws, regulations or other government requirements. Visitor further agrees not to transmit any material that encourages conduct that could constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any applicable local, state, national, or international law or regulation.
10. Copyright and Trademark Information
All content included or available on this site, including site design, text, graphics, interfaces, and the selection and arrangements thereof is ©2020 axajsprings.com, with all rights reserved, or is the property of Ajax Wire Specialty Co., Inc. and/or third parties protected by intellectual property rights. Any use of materials on the website, including reproduction for purposes other than those noted above, modification, distribution, or replication, any form of data extraction or data mining, or other commercial exploitation of any kind, without prior written permission of an authorized officer of Ajax Wire Specialty Co., Inc. is strictly prohibited. Visitors agree that they will not use any robot, spider, or other automatic device, or manual process to monitor or copy our web pages or the content contained therein without prior written permission of an authorized officer of Ajax Wire Specialty Co., Inc.
All other trademarks displayed on Ajax Wire Specialty Co., Inc.’s website are the trademarks of their respective owners, and constitute neither an endorsement nor a recommendation of those Vendors. In addition, such use of trademarks or links to the web sites of Vendors is not intended to imply, directly or indirectly, that those Vendors endorse or have any affiliation with Ajax Wire Specialty Co., Inc.
11. Notification of Claimed Copyright Infringement
Pursuant to Section 512(c) of the Copyright Revision Act, as enacted through the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, axajsprings.com designates the following individual as its agent for receipt of notifications of claimed copyright infringement.
By Mail: 119 Bloomingdale Road, Hicksville, NY 11801
By Telephone: (516) 935-2333
By Email:
12. Botnets
Ajax Wire Specialty Co., Inc. retains the right, at our sole discretion, to terminate any accounts involved with botnets and related activities. If any hostnames are used as command and control points for botnets, Ajax Wire Specialty Co., Inc. reserves the right to direct the involved hostnames to a honeypot, loopback address, logging facility, or any other destination at our discretion.
13. Other Terms
If any provision of this Terms of Use Agreement shall be unlawful, void or unenforceable for any reason, the other provisions (and any partially-enforceable provision) shall not be affected thereby and shall remain valid and enforceable to the maximum possible extent. You agree that this Terms of Use Agreement and any other agreements referenced herein may be assigned by Ajax Wire Specialty Co., Inc., in our sole discretion, to a third party in the event of a merger or acquisition. This Terms of Use Agreement shall apply in addition to, and shall not be superseded by, any other written agreement between us in relation to your participation as a Visitor. Visitor agrees that by accepting this Terms of Use Agreement, Visitor is consenting to the use and disclosure of their personally identifiable information and other practices described in our Privacy Policy Statement.
Compression Springs
Extension Springs
Torsion Springs
Spring Assortments
Specialty Springs
Custom Springs
Spring Prototyping
Brass Springs
Stainless Steel Springs
Music Wire Springs
Galvanized Hard Drawn Wire
Company Info
Contact Us
News & Blog
Glossary of Spring Terms
Terms of Use Agreement
Privacy Policy
©2020 Ajax Wire Specialty Co., Inc.
All rights reserved.
AJAX WIRE SPECIALTY CO., INC.
855-966-AJAX
(516) 935-2333 Fax (516) 935-2334
119 Bloomingdale Road, Hicksville, NY 11801
Website design, development, & maintenance by Electric Bricks LLC