http://akinbay.com/privacy-policy/
Our Commitment to Your Privacy:
Akin Bay has a long-standing policy of protecting the confidentiality and security of information we obtain from our clients. We do not share nonpublic information, corporate or personal, about our clients (“Information”) outside of Akin Bay without the consent of you or your company, except for the specific purposes described below, or as permitted by a Confidentiality Agreement with a client, and in any event only in accordance with all applicable laws. This Notice describes the Information we may gather when you visit this web site and the circumstances under which we may share it.
Why We Collect and How We Use Information:
We limit the collection and use of Information to the minimum we require to deliver superior service to you. Such service includes advising you about our financial advisory services and other opportunities.
How We Gather Information:
We get most Information directly from you or your company representatives – whether in person, by telephone or electronically. We may verify this information or get additional information from public or private data bases, or other standard sources of business information.
How We Protect Information:
Our personnel are required to protect the confidentiality of Information and to comply with our established policies. They may access Information only when there is an appropriate reason to do so, such as to administer or offer services. It is also Akin Bay’s policy to require all of our senior bankers (including our affiliates) who are to receive any Information to sign strict confidentiality agreements. In addition, we maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect the Information, which comply with all applicable laws. Personnel who violate our Privacy Policy are subject to disciplinary proceedings.
Disclosure of Information:
We may disclose certain kinds of Information when we reasonably believe it necessary for the conduct of our business, or where disclosure is required of us by law. For example, Information may be disclosed for audit purposes, our auditors, attorneys or other professionals, or to law enforcement and regulatory agencies to assist, as we are required to do, in the prevention of fraud or money laundering. In addition, we may disclose certain kinds of Information to third party service providers (i) to enable them to provide business services for us, such as performing computer related or data maintenance or processing services for us, or (ii) to facilitate the processing of transactions we have been engaged to perform for you. Except in those specific, limited situations, we will not without your consent make any disclosures of the Information to third parties who may want to use such Information to sell their products or services to you. We never sell client contact lists.
Former Clients:
Even if you are no longer an Akin Bay client, our Privacy Policy will continue to apply to Information in our possession concerning you or your company.
To Whom This Policy Applies:
This Privacy Policy applies for Akin Bay Company LLC and any other members of the Akin Bay corporate family. This Privacy Policy applies to companies and individuals to whom services are or have been provided by Akin Bay offices in the United States, provided such services are used primarily for business purposes, whether or not the company or individual has a customer relationship with us.
Further Information:
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. The examples contained within this Privacy Policy are illustrations and are not intended to be exclusive. If there are material changes to this Privacy Policy they will be posted on this web site. This notice complies with Federal law, State law and SEC and NASD regulations regarding privacy. You may have additional rights under other foreign or domestic laws that may apply to you.
Deal Review
Submit your business plan to Akin Bay to explore if the opportunity is a suitable fit for all our interests. Please review our Services Overview to learn more about our markets and processes.
Transaction Type:Buy Side M&ASell Side M&AFinancial Advisory.Debt FinancingEquity FinancingOtherBusiness Proposal File Upload
By submiting you business proposal for review, you understand and agree to our Privacy Policy, and website Terms of Service
Cookies are used for measurement, ads, and optimization. By continuing to use our site you agree to our
privacy policy. ACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.