https://alara.co.uk/terms-and-conditions/
Home » Terms and Conditions
We respect and protect the privacy of all visitors to our website. Please do not hesitate to contact us if you are at all concerned about anything regarding the privacy of your details.
We do request personal information such as your name, email address, company details, etc when you subscribe to our mailing list; enter competitions, provided feedback, etc. This information helps us understand a little more about our consumers, but please be assured that we never share your details with third parties unless you give us your consent.
Personal information such as your credit card details is also required to proceed with order payments. The Royal Bank of Scotland Streamline and Protx services are used to ensure complete transactional security for your payment using 128-bit encryption. Please not that we do not have access to your Credit Card details.
Disclaimer and Legal Notice:
The following are the terms and conditions of use of this website and its services. If you do not accept these conditions, you must not use this website or services.
The content on this website is provided ‘as is’, and Alara Wholefoods Ltd gives no representation or warranty as to the accuracy of the content and assumes no responsibility for errors or omissions in it or the effect it has upon your computer. This site includes links to other sites on the Internet. Alara Wholefoods Ltd cannot vouch for the suitability or accuracy of the content of those sites and so you use them at your own risk. Any references to linked sites or to third-party companies, products or services by name does not constitute or infer its endorsement by Alara Wholefoods Ltd.
The information available on the site might from time to time be incomplete, out of date or inaccurate. Alara Wholefoods Ltd reserves the right at any time and without prior notice to make changes and corrections to the material on the site or to make parts or this entire site unavailable at any time without notice.
Alara Wholefoods Ltd disclaims all liability in respect of all information and its provision, and shall not be liable for any loss or damages suffered as a result of any use of the site. Although Alara Wholefoods Ltd aims to keep it up-to-date, it does not guarantee its accuracy. Alara Wholefoods Ltd does try to make this site as useful as possible, none of the material it contains is professional advice or a substitute for it, and cannot be relied upon as such.
Unless specified to the contrary, the contents of this website and these pages are protected by copyright. The authors and creators of the material on the website assert their moral rights. The contents of this website (including text, design and graphics) are trademarked and copyrighted materials of Alara Wholefoods Ltd. All rights are reserved. They may not be used, transmitted or reproduced unless in accordance with prior written instructions issued by Alara Wholefoods Ltd. No use, transmission or reproduction is permitted other than the following:
Permission is given for the downloading and temporary storage of pages where indicated on such pages, for the sole purpose of individual viewing on a standalone PC or monitor. Such pages may be printed, but these may not be further reproduced, copied or transmitted in any way to those other than the initial individual user. You may not reproduce any other part of the website including, but not limited to, the structure, overall style and program code.
English law governs these conditions of use and any dispute connected with this site is subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. Alara Wholefoods Ltd may change these conditions of use from time to time. You will be bound by changes even if you do not re-visit this page to re-read this notice.
Please note that these are Alara Wholefoods Ltd’ terms and conditions of use and if you do not accept these conditions, you must not use this website or services.
We are committed to safeguarding personal privacy. We recognise that you have a right to control how your personal information is collected and used. Providing personal information is an act of trust that we take seriously.
We have designed this Privacy Policy to reflect the requirements and best practices of the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the Data Protection Act 1998.
We use the information that we collect from you for one or more of the following purposes:
To provide information to you that you request from us relating to our products.
To provide information to you relating to other products that may be of interest to you. Such additional information will only be provided where you have consented to receive such information for example via our newsletter.
To inform you of any changes to our website, services or goods and products.
On occasion we include links to third parties on this website or our newsletter. Where we provide a link it does not mean that we endorse or approve that site’s policy towards visitor privacy. You should review their privacy policy before sending them any personal data.
In accordance with the GDPR May 2018 you have the right to access any information that we hold relating to you. We are obliged to disclose all personal information we hold on you with in 30 days of your request.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Settings Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
What is Cookies?
Cookies are small pieces of data, stored in text files, that are stored on your computer or other device when websites are loaded in a browser. They are widely used to “remember” you and your preferences, either for a single visit (through a “session cookie”) or for multiple repeat visits (using a “persistent cookie”). They ensure a consistent and efficient experience for visitors, and perform essential functions such as allowing users to register and remain logged in. Cookies may be set by the site that you are visiting (known as “first party cookies”), or by third parties, such as those who serve content or provide advertising or analytics services on the website (“third party cookies”).
Both websites and HTML emails may also contain other tracking technologies such as “web beacons” or “pixels.” These are typically small transparent images that provide us with statistics, for similar purposes as cookies. They are often used in conjunction with cookies, though they are not stored on your computer in the same way. As a result, if you disable cookies, web beacons may still load, but their functionality will be restricted.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Due to Christmas Closure, we are accepting orders up until Thursday, 17th December 2020. All orders received on or after Friday, 18th December 2020 will be processed in the week commencing Monday, 4 January 2021. For further information please email info@alara.co.uk, Happy Holidays from the Alara Team! Dismiss