http://alaskareport.com/privacy.htm
Alaska Report.com Privacy Policy
Home  |  Photo Gallery  |  Videos  |  Weather  |  Corrupt Bastard Club Page  |  Links  |  Webcams  |  Jobs
AlaskaReport is committed to protecting the privacy of our customers.
The following statement discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for the AlaskaReport.com Web site.
Information Collection and Use
AlaskaReport, is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we at AlaskaReport are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our site requests information from users via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as postal code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Security
This website takes precautions to protect our users' information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line. When our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as their name, address, credit/debit card numbers, social security number or other billing information), that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry - SSL. While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when you are just 'surfing'. While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also protect user-information off-line. All of our users' information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a customer service representative) and third parties with whom you have elected to share it are granted access to personally identifiable information. Every quarter, as well as any time new policies are added, our employees are notified and/or reminded about the importance we place on privacy, and what they can do to ensure our customers' information is protected.