http://alerion.com/legal/
Legal
Website Terms of Use and Legal Notices
The following “Terms of Use,” Privacy Statement, and Disclaimer Notice set forth the legally binding terms and conditions that govern your access to and use of the Alerion Capital Group LLC website (the “Site”) and its contents (collectively, the “Content”). By using the Site, you accept these Terms of Use. Please do not use this Site, if you do not agree to these Terms of Use for any reason. Alerion Capital Group LLC may update these Terms of Use at any time. Your continued use of the Site after any such modifications constitutes your acceptance of these so modified Terms of Use.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
Alerion Capital Group LLC reserves the right to seek all remedies available by law and in equity for any violation of these Terms of Use. These Terms of Use are governed by Arizona State law. If we have a dispute regarding this policy or your use of our Site, you agree that it shall be resolved solely in the state or federal courts located in Arizona. If any of these terms are deemed invalid or unenforceable for any reason (including, but not limited to the exclusions and limitations set forth), then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be severed from these Terms of Use and the remaining terms will continue to apply.
Prohibited Uses of Our Site
Alerion Capital Group LLC has the right (but not the obligation) to monitor this Site for any unauthorized or objectionable conduct and to take all appropriate actions in response, without notice to you.
You may not (and may not encourage others to): violate any law, regulation, rule or the intellectual property; nor the publicity, privacy, or contractual rights of others; nor attempt to violate the security of this Site or otherwise use or gain access to the identities, information or computers of others, through this Site. You may not: send through this Site any materials or communications that are unlawful, indecent, harassing, defamatory, or otherwise objectionable in our sole discretion; nor transmit any worm, virus, time bomb or similar system interference or corrupting agent through this Site; nor use this Site to engage in any other unwelcome or unauthorized online conduct.
Limitation of Liability
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Alerion Capital Group LLLC, its affiliates and their employees, agents and representatives from any and all liabilities, losses, claims, damages, fees and expenses resulting from your violation of our Terms of Use, or that result from your use of this Site, including any damages or injury caused by any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, defect, delay in operation, computer virus, line failure, or other computer malfunction.
Furthermore, you acknowledge and accept that: notwithstanding the reasonable efforts by Alerion Capital Group LLC to avoid technological problems, this Site may not function properly, become unavailable, or may have or cause technological problems (including, without limitation, computer malfunction, failure of performance, delays, interruptions, defects, errors, worms or viruses) from time to time; and notwithstanding any reasonable security precautions that Alerion Capital Group LLC or its agents may take, Alerion Capital Group LLC or its agents cannot, and do not, guarantee that the Site will be free of security problems (including, without limitation, unauthorized interception of data or communications).
You understand and agree that your use of this Site is predicated upon your waiver of any right to sue Alerion Capital Group LLC or its affiliates directly or to participate in a suit for any losses or damages resulting from your use of this Site.
Disclaimer
Alerion Capital Group LLC has compiled the information on this Site in good faith and while using reasonable efforts to include up-to-date information and accurate, this Site is provided on an “as is” basis with no warranties of any kind. Your use of this Site and / or reliance upon any of the materials on this Site is solely at your own risk.
Trademark Information
The trademarks, logos and service marks (“Marks”) displayed on this web site are the property of Alerion Capital Group LLC or other third parties. Users are not permitted to use these Marks without the prior written consent of Alerion Capital Group LLC or the third party who owns the Mark. The Alerion Capital Group LLC Logo is a registered trademark of Alerion Capital Group LLC.
ALL CONTENTS ON THIS SITE ARE PROTECTED BY COPYRIGHT. NO PORTION OF THE INFORMATION ON THIS WEB SITE MAY BE REPRODUCED IN ANY FORM, OR BY ANY MEANS, WITHOUT PRIOR WRITTEN PERMISSION FROM ALERION CAPITAL GROUP LLC. VISITORS OR USERS ARE NOT PERMITTED TO MODIFY, DISTRIBUTE, PUBLISH, TRANSMIT OR CREATE DERIVATIVE WORKS OF ANY MATERIAL FOUND ON THIS SITE FOR ANY PUBLIC OR COMMERCIAL PURPOSES.
Alerion Capital Group LLC Ownership Information
The information on this web site, along with any materials are the copyrighted work of Alerion Capital Group LLC and/or its partner entities and is protected under US and worldwide copyright laws and treaty provisions.
No Offer or Advice
The Content provided is for informational purposes only and not intended as an offer or solicitation, nor may it be used or relied upon, for the purchase or sale of any financial instrument, investment product or service. Any offer or solicitation will be made only through documents specific to an investment opportunity, subject to the terms and conditions contained within such documents.
This Site is not utilized by Alerion Capital Group LLC to provide investment or other advice and nothing on the Site is to be deemed as recommending purchase or sale of any financial instrument, investment product or service. Consult with your own advisors for any investment, tax, or legal advice.
Privacy Policy
Alerion Capital Group LLC is committed to protecting any personal information that you may provide to us. In particular, we believe it is important for you to know how we treat information about you that we may receive from this Site.
Information Collected
In general, you can visit this Site without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself. Our web servers collect the domain names, not the e-mail addresses, of visitors. In addition, there are portions of this Site where we may need to collect personal information from you for a specific purpose, such as to provide you with certain information you request. This Site is not intended for persons under 13 years of age. We do not knowingly solicit or collect personal information from or about children, and we do not knowingly market our products or services to children.
Use of Collected Information
Domain name information that we collect is not used to personally identify you and instead is aggregated to measure the number of visits, average time spent on the site, pages viewed, etc. We use this information to measure the use of our Site and to improve the content of our Site.
Usually, we use the personal information you provide only to respond to your inquiry or to process your request. This information may be shared with other Alerion Capital Group LLC affiliated entities and its business partners, but only if necessary to fulfill your request or for related purposes.
Alerion Capital Group LLC may share the personal information you provide with other companies we have hired to provide services for us. These companies are contractually bound to use personal information we share with them only to perform the services we have hired them to provide. We do not share, sell, or lease personal information about you to any third-parties for their marketing use. We will release information about you if you direct us to do so, if we are required by law to do so, or in other legally limited circumstances.
Links to Other Sites
The Alerion Capital Group LLC Site may contain links to other sites. While efforts are made to link only to sites that share our high standards and respect for privacy, we are not responsible for the content, security, or privacy practices employed by other sites.
Security of Collected Information
Alerion Capital Group LLC maintains appropriate and reasonable physical, electronic, and administrative safeguards to protect your personal information from unauthorized or inappropriate access. Access to information about you is restricted to those Alerion Capital Group LLC employees or affiliates who need to know the information to respond to your inquiry or request. Employees or affiliates who misuse personal information are subject to disciplinary action.
© 2016-2021 Alerion Capital Group, LLC – All Rights Reserved