https://alfed.org.uk/terms-conditions/
Terms & ConditionsYou are here: Home / Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Aluminium Federation Terms and Conditions.
These Terms apply to everyone who accesses this site. If you do not wish to be bound by these Terms, you may not access this site.
Welcome to Aluminium Federation’s website. The Aluminium Federation website is owned by Aluminium Federation and operated and hosted by Internet Consulting Ltd. If you should have any queries regarding the web site please contact us at
Aluminium Federation.
Suite 9, Alcora Building,
Mucklow Hill,
Halesowen,
West Midlands, B62 8DG
alfed@alfed.org.uk
All intellectual property rights in the design, content and arrangement of this site, its text and graphics, all software compilations or underlying source code, and all other material on this site are reserved to us, our affiliates or our content and/or technology providers. Whilst we have taken every reasonable precaution and care in compiling this website, we do not make any representation or warranty of any kind (express or implied) with respect to the content or operation of this website, and any such representations and warranties are excluded by this notice. We do not warrant that use of this website will be uninterrupted or error free. Your use of this website and the information contained in it are entirely at your own risk. We do not accept any liability for any loss or damages, whether direct or indirect, that you may suffer as a result of your use of this website or your reliance upon the contents of this website including but not limited to computer service or system failure or interruption, computer viruses or other harmful components, breaches of security or unauthorised use of the system. This website is made available on the basis that (except in respect of fraud or of death or of personal injury caused by our negligence) all liability whatsoever for any loss or damage arising out of or in connection with your use of this website or reliance upon the contents of this website is excluded to the fullest extent permitted by law.
The content of this website, any dispute arising out of the website, and your relationship with us are governed by English law and shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts. This site is operated from the UK. If you access this site from outside the UK, you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. We have the right to change these Terms from time to time without prior notice and we will amend the changes on this page.
Privacy and Security
When you register with us, when you order from us, or when you modify your contact / membership details you will be asked to provide us with your name and address (including e-mail address). When you make a purchase online, your contact details and credit card number are collected on our behalf by ‘Paypal’ who provide the on-line customer credit verification service for our Internet Distribution Paypal will use your personal information solely for credit verification purposes in the normal way as with any credit card transaction. Your credit card number will not be retained by Paypal once the order has been passed to us for processing. Neither Internet Consulting Ltd nor The Aluminium Federation Ltd. ever knows your credit card number.
The Aluminium Federation Ltd is registered under the British Data Protection Act and any information is collected and held in accordance with the 1998 Data Protection Act. We undertake that any personal information, which you provide, will be treated in complete confidence and will be used to help us to continually improve our service to you, and will not be divulged to a third party. If you do not wish us to retain any personal information about you on our records, please contact us by letter, fax or email alfed@alfed.org.uk and ask us to remove your personal information from our files.
The registration and product ordering parts of the catalogue are fully secure. This means that your personal contact information, your order details and your credit card number can be supplied by you in the knowledge that they can not be viewed or accessed by a third party.
If you have any queries or concerns on any matter relating to privacy or security please contact us by letter, fax or email alfed@alfed.org.uk
Conditions Of Purchase
Your use of this site and the sale and purchase of any items are governed by the terms of use of the site and these conditions of purchase. In using the site you are agreeing to be bound by these conditions.
Your Order
When you submit your order request and credit card payment details, we will respond with an e-mail
acknowledgement providing you with a customer order number, an authorisation code and a confirmation of your ordered goods, the value of your order and your shipping address. This e-mail will constitute our acceptance of your order. Our acceptance of your order will be deemed complete and received by you at the date and time of sending of the email, which time and date will be provided on the email. Where such an order is for, or includes, copyright materials it implies that you agree to the following statement:
I DECLARE THAT:
I HAVE NOT PREVIOUSLY BEEN SUPPLIED WITH A COPY OF THE SAME MATERIAL BY YOU OR ANY OTHER LIBRARIAN. I WILL NOT USE THE COPY EXCEPT FOR RESEARCH OR PRIVATE STUDY AND WILL NOT SUPPLY A COPY OF IT TO ANY OTHER PERSON; AND TO THE BEST OF MY KNOWLEDGE NO OTHER PERSON WITH WHOM I WORK OR STUDY HAS MADE OR INTENDS TO MAKE, AT OR ABOUT THE SAME TIME AS THIS REQUEST, A REQUEST FOR SUBSTANTIALLY THE SAME MATERIAL FOR SUBSTANTIALLY THE SAME PURPOSE.
I understand that if the declaration is false in a material particular the copy supplied to me by you will be an infringing copy and that I shall be liable for infringement of copyright as if I had made the copy myself.
Pricing and Payment
This sale of materials from our site is only intended for customers with delivery addresses in mainland UK, and for payment in UK pounds sterling. For your convenience, and so that you know exactly how much you will pay when you shop with us, our website will add the courier delivery price relevant to your product, with a total price displayed before you enter the credit card transaction stage of the purchase. The catalogue price also includes VAT at the rate of 20%, where appropriate, on the delivery charge for materials ordered, and paid for, electronically (on line) using the shopping basket and order form facility within this site. Credit card transaction clearance will be by Paypal. The product ordering part of the catalogue is secure. This means that your personal contact information, your order details and your credit card number can be supplied by you in the knowledge that they can not be viewed or accessed by a third party. Credit cards will be debited when you confirm an online order. Online orders will be confirmed by email to advise you that the transaction has been successful.
The Aluminium Federation Ltd. cannot guarantee to answer the phone 24 hours a day. However we do promise to come back to you as soon as practicable. Please bear in mind international time differences, and phone between 9am and 5pm (GMT) Mon – Friday.
Delivery
All items available on the website are either in stock or ready for “on-demand production”. It is anticipated that delivery within mainland UK will be within 5 working days of confirmed credit card clearance. Materials that include additional items, such as CD’s, will require a little longer to produce and check before delivery can be made. You will be informed of any predicted delivery delays due to additional items.
Upon receipt of the products a signature will be required to acknowledge delivery. The signature of the person accepting delivery at the delivery address will be proof that you or the person, to whom the order is addressed, has received the delivery. All products are insured against loss or damage from the time they are dispatched to the time they are delivered to you. If the materials you ordered are incorrect on delivery and have been damaged in transit, please advise us within 10 days of receipt and retain the report and the packaging. We will pursue the compensation claim with the carrier and on acceptance of liability by the carrier, you will receive a full refund on the damaged products.
Acceptance
Upon receipt of delivery you must inspect the goods. You will be deemed to have accepted the goods if you have not notified us and returned the goods within seven days. If no such action is taken, we shall not be obliged to accept any rejection of the goods at a later date. Your statutory rights are not affected.
Satisfaction and Complaints
If you are in any way dissatisfied with our products or services and wish to make a complaint please contact us by letter, fax or email alfed@alfed.org.uk stating the nature of your dissatisfaction. We will normally acknowledge receipt of your complaint within five working days and will respond fully to you in writing, normally within 15 working days. We promise to treat all letters of dissatisfaction confidentially and with priority. We value your comments and will use any feedback we receive from you constructively to improve our service to you in the future. If the materials you receive fail to meet the description of the product you ordered, and you wish to claim a refund, please advise us within 10 days of receipt. A full refund will be provided within a maximum of 30 days of agreement to refund, subject to the product having been returned to us unused, in first class condition, securely packaged, using a carrier who will insure the parcel. We cannot accept responsibility until the returned product reaches us. We will refund your P&P costs in these circumstances. You have a legal right to cancel your order within seven working days following the date of the receipt of the order without giving a reason. In these circumstances you would receive your money back within 30 days. You would be liable for the cost of returning goods during this period and, if the material has been accessed, by opening the delivery package you may be liable for the full cost, at the discretion of The Aluminium Federation Ltd.
NOTE Contracts do not affect the consumer’s statutory rights.
Returns
In order for a return to be processed, please return the parcel back to the following address
Aluminium Federation.
The National Metalforming Centre
47 Birmingham Road
West Bromwich
West Midlands
B70 6PY
Please note that all parcels must be returned using a Recorded Delivery Service (One that requires a receipt).
You have seven days upon receipt of the goods to return them to us and cancel the order. If after this time you discover that the goods are faulty you can return the goods to us. After the items have arrived at our offices, they will be examined and the appropriate refund will be processed. We will only refund your postage costs if the goods are deemed to be faulty and you have included a receipt of your postage. We will notify you by e-mail of your refund.
Cancellations
We can only accept your cancellation if it is returned to us no later than seven days after the receipt of the goods. Cancellations must be communicated to the Aluminium Federation in writing, posted, faxed or e-mailed.
Quick Links
Join Now
Who We Are
Training
Media
Member Area
Contact Us Suite 9, Alcora Building,
Mucklow Hill,
Halesowen,
West Midlands,
B62 8DG
Tel: 0330 236 2800
Email: m_lane@alfed.org.uk
Follow Us
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
OKLearn more
Scroll to top